=== LIN_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A (Risk Factors) in this report, which should be reviewed carefully. Please consider Linde plc s forward-looking statements in light of those risks. 3 Table of Contents Linde plc and Subsidiaries PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General Linde plc is a public limited company formed under the laws of Ireland with its principal offices in the United Kingdom and United States. Linde is the largest industrial gas company worldwide and is a major technological innovator in the industrial gases industry. Its primary products in its industrial gases business are atmospheric gases (oxygen, nitrogen, argon, and rare gases) and process gases (hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, electronic gases, specialty gases, and acetylene). The company also designs and builds equipment that produces industrial gases and offers customers a wide range of gas production and processing services such as olefin plants, natural gas plants, air separation plants, hydrogen and synthesis gas plants, and other types of plants. Linde serves a diverse group of industries including healthcare, chemicals and energy, manufacturing, metals and mining, food and beverage, and electronics. Linde s sales were $33,986 million, $33,005 million, and $32,854 million for 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Refer to Item 7 , Management's Discussion and Analysis, for a discussion of consolidated sales and Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to Linde s reportable segments. Industrial Gases Products and Manufacturing Processes Atmospheric gases are the highest volume products produced by Linde. Using ambient air as feedstock, Linde produces oxygen, nitrogen and argon through several air separation processes of which cryogenic air separation is the most prevalent. Linde is the market leader in the field of non-cryogenic air separation technologies for the production of industrial gases. As part of this process Linde also produces rare gases, such as krypton, neon, and xenon. As a pioneer and leader in industrial gases, Linde is continuously developing a wide range of proprietary and patented applications and technologies to produce, store, distribute and increase usage of its gases. These technologies open important new markets and provide customers with opportunities to reduce costs, by increasing their operational efficiencies, including vacuum pressure swing adsorption ( VPSA ) and membrane separation technology to produce gaseous oxygen and nitrogen on-site. Process gases, including hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, specialty gases and acetylene are produced by other production methods. Hydrogen is produced from several different feedstocks using a range of technologies. Today, carbon intensity is used to designate and differentiate between the production processes and the respective feedstocks used to produce the molecule. The majority of conventional hydrogen currently produced by Linde is derived from natural gas or methane, using steam methane reformation (SMR) or auto-thermal reforming (ATR) technology. Linde has a range of technologies to produce low-carbon hydrogen from fossil feedstocks, or renewable hydrogen from renewable energy (non-fossil feedstock). Both products are considered sources of clean energy. Low-carbon (blue) hydrogen is produced primarily from methane, by capturing carbon emissions from a hydrogen production plant and sequestering them subsurface for the long term. Renewable (green) hydrogen is produced by electrolysis using renewable energy and water as feedstock. Other sources of low-carbon hydrogen are existing chemical and petrochemical processes, out of which Linde recovers hydrogen for subsequent treatment and cleaning to achieve ultra-high purity levels. Carbon monoxide can be produced by either SMR or ATR of natural gas or other feedstock such as naphtha, a by-product in the petrochemical industry. Most carbon dioxide comes as an industrial by-product, that is sourced from chemical plants, refineries and other processes or is recovered from natural carbon dioxide sources. Raw carbon dioxide is processed and purified in Linde s plants to produce commercial and food-grade carbon dioxide. Helium is sourced from certain helium-rich natural gas streams in the United States, with additional supplies being acquired from outside the United States. Acetylene is primarily sourced as a chemical by-product, but may also be produced from calcium carbide and water. Industrial Gases Distribution There are three basic distribution methods for industrial gases: (i) on-site or tonnage; (ii) merchant or bulk liquid; and (iii) packaged or cylinder gases. These distribution methods are often integrated, with products from all three supply modes coming from the same plant. The method of supply is generally determined by the lowest cost means of meeting the customer s needs, depending upon factors such as volume requirements, purity, pattern of usage, and the form in which the product is used (as a gas or as a cryogenic liquid). 4 Table of Contents On-site. Customers that require the largest volumes of product (typically oxygen, nitrogen and hydrogen) and that have a relatively constant demand pattern are supplied by cryogenic and process gas on-site plants. Linde constructs plants on or adjacent to these customers sites and supplies the product directly to customers by pipeline. On-site product supply contracts generally are total requirement contracts with terms typically ranging from 10-20 years and containing minimum purchase requirements and price escalation provisions. Many of the cryogenic on-site plants also produce liquid products for the merchant market. Therefore, plants are typically not dedicated to a single customer. Air separation technologies also allow on-site delivery to customers with smaller volume requirements. Merchant. The merchant business is generally associated with distributable liquid oxygen, nitrogen, argon, hydrogen, helium and carbon dioxide. The deliveries generally are made from Linde s plants by tanker trucks to storage containers at the customer's site which are usually owned and maintained by Linde and leased to the customer. Due to distribution cost, merchant oxygen and nitrogen generally have a relatively small distribution radius from the plants at which they are produced. Merchant argon, hydrogen and helium can be shipped much longer distances. The customer agreements used in the merchant business are usually three to seven-year requirement contracts. Packaged Gases. Customers requiring small volumes are supplied products in metal containers called cylinders, under medium to high pressure. Packaged gases include atmospheric gases, hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, acetylene and related products. Linde also produces and distributes in cylinders a wide range of specialty gases and mixtures. Cylinders may be delivered to the customer s site or picked up by the customer at a packaging facility or retail store. Packaged gases are generally sold under one to three-year supply contracts and through purchase orders. Engineering Linde s Engineering business has a global presence, with its focus on market segments such as air separation, hydrogen, synthesis, olefin and natural gas plants. The company utilizes its process engineering expertise in the planning, design and construction of efficient plants for the production and processing of gases. Engineering uses sustainable technologies to help customers avoid, capture and utilize carbon dioxide emissions. Its technology portfolio covers the entire value chain for production, liquefaction, storage, distribution and application of hydrogen which supports the transition to clean energy. Its digital services and solutions increase plant efficiency and performance. Linde's plants are used in a wide variety of fields: in the petrochemical and chemical industries, in refineries and fertilizer plants, to recover air gases, to produce synthesis gases, to treat natural gas and to produce noble gases. The Engineering business either supplies plant components directly to the customer or to the industrial gas business of Linde which operates the plants under long-term gases supply contracts. Inventories Linde carries inventories of merchant and cylinder gases and hardgoods to supply products to its customers on a reasonable delivery schedule. On-site plants and pipeline complexes have limited inventory. In ventory obsolescence is not material to Linde s business. Customers Linde is not dependent upon a single customer or a few customers. International Linde is a global enterprise with approximately 64% of its 2025 sales outside of the United States. The company also has majority or wholly owned subsidiaries that operate in approximately 50 European, Middle Eastern and African countries (including Germany, the United Kingdom (U.K.), France, Sweden, and the Republic of South Africa); approximately 15 Asian and South Pacific countries (including China, Australia, India and South Korea); and approximately 20 countries in North and South America (including the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Brazil). The company also has equity method investments operating in Asia, Europe, and the Middle East. Linde s non-U.S. business is subject to risks customarily encountered in non-U.S. operations, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, import and export controls, and other economic, political and regulatory policies of local governments. Also, see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. Seasonality Linde s business is generally not subject to seasonal fluctuations to any significant extent. Research and Development Linde s research and development are directed toward development of gas processing, separation and liquefaction technologies, and clean energy technologies; improving distribution of industrial gases and the development of new markets and applications for these gases. This results in the development of new advanced air separation, hydrogen, synthesis gas, natural gas, adsorption and chemical process technologies; novel clean energy and carbon management solutions; as well as the frequent introduction of new industrial gas applications. Research and development is primarily conducted in Pullach, Germany, Tonawanda, New York, Burr Ridge, Illinois and Shanghai, China. 5 Table of Contents Patents and Trademarks Linde owns or licenses a large number of patents that relate to a wide variety of products and processes. Linde s patents expire at various times over the next 20 years. While these patents and licenses are considered important to its individual businesses, Linde does not consider its business as a whole to be materially dependent upon any one particular patent, or patent license, or family of patents. Linde also owns a large number of trademarks, of which the "Linde" trademark is the most significant. Raw Materials and Energy Costs Energy is the single largest cost item in the production and distribution of industrial gases. Most of Linde s energy requirements are in the form of electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel for distribution. The company mitigates electricity, natural gas, and hydrocarbon price fluctuations contractually through pricing formulas, surcharges, cost pass through and tolling arrangements. The supply of energy has not typically been a significant issue in the geographic areas where the company conducts business. However, energy availability and price is unpredictable and may pose future risks. For hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, and specialty gases, raw materials are largely purchased from outside sources. Linde has contracts or commitments for, or readily available sources of, most of these raw materials; however, their long-term availability and prices are subject to market conditions. Competition Linde participates in highly competitive markets in industrial gases and engineering, which are characterized by a mixture of local, regional and global players, all of which exert competitive pressure on the parties. In locations where Linde has pipeline networks, which enable the company to provide reliable and economic supply of products to larger customers, Linde derives a competitive advantage. Competitors in the industrial gases industry include global and regional companies such as L Air Liquide S.A., Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., Messer Group GmbH, Mitsubishi Chemical Holdings Corporation (through Taiyo Nippon Sanso Corporation) as well as an extensive number of small to medium size independent industrial gas companies which compete locally as producers or distributors. In addition, a significant portion of the international gases market relates to customer-owned plants. Employees The company sources talent from an ever-changing and competitive environment. The ability to source and retain qualified and committed employees is a prerequisite for the company s success, and represents a general risk for Linde. The Board of Directors ("Board") has established a strategic business objective to maintain world-class standards in talent management. Executive variable compensation is assessed annually based on performance in financial measures as well as in several strategic non-financial areas, including talent management. The Human Capital Committee assists the Board in its oversight of Linde s compensation policies and programs, particularly in regard to reviewing executive compensation for Linde s executive officers. The Human Capital Committee also annually reviews the company s management development and succession programs and the associated programs to achieve those objectives. The global head of Human Resources reports to the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"). Linde has aligned inclusion as a core value with its business strategies and implemented inclusive workforce development planning into business process and performance management. Advancing inclusivity is a line management responsibility and Linde seeks competitive advantage through proactive management of its talent pipeline and recruiting processes. Linde provides equal employment opportunity, and recruits, hires, promotes and compensates people based solely on their performance and ability. Employees receive a competitive salary and variable compensation components based on performance and job level. Linde has collective bargaining agreements with unions at numerous locations throughout the world. Additional benefits are offered such as occupational pensions and contributions towards health insurance or medical screening, reflecting regional conditions and local competition. Senior managers participate directly in the company s growth in value through the Long Term Incentive Plan of Linde plc. In addition, annually managers have the ability to grant leadership equity awards under the Long Term Incentive Plan to certain eligible employees. Linde also invests in professional development of its employees through formal and on-the-job training. As of December 31, 2025, Linde had 65,177 employees worldwide comprised of approximately 28 percent women and 72 percent men. Environment Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Management s Discussion and Analysis Environmental Matters in Item 7 of this 10-K. Available Information The company makes its periodic and current reports available, free of charge, on or through its website, www.linde.com, as soon as practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the 6 Table of Contents Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Investors may also access from the company website other investor information such as press releases and presentations. Information on the company s website is not incorporated by reference herein. In addition, the public may read and copy any materials filed with the SEC free of charge at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. Executive Officers The following Executive Officers have been elected by the Board of Directors. Sanjiv Lamba, 61, was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Linde effective March 1, 2022 and Chairman of the Board effective January 31, 2026. Prior to being appointed CEO, he was Chief Operating Officer starting in January 2021 and after serving as Executive Vice President, APAC, beginning in October 2018. Previously, Mr. Lamba was appointed a Member of the Executive Board of Linde AG in 2011, responsible for the Asia Pacific segment of the Gases Division, for Global Gases Businesses Helium Rare Gases, Electronics as well as Asia Joint Venture Management. Mr. Lamba started his career in 1989 with BOC India in Finance where he progressed to become Director of Finance before being appointed as Managing Director for BOC s India s business in 2001. Throughout his years with BOC/Linde, he worked in various roles across a number of different geographies including the U.S., Germany, the U.K., Singapore and India. Desiree Bacher, 54, was appointed Senior Vice President - Chief Human Resources Officer of Linde effective September 1, 2025. Previously, she served as Senior Vice President of Communications, AI, and Corporate Procurement beginning in 2024 and as Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis and Corporate Procurement from 2019 to 2024. She joined the company in 1999 as Controller of Linde Philippines and was later appointed Commercial Manager. In 2003, she became Vice President of Finance and held several senior finance roles across the Asia Pacific region. Guillermo Bichara, 51, is Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. He previously served as Praxair s Vice President and General Counsel. Mr. Bichara joined the company in 2006, first as Director of Legal Affairs at Praxair Mexico before being promoted to Vice President and General Counsel of Praxair Asia. He subsequently had responsibility for Europe, Mexico and corporate transactions before being promoted to Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Mr. Bichara previously held roles at Cemex and various global law firms. Sean Durbin, 55, was appointed Chief Operating Officer of Linde effective October 1, 2025. Previously, he has served as Executive Vice President of North America beginning in September 2023, Executive Vice President of EMEA from April 2021 to September 2023 and Senior Vice President of Global Functions from July 2020. Mr. Durbin joined Praxair, Inc. in 1993 and served in various roles across operations, engineering, project management, business development and sales. In recent years, he has held leadership positions including Business President, Region Europe South from 2019 to 2020, and President, Praxair Canada Inc. from 2013 to 2019. Ben Glazer, 52, was appointed Senior Vice President of Americas effective October 1, 2025. He previously served as President of Linde Gas and Equipment Inc. and Senior Vice President - South America. Mr. Glazer joined Praxair in 2002 in the Treasury department. From 2004 to 2012, he held various leadership roles across Praxair business units. In 2012, Mr. Glazer became Director of Executive Staff, where he supported the office of the CEO. He was named President of Praxair Mexico and Central America in 2014. In 2017, he was named Manager of Merger Integration, where he led integration efforts for Linde plc during the merger of Praxair and Linde AG. Kelcey E. Hoyt, 56, was appointed Senior Vice President of Accounting, Financial Planning Analysis, and Sustainability in April 2024 and has served as the Chief Accounting Officer of Linde since October 2018. Prior to this, she served as Vice President and Controller of Praxair, Inc. beginning in August 2016. Prior to becoming Controller, she served as Praxair s Director of Investor Relations beginning in 2010. She joined Praxair in 2002 and served as Director of Corporate Accounting and SEC Reporting through 2008, and later served as Controller for various divisions within Praxair s North American Industrial Gas business. Prior to joining Praxair, she was in audit at KPMG, LLP. Stefano Innocenzi, 52, was appointed Senior Vice President of Linde Engineering effective May 1, 2025. He previously served as President of Region Europe West since rejoining Linde in 2023 after serving as Senior Vice President at Siemens Energy. Mr. Innocenzi originally joined Linde in 2001 and held various roles within Linde Engineering and Linde Gas businesses before relocating to Asia in 2013. After serving in several Business Development positions, he became part of the leadership team of Linde Gas APAC and was then named head of Engineering APAC in 2019. Binod Patwari, 54, was appointed Senior Vice President of Linde APAC in November 2024. Prior to this, he served as Managing Director of Region South Pacific. Mr. Patwari joined Linde in 1997 in India's Finance organization and held various positions in Finance and Operations including assignments in Asia, Australia and the United Kingdom. He later served as the Chief Financial Officer for the Asia-Pacific region and Head of Linde's ASEAN business where he oversaw operations across six countries. 7 Table of Contents Oliver Pfann, 57, was appointed Senior Vice President, EMEA effective September 1, 2023. Since 1995, Oliver Pfann has served in a range of roles at Linde. He began his career in Product Development and then as Sales Manager in Romania. He transitioned to Global Key Accounts and was named General Manager of Linde Italy in 2004. Since 2007, Pfann led a regional cluster in Eastern Europe with an increasing number of countries. In 2017, he was promoted to lead the Region UK, Ireland and Africa before assuming his assignment as Business President for Region Europe East in 2019. Matthew J. White, 53, became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Linde in October 2018. He previously served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Praxair, Inc. since January 1, 2014. Prior to this, Mr. White was President of Praxair Canada from 2011 to 2013. He joined Praxair in 2004 as finance director for the company s largest business unit, North American Industrial Gases. In 2008, he became Vice President and Controller of Praxair, Inc., then was named Vice President and Treasurer in 2010. Before joining Praxair, White was Vice President, Finance, at Fisher Scientific and before that he held various financial positions, including group controller, at GenTek, a manufacturing and performance chemicals company. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Due to the size and geographic reach of the company s operations, a wide range of factors, many of which are outside of the company s control, could materially affect the company s future operations and financial performance. Management believes the following risks may significantly impact the company: Weakening economic conditions in markets in which Linde does business may adversely impact its financial results and/or cash flows. Linde serves a diverse group of industries across more than 80 countries, which generally leads to financial stability through various business cycles. However, a broad decline in general economic or business conditions in the industries served by its customers could adversely affect the demand for Linde s products and impair the ability of its customers to satisfy their obligations to Linde, resulting in uncollected receivables and/or unanticipated contract terminations or project delays. For example, global political and economic uncertainty could reduce investment activities of Linde s customers, which could adversely affect Linde s business. In addition, many of Linde s customers are in businesses that are cyclical in nature, such as the chemicals and energy, and metals and mining end markets. Downturns in these industries may adversely impact Linde during these cycles. Additionally, such conditions could impact the utilization of Linde s manufacturing capacity which may require it to recognize impairment losses on tangible assets such as property, plant and equipment, as well as intangible assets such as goodwill, customer relationships or intellectual property. Increases in the cost of energy and raw materials and/or disruption in the supply of these materials could result in lost sales or reduced profitability. Energy is the single largest cost item in the production and distribution of industrial gases. Most of Linde s energy requirements are in the form of electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel for distribution. Linde attempts to minimize the financial impact of variability in these costs through the management of customer contracts and reducing demand through operational productivity and energy efficiency. Large customer contracts typically have escalation and pass-through clauses to recover energy and feedstock costs. Such attempts may not successfully mitigate cost variability, which could negatively impact Linde s financial condition or results of operations. The supply of energy has not been a significant issue in the geographic areas where Linde conducts business. However, regional energy conditions are unpredictable and may pose future risk. For hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, and specialty gases, raw materials are largely purchased from outside sources. Where feasible, Linde sources several of these raw materials, including hydrogen, carbon dioxide, and calcium carbide, as chemical or industrial byproducts. In addition, Linde has contracts or commitments for, or readily available sources of, most of these raw materials; however, their long-term availability and prices are subject to market conditions. A disruption in supply of such raw materials could impact Linde s ability to meet contractual supply commitments. Linde s international operations are subject to the risks of doing business abroad and international events and circumstances may adversely impact its business, financial condition or results of operations. Linde has substantial international operations which are subject to risks including devaluations in currency exchange rates, transportation delays and interruptions, political and economic instability and disruptions, restrictions on the transfer of 8 Table of Contents funds, trade conflicts and the imposition of duties and tariffs, import and export controls, changes in governmental policies, labor unrest, possible nationalization and/or expropriation of assets, changes in U.S. and non-U.S. tax policies and compliance with governmental regulations. These events could have an adverse effect on the international operations of Linde in the future by reducing the demand for its products, decreasing the prices at which it can sell its products, reducing the revenue from international operations or otherwise having an adverse effect on its business. Currency exchange rate fluctuations and other related risks may adversely affect Linde's results. Because a significant portion of Linde's revenue is denominated in currencies other than its reporting currency, the U.S. dollar, changes in exchange rates will produce fluctuations in revenue, costs and earnings and may also affect the book value of assets and liabilities and related equity. Although the company from time to time utilizes foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge these exposures, its efforts to minimize currency exposure through such hedging transactions may not be successful depending on market and business conditions. As a result, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect Linde s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Macroeconomic factors may impact Linde s ability to obtain financing or increase the cost of obtaining financing which may adversely impact Linde s financial results and/or cash flows. Volatility and disruption in the U.S., European and global credit and equity markets, from time to time, could make it more difficult for Linde to obtain financing for its operations and/or could increase the cost of obtaining financing. In addition, Linde s borrowing costs can be affected by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies which are based, in significant part, on its performance as measured by certain criteria such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. A decrease in these debt ratings could increase the cost of borrowing or make it more difficult to obtain financing. An impairment of goodwill or intangible assets could negatively impact the company's financial results. As of December 31, 2025, the net carrying value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets was approximately $28 billion and $2 billion, respectively, primarily as a result of the business combination and the related acquisition method of accounting applied to the 2018 merger between Linde plc's predecessor companies. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the company periodically assesses these assets to determine if they are impaired. Significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to business, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in use of the assets, divestitures and sustained market capitalization declines may result in recognition of impairments to goodwill or other indefinite-lived assets. Any charges relating to such impairments could have a material adverse impact on Linde's results of operations in the periods recognized. Catastrophic events could disrupt the operations of Linde and/or its customers and suppliers and may have a significant adverse impact on the results of operations. Linde's operations are exposed to physical risks associated with the occurrence of natural disasters linked to climate change, such as extreme weather events including hurricanes and floods, as well as catastrophic events such as health epidemics; pandemics; and acts of war or terrorism. These events could disrupt or delay Linde s ability to produce and distribute its products to customers, result in asset impairments, and could potentially expose Linde to third-party liability claims. In addition, such events could impact Linde s customers and suppliers resulting in temporary or long-term outages and/or the limitation of supply of energy and other raw materials used in normal business operations. Linde evaluates the direct and indirect business risks, consults with vendors, insurance providers and industry experts, makes investments in suitably resilient design and technology, and conducts regular reviews of the business risks with management. Despite these steps, however, such events are outside Linde s control and may have a significant adverse impact on its financial results. The inability to attract and retain qualified personnel may adversely impact Linde s business. If Linde fails to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel, it may not be able to develop, market or sell its products or successfully manage its business. Linde is dependent upon a highly skilled, experienced and efficient workforce to be successful. Much of Linde s competitive advantage is based on the expertise and experience of key personnel regarding marketing, technology, manufacturing and distribution infrastructure, systems and products. The inability to attract and hire qualified individuals or the loss of key employees in very skilled areas could have a negative effect on Linde s financial results. 9 Table of Contents If Linde fails to keep pace with technological advances in the industry or if new technology initiatives do not become commercially accepted, customers may not continue to buy Linde s products and results of operations could be adversely affected. Linde s research and development is directed toward developing new and improved methods for the production and distribution of industrial gases, the design and construction of plants and toward developing new markets and applications for the use of industrial and process gases. This results in the introduction of new applications and the development of new advanced process technologies. As a result of these efforts, Linde develops new and proprietary technologies and employs necessary measures to protect such technologies within the global geographies in which Linde operates. These technologies help Linde to create a competitive advantage and to provide a platform to grow its business. If Linde s research and development activities do not keep pace with competitors or if Linde does not create new technologies that benefit customers, future results of operations could be adversely affected. Risks related to pension benefit plans may adversely impact Linde s results of operations and cash flows. Pension benefits represent significant financial obligations that will be ultimately settled in the future with employees who meet eligibility requirements. Because of the uncertainties involved in estimating the timing and amount of future payments and asset returns, significant estimates are required to calculate pension expense and liabilities related to Linde s plans. Linde utilizes the services of independent actuaries, whose models are used to facilitate these calculations. Several key assumptions are used in the actuarial models to calculate pension expense and liability amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements. In particular, significant changes in actual investment returns on pension assets, discount rates, or legislative or regulatory changes could impact future results of operations and required pension contributions. Operational risks may adversely impact Linde s business or results of operations. Linde s operating results are dependent on the continued operation of its production facilities and its ability to meet customer contract requirements and other needs. Insufficient or excess capacity threatens Linde s ability to generate competitive profit margins and may expose Linde to liabilities related to contract commitments. Operating results are also dependent on Linde s ability to complete new construction projects on time, on budget and in accordance with performance requirements. Failure to do so may expose Linde s business to loss of revenue, potential litigation and loss of business reputation. Also inherent in the management of Linde s production facilities and delivery systems, including storage, vehicle transportation and pipelines, are operational risks that require continuous training, oversight and control. Material operating failures at production, storage facilities or pipelines, including fire, toxic release and explosions, or the occurrence of vehicle transportation accidents could result in loss of life, damage to the environment, loss of production and/or extensive property damage, all of which may negatively impact Linde s financial results. Linde may be subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions and cybersecurity breaches or other related incidents. Linde relies on information technology systems and networks, including systems that utilize advanced technologies for business and operational activities, and also stores and processes sensitive business and proprietary information in these systems and networks. These systems are susceptible to outages due to fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failures, viruses, break-ins and similar events, or breaches of security. Linde has taken steps to address these risks and concerns by implementing advanced security technologies, internal controls, network and data center resiliency and recovery processes. Despite these steps, however, our information technology systems have in the past been and in the future will likely be subject to increasingly sophisticated cyber attacks and disruptions. Operational failures and breaches of security from such attempts could lead to the loss or disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to Linde or our employees and customers or suppliers. These failures and breaches could result in business interruption or malfunction and lead to legal or regulatory actions that could result in a material adverse impact on Linde s operations, reputation and financial results. To date, such attempts have not had any significant impact on Linde's operations or financial results. The inability to effectively integrate acquisitions or collaborate with joint venture partners could adversely impact Linde s financial position and results of operations. Linde has evaluated and expects to continue to evaluate, a wide array of potential strategic acquisitions and joint ventures. Many of these transactions, if consummated, could be material to its financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the process of integrating an acquired company, business or group of assets may create unforeseen operating 10 Table of Contents difficulties and expenditures. Although historically Linde has been successful with its acquisition strategy and execution, the areas where Linde may face risks include: the need to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at companies that prior to the acquisition lacked these controls, procedures and policies; diversion of management time and focus from operating existing business to acquisition integration challenges; cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into the existing organization; the need to integrate each company s accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems to permit effective management; difficulty with the assimilation of acquired operations and products; failure to achieve targeted synergies and cost reductions; and inability to retain key employees and business relationships of acquired companies. Foreign acquisitions and joint ventures involve unique risks in addition to those mentioned herein, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. Also, the anticipated benefit of potential future acquisitions may not materialize. Future acquisitions or dispositions could result in the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets, any of which could adversely impact Linde s financial results. Linde is subject to a variety of international laws and government regulations and changes in, or failure to comply with, these laws or regulations could have an adverse impact on the company s business, financial position and results of operations. Linde is subject to regulations in the following areas, among others: securities laws applicable in the United States, the European Union, and other jurisdictions; U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws and currency controls; trade and import/export restrictions, as well as economic sanctions laws; antitrust matters; safety; environmental protection, including climate change and energy efficiency laws and policies, and environmental related reporting and disclosures; data protection including artificial intelligence; global anti-bribery laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; and healthcare regulations. Changes in these or other regulatory areas may impact Linde s profitability and may give rise to new or increased compliance risks: it may become more complex and costly to ensure compliance, and the level of sanctions in the event of non-compliance may rise. Noncompliance with such laws and regulations could result in penalties or sanctions, cancellation of marketing rights or restrictions on participation in, or even exclusion from, public tender proceedings, all of which could have a material adverse impact on Linde s financial results and/or reputation. Such changes may also restrict Linde s ability to compete effectively in the marketplace. Changes to regulations in the areas of environmental protection and climate change, for example, may impact customer and competitor behavior driving structural changes in key end markets. While Linde will work to mitigate these risks through the pursuit of strategic alliances and investment in applications technologies to capture new growth areas, given the uncertainty about the type and scope of new regulations, it is difficult to predict how such changes and their impact on market behavior will ultimately impact Linde s business. However, such changes could have a material adverse impact on Linde's results of operations. Doing business globally requires Linde to comply with anti-corruption, trade, compliance and economic sanctions and similar laws, and to implement policies and procedures designed to ensure that its employees and other intermediaries comply with the applicable restrictions. These restrictions include prohibitions on the sale or supply of certain products, services and any other economic resources to embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments, persons and entities. Compliance with these restrictions requires, among other things, screening of business partners. Despite its commitment to legal compliance and corporate ethics, the company cannot ensure that its policies and procedures will always protect it from intentional, reckless or negligent acts committed by employees or agents under the applicable laws. If Linde fails to comply with laws governing the conduct of international operations, Linde may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, which could materially adversely affect its reputation, business and results of operations. 11 Table of Contents The outcome of litigation or governmental investigations may adversely impact the company s business or results of operations. Linde s subsidiaries are party to various lawsuits and governmental investigations arising in the ordinary course of business. Adverse outcomes in some or all of the claims pending may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect Linde s ability to conduct business. Linde and its subsidiaries may in the future become subject to further claims and litigation, which is impossible to predict. The litigation and other claims Linde faces are subject to inherent uncertainties. Legal or regulatory judgments or agreed settlements might give rise to expenses which are not covered, or are not fully covered, by insurance benefits and may also lead to negative publicity and reputational damage. An unfavorable outcome or determination could cause a material adverse impact on the company s results of operations. Potential product defects or inadequate customer care may adversely impact Linde s business or results of operations. Risks associated with products and services may result in potential liability claims, the loss of customers or damage to Linde s reputation. Principal possible causes of risks associated with products and services are product defects or an inadequate level of customer care when Linde is providing services. Linde is exposed to legal risks relating to product liability in the countries where it operates, including countries such as the United States, where legal risks (in particular through class actions) have historically been more significant than in other countries. The outcome of any pending or future products and services proceedings or investigations cannot be predicted and legal or regulatory judgments or agreed settlements may give rise to significant losses, costs and expenses. The manufacturing and sale of products as well as the construction and sale of plants by Linde may give rise to risks associated with the production, filling, storage, handling and transport of raw materials, goods or waste. Industrial gases are potentially hazardous substances and medical gases and the related healthcare services must comply with the relevant specifications in order to not adversely affect the health of patients treated with them. Linde s products and services, if defective or not handled or performed appropriately, may lead to personal injuries, business interruptions, environmental damages or other significant damages, which may result, among other consequences, in liability, losses, monetary penalties or compensation payments, environmental clean-up costs or other costs and expenses, exclusion from certain market sectors deemed important for future development of the business and loss of reputation. All these consequences could have a material adverse effect on Linde s business and results of operations. U.S. civil liabilities may not be enforceable against Linde. Linde is organized under the laws of Ireland and substantial portions of its assets are located outside of the United States. In addition, certain directors and officers of Linde and its subsidiaries reside outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon Linde or such persons, or to enforce outside the United States judgments obtained against such persons in U.S. courts in any action, including actions predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. In addition, it may be difficult for investors to enforce, in original actions brought in courts in jurisdictions located outside the United States, rights predicated upon the U.S. federal securities laws. A judgment for the payment of money rendered by a court in the United States based on civil liability would not be automatically enforceable in Ireland. There is no treaty between Ireland and the United States providing for the reciprocal enforcement of foreign judgments. The following requirements must be met before the foreign judgment will be deemed to be enforceable in Ireland (i) the judgment must be for a definite sum, (ii) the judgment must be final and conclusive; and (iii) the judgment must be provided by a court of competent jurisdiction. An Irish court will also exercise its right to refuse judgment if the foreign judgment (i) was obtained by fraud; (ii) violated Irish public policy; (iii) is in breach of natural justice; or (iv) if the judgment is irreconcilable with an earlier foreign judgment. In addition, there is doubt as to whether an Irish court would accept jurisdiction and impose civil liability on Linde or such persons in an original action predicated solely upon the U.S. federal securities laws brought in a court of competent jurisdiction in Ireland against Linde or such member, officer or expert, respectively. Changes in tax laws or policy could adversely impact the company s financial position or results of operations. Linde and its subsidiaries are subject to the tax rules and regulations in the U.S., Germany, Ireland, the U.K. and other countries in which they operate. Those tax rules and regulations are subject to change on a prospective or retroactive basis. Under current economic and political conditions tax rates and policies in any jurisdiction, including the U.S., the U.K. and the EU, are subject to significant changes which could result in a significant change to Linde's current and deferred income 12 Table of Contents tax. In particular, since Linde is currently treated as U.K. tax resident, any potential changes in the tax rules applying to U.K. tax-resident companies would directly affect Linde. A change in Linde s tax residency could have a negative effect on the company s future profitability and may trigger taxes on dividends or exit charges. If Linde ceases to be resident in the U.K. and becomes resident in another jurisdiction, it may be subject to U.K. exit charges, and/or could become liable for additional tax charges in the other jurisdiction. If Linde were to be treated as resident in more than one jurisdiction, it could be subject to duplicative taxation. Furthermore, although Linde is incorporated in Ireland and is not expected to be treated as a domestic corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it is possible that the IRS could challenge this result or that changes in U.S. federal income tax law could alter this result. If the IRS successfully asserted such a position or the law were to change, significant adverse tax consequences may result for Linde, the company and Linde s shareholders. Changes in tax laws may result in higher tax expense and tax payments. In addition, changes in tax legislation and uncertainty about the tax environment in some regions may restrict Linde's opportunity to enforce its respective rights under the law. Linde also operates in countries with complex tax regulations which could be interpreted in different ways. Linde and its subsidiaries are subject to audits by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions or other review actions by the relevant financial or tax authorities. The ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in Linde s or its subsidiaries financial statements and may materially affect their respective financial results for the period when such determination is made. 