=== RBA_2026-03-19.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a 6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 RB Global, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Proxy Statement Notice of Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 30, 2026 1 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Dear Fellow Shareholders, We are proud of our strong financial and operating results in 2025 and the resulting returns we delivered to RB Global shareholders, including a 1% increase in Diluted Earnings Per Share. This strong performance, combined with continued confidence in our strategy, led to a ~14% increase in RB Global s stock price for the year. Our team s commitment to our partners and customers, the operational excellence instilled across the organization, and disciplined investments in strategic growth areas paved the way for this meaningful upside. We believe we are well-positioned to capture market share in large and growing markets. We have robust cash flows to fuel both capital returns and value-creating investments that help extend our geographic reach, support our entry into complementary and adjacent end markets, strengthen our ecosystem, and accelerate access to new customers. RB Global s Board of Directors and management team are confident in the road ahead and our ability to continue driving sustainable, long-term shareholder value. Building on Our Significant Momentum In the commercial construction and transportation sector , we are enhancing operational efficiency and advancing our growth strategy to help navigate a dynamic market environment and to support our ability to capitalize on emerging opportunities as market conditions evolve. We continue to optimize our territory manager network and implement targeted initiatives, which are designed to enhance our sales force s productivity. In addition to acquisitions, we continue to invest in making our customers experience better, both digitally and physically at the yard. In our automotive sector , we continued to outpace the market in 2025, achieving market-share gains and expanding unit volumes. Strong operational performance for our partners remained a hallmark, with service-level excellence and continued growth in average selling prices for our U.S. insurance partners. We also continued to grow our international buyer base with new market alliance partners and expanded our international partnerships, reinforcing our leadership position and setting the stage for continued growth. Enhanced Operating Model Increasing Speed and Driving Exceptional Customer Experiences To best position the Company for the future, on August 12, 2025, we announced that we were realigning the executive leadership team and implementing a new, transformative operating model. Anchored by senior leaders who drive a culture of clarity, focus, and speed, the new structure empowers our teams to concentrate on what matters most increasing transactional volumes and delivering exceptional customer experiences that drive tangible value for our partners. We Look Forward to Sharing More About Our Progress with You We look forward to discussing our progress and future value-creation opportunities over the coming year, as well as at the upcoming Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders on April 30, 2026. Registered shareholders may participate in our annual meeting online via live webcast, as outlined in this proxy statement. Your vote is important to us, and we hope your shares are represented and voted at the meeting. Instructions on voting are found throughout this proxy statement, including in the section entitled Questions and Answers About the Meeting, Proxy Materials and Voting. We deeply value the time and thoughtful perspectives our investors share with the Board and management team. Your insights are instrumental to our success. On behalf of the RB Global Board of Directors and the management team, thank you for your investment, continued support, and confidence in RB Global. On behalf of the RB Global Board of Directors, Bob Elton Chair of the Board Jim Kessler Chief Executive Officer 2 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Two Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 500 Westchester, Illinois 60154, United States NOTICE OF ANNUAL AND SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS To The Shareholders: NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that an Annual and Special Meeting (the Meeting ) of the shareholders of RB GLOBAL, INC. (the Company ) will be held in a virtual-only format on April 30, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. (Central Time), for the following purposes: 1. to receive the financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended December 31, 2025 and the report of the auditors thereon; 2. to consider and, if deemed advisable, to pass, with or without variation, a special resolution to determine the number of directors on the Company s Board of Directors and the number of directors to be elected at the Meeting to be ten (10); 3. to elect the directors of the Company to hold office until their successors are elected at the next annual meeting of the Company; 4. to appoint the auditors of the Company to hold office until the next annual meeting of the Company and to authorize the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors; 5. to consider and, if deemed advisable, to approve, on an advisory basis, a non-binding resolution on the compensation of the Company s named executive officers, as more particularly described in the accompanying Proxy Statement; 6. to consider and, if deemed advisable, to pass, with or without variation, a special resolution to empower the directors of the Company, by resolution of the directors, to determine the number of directors within the minimum and maximum number set out in the Company s Articles of Continuance; 7. to consider the shareholder proposal set out on pages 101 to 103 of Appendix B; and 8. to transact such other business as may properly be brought before the Meeting. The Meeting will be held in a virtual-only format conducted via live audio webcast. Shareholders will not be able to attend the Meeting in person. We have structured our virtual meeting to provide shareholders the same rights as if the Meeting were held in person. Shareholders may listen to the Meeting, submit questions and vote online at: http://www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/rba2026 (the 2026 Meeting Website ). To be admitted to vote or ask questions at the Meeting through the 2026 Meeting Website, you must enter the control number found on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or voting instruction form. You may vote during the Meeting by following the instructions available on the 2026 Meeting Website during the Meeting. Further information regarding the matters to be considered at the Meeting is set out in the accompanying Proxy Statement. 3 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The directors of the Company have fixed the close of business on March 6, 2026 as the record date for determining the shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Meeting. Only registered shareholders of the Company as of March 6, 2026 will be entitled to vote online or by proxy at the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. It is important that your shares be represented and voted at the Meeting. We urge you to vote your shares either by internet, phone or mail as promptly as possible so your shares will be represented at the Meeting. Instructions on voting your shares are in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials you received for the Meeting. If you received paper copies of our proxy materials, instructions on voting your shares can be found on the enclosed proxy form. Internet voting facilities for shareholders of record will be available 24 hours a day and will close at 11:00 a.m. (Central Time) on April 28, 2026. To be effective, forms of proxy sent by mail must be received by Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717, no later than April 28, 2026. All non-registered shareholders who receive these materials through a broker or other intermediary should complete and return the materials in accordance with the instructions provided to them by such broker or intermediary. DATED at Vancouver, British Columbia, as of this 19th day of March, 2026. By Order of the Board of Directors Ryan Welsh Corporate Secretary IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL AND SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON APRIL 30, 2026 The Company s Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report are available at investor.rbglobal.com 4 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL AND SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 3 PROXY STATEMENT FOR ANNUAL AND SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 7 PROXY SUMMARY 8 Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders 8 Shareholder Voting Matters 8 General Information 8 Voting Methods 9 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MEETING, PROXY MATERIALS AND VOTING 10 PROPOSAL ONE: DETERMINING NUMBER OF DIRECTORS TO BE 10 16 PROPOSAL TWO: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 16 Questions and Answers about the Election of Directors 16 Information Concerning the Nominees to the Board of Directors 18 Recommendation of the Board 23 INFORMATION CONCERNING OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 24 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 26 Overview 26 Structure and Members of the Board 26 Independence of the Directors 26 Meetings of the Board and Board Member Attendance at Annual Meeting 27 Independent Chair 27 Board Mandate 27 Position Descriptions 29 Orientation and Continuing Education 29 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 29 Shareholder and Other Interested Party Communications to the Board 30 Executive and Chief Executive Officer Succession Planning 31 Board Evaluations and Director Assessments 31 Director Term Limits and Board Renewal 32 Board Composition and the Director Identification and Selection Process 32 Representation of Women in Executive Officer Appointments 32 Other Designated Groups 33 Corporate Governance Guidelines 33 Board Leadership Structure 33 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 34 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 34 Cybersecurity - Risk Management Strategy 34 BOARD COMMITTEES 35 Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 35 Compensation Committee 35 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 36 Other Committees 37 OTHER MATTERS 38 Legal Proceedings 38 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 38 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 38 NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 40 Non-executive Director Compensation Table 41 Ownership Guidelines 42 Non-executive Director Deferred Share Unit Plan 43 Non-executive Director Restricted Share Units 43 PROPOSAL THREE: RE-APPOINTMENT OF ERNST YOUNG LLP 44 Overview 44 Fees Billed by Independent Auditors 44 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 44 Recommendation of the Board 45 Report of the Audit Committee 45 PROPOSAL FOUR: NON-BINDING, ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 45 Overview 45 Recommendation of the Board 46 5 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 47 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION TABLES 70 PROPOSAL FIVE: EMPOWERING THE BOARD TO DETERMINE THE NUMBER OF DIRECTORS 94 Overview 94 Recommendation of the Board 94 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 95 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS AND DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS 97 OTHER BUSINESS 98 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 99 APPENDIX A: SELECTED DEFINITIONS OF OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 100 APPENDIX B: SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL 101 6 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT FOR ANNUAL AND SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS To Be Held on April 30, 2026 The Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders (the Meeting ) of RB Global, Inc. (the Company or RB Global ) will be held in a virtual-only format on April 30, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. (Central Time). On or about March 19, 2026, in connection with the solicitation by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ) of proxies for the Meeting, we anticipate that we will begin mailing to each shareholder entitled to vote at the Meeting either (1) a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or (2) this Proxy Statement, Notice of Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders, the Company s 2025 Annual Report and the form of proxy. We are providing proxy materials to our shareholders primarily via a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials instead of mailing printed copies of these materials to each shareholder. The Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials contains instructions about how to access our proxy materials and vote online or by mail. If you would like to receive a free paper or email copy of our proxy materials for this and/or future shareholder meetings, you may (1) visit www.proxyvote.com, (2) call 1-800-579-1639 or (3) send an email to sendmaterial@proxyvote.com. If sending an email, please include your control number in the subject line. To facilitate timely delivery, any request for a paper or email copy of the proxy materials should be made by April 16, 2026. If you plan to attend the Meeting and your shares are held in street name in an account with a bank, broker or other nominee you should follow the procedures in the materials and request voting instructions provided by or on behalf of such broker, bank or other nominee and arrange to be appointed as a proxy holder. The Meeting will be held in a virtual-only format conducted via live audio webcast. Shareholders will not be able to attend the Meeting in person. Shareholders may listen to the Meeting, submit questions and vote online at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/rba2026. You can vote your shares by internet, phone or mail, or if you hold your shares in street name , by following the instructions set forth in the voting instruction form provided by or on behalf of your broker, bank or other nominee. If you need assistance to attend the Meeting, please contact our Corporate Secretary at 9500 Glenlyon Parkway, Burnaby, British Columbia V5J 0C6, Canada or by calling us at 778-331-5500. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Proxy Statement to we, us, and our refer to RB Global, Inc. Dollar amounts are presented in U.S. dollars unless otherwise specified. Except as otherwise stated, the information herein is given as of March 6, 2026. 7 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider. For more complete information about these topics, please review our 2025 Annual Report and the entire Proxy Statement. References throughout this Proxy Statement to we, us, our, the Company or RB Global refer to RB Global, Inc. Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders Time and Date: April 30, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. (Central Time) Location: Virtual-only format via the internet by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/rba2026 Record Date: March 6, 2026 Mailing Date: On or about March 19, 2026 Attending the Meeting: Virtual Meeting. Virtually via the internet by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/rba2026 and following the instructions. You will need the information included on your proxy card to access the Meeting. Shareholder Voting Matters The Board recommends that you vote your shares: FOR the approval of the special resolution to determine the number of directors on the Board and the number of directors to be elected at the Meeting to be ten (10) as described under Proposal One: Determining Number of Directors to be 10 beginning on page 16 ; FOR the election of each of the nominees named under Proposal Two: Election of Directors beginning on page 16 ; FOR the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as auditors of the Company until the next annual meeting and the authorization of the Audit Committee of the Board to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors as described under Proposal Three: Appointment of Ernst Young LLP beginning on page 44 ; FOR non-binding, advisory approval of our named executive officer compensation as described under Proposal Four: Non-Binding, Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation beginning on page 45 ; FOR the approval of the special resolution to empower the directors of the Company, by resolution of the directors, to determine the number of directors within the minimum and maximum number set out in the Company s Articles of Continuation as described under Proposal Five: Empowering the Board to Determine the Number of Directors beginning on page 94 ; AGAINST the shareholder proposal as described in Appendix B beginning on page 101 . General Information Stock Symbol: RBA Exchanges: New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) Registrar and Transfer Agent: Computershare Head Office: Two Westbrook Corporate Center, Suite 500, Westchester, Illinois 60154, United States Company Website: rbglobal.com Investor Relations Website: investor.rbglobal.com References in this Proxy Statement to the Company s website, including its investor relations website, are not intended to, and do not, incorporate by reference into this Proxy Statement any materials contained on such website. 8 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Voting Methods Have your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or your proxy card available. Vote by Internet: www.proxyvote.com Vote by Phone: 1-800-690-6903 Vote by Mail: at address provided on proxy card. Voting Deadline: April 28, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. (Central Time) or 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before any adjournment or postponement of the Meeting. 9 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MEETING, PROXY MATERIALS AND VOTING Why am I receiving this Proxy Statement? The Company is providing the Notice of Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders and this Proxy Statement directly to shareholders who are shareholders of record at the close of business on March 6, 2026 and therefore are entitled to vote at the Meeting. This Proxy Statement describes issues on which the Company would like you, as a shareholder, to vote. It provides information on these issues so that you can make an informed decision. You do not need to attend the Meeting to vote your shares. When you vote by internet, phone or mail, you appoint the proxy holders nominated by management, Bob Elton, Chair of the Board, and Jim Kessler, Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of the Company, with full power of substitution, to be your representatives at the Meeting. A shareholder has the right to appoint a person or company other than the nominees of management named in the instrument of proxy to represent the shareholder at the Meeting. To exercise this right, a shareholder should insert the name of its nominee in the blank space provided. A person appointed as a proxy holder need not be a shareholder of the Company. As your representative(s), your proxy holder(s) will vote or withhold from voting the shares represented by the proxy at the Meeting (or any adjournments or postponements thereof) in accordance with your instructions on any ballot that may be called. If you specify a choice in the proxy as to how your shares are to be voted with respect to any matter to be acted upon, the shares will be voted accordingly. With proxy voting, your shares will be voted whether or not you attend the Meeting. Even if you plan to attend the Meeting, we recommend that you vote by internet, phone or mail as soon as possible to ensure your vote is recorded in advance of the Meeting. When you vote by internet, phone or mail, you will confer discretionary authority upon a proxy holder named in the instrument of proxy to vote your shares on any amendments or variations to matters identified in the accompanying Notice of Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders and any other matter which may properly come before the Meeting in respect of which such proxy has been granted, subject to any limitations imposed by law. You may attend the Meeting via live audio webcast. The accompanying proxy materials include instructions on how to participate in the Meeting via the live audio webcast and how you may vote your shares online if you attend the Meeting. To submit your questions during the Meeting, please log on to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/rba2026. You will need to enter the 16-digit control number received with your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or proxy card to enter the Meeting. If you have any technical difficulties or any questions regarding the virtual meeting website, please call the support team at the numbers listed on the log-in screen. If there are any technical issues in convening or hosting the Meeting, we will promptly post information to our Investor Relations website, https://investor.rbglobal.com/home/default.aspx, including information on when the Meeting will be reconvened. Why is the Meeting being held in a virtual-only format? The Meeting is being held in a virtual-only format in order to provide all our shareholders with an equal opportunity to participate, regardless of their geographic location. Why does my name not appear as a shareholder of record? Many, if not most, investors own their shares through a broker dealer or other nominee. Broker dealers frequently clear their transactions through other broker dealers, and may hold the actual certificates for shares in the name of securities depositories, such as Cede Co. (operated by the Depository Trust Company) in the United States or CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. in Canada. In such a case, only the ultimate certificate holder appears on our records as a shareholder, even though that nominee may not have any economic interest in the shares that you actually own through your broker dealer. You should contact your broker dealer for more information about this process. If your shares are held in an account with a brokerage firm, bank, dealer, or other similar organization, then you are the non-registered/beneficial owner of shares held in street name and these proxy materials are being forwarded to you by or on behalf of that organization. The registered holder of the shares is considered the shareholder of record for purposes of voting at the Meeting. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote the shares in your account by following the instructions on the voting instruction form that is provided by or on behalf of the intermediary. You are also invited to attend the Meeting. However, since you are not the shareholder of record, you may not attend the Meeting remotely and vote your shares at the Meeting unless you arrange with your broker, bank, or other nominee to be appointed as proxy holder. 10 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Who is making this solicitation and who will pay the related costs? This solicitation is made on behalf of the management of the Company. No director has given management notice that he or she intends to oppose any action intended to be taken by management at the Meeting. The Company will bear the cost of soliciting proxies. In an effort to have as large a representation at the Meeting as possible, the Company s directors, officers and employees may solicit proxies by telephone or in person in certain circumstances. These individuals will receive no additional compensation for their services other than their regular salaries. Upon request, the Company will reimburse brokers, dealers, banks, voting trustees and their nominees who are holders of record of common shares of the Company (the Common Shares ) on the record date for the reasonable expenses incurred for mailing copies of the proxy materials to the beneficial owners of such shares. When is the record date? The Board has fixed March 6, 2026 as the record date for the Meeting. Only holders of Common Shares and holders of Series A Senior Preferred Shares of the Company (the Subordinate Voting Shares ) as of the close of business on that date will be entitled to vote at the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. How many shares are outstanding and how many votes can be cast by all shareholders? A total of 185,924,928 Common Shares and 485,000,000 Subordinate Voting Shares were outstanding as of March 6, 2026. At the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, each holder of Common Shares as of the record date is entitled to one vote per Common Share held in connection with each matter to be acted upon at the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. At the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, each holder of Subordinate Voting Shares as of the record date is entitled to 0.0139696 vote per Subordinate Voting Share held in connection with each matter to be acted upon at the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, voting with the holders of the Common Shares on an as-converted basis and as a single class. Subordinate Voting Shares represent, as of the record date, 6,775,252 votes at the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, which is the number of Common Shares into which the Subordinate Voting Shares could be converted as of the record date. Such number of votes represents approximately 3.52% of the aggregate voting rights attached to the Company s securities as of the record date. Are there any shareholders that hold 10% or more of the shares that may be voted? To the knowledge of the Company s directors and executive officers, based on filings with Canadian securities regulators and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), no person beneficially owns, or controls or directs, directly or indirectly, Common Shares carrying more than 10% of the voting rights attached to the Common Shares of the Company other than as described under Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters on page 95 . To the knowledge of the Company s directors and executive officers, as of March 6, 2026, various funds and a managed account to which Starboard Value LP serves as the investment manager or manager beneficially own, or control or direct, directly or indirectly, 459,295,000 Subordinate Voting Shares, representing 94.7% of the voting rights attached to the Subordinate Voting Shares. See Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters on page 95 . What items of business will be voted on at the Meeting and how does the Board recommend I vote? Shareholders will be asked to vote on the following: the approval of a special resolution to determine the number of directors on the Board and the number of directors to be elected at the Meeting to be ten (10); the election of ten directors for a term of one year each expiring at the next annual meeting of the Company; the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s auditor until the next annual meeting of the Company and the authorization of the Audit Committee of the Board to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors; a non-binding, advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers; the approval of a special resolution to empower the directors of the Company, by resolution of the directors, to determine the number of directors within the minimum and maximum number set out in the Company s Articles of Continuation (the Articles ); a shareholder proposal as described in Appendix B; and any other business that may properly come before the Meeting. 11 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The Board recommends a vote: FOR the approval of the special resolution to determine the number of directors on the Board and the number of directors to be elected at the meeting to be ten (10); FOR each nominee for director; FOR the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s auditor until the next annual meeting of the Company and the authorization of the Audit Committee of the Board to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors; FOR the non-binding, advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers; FOR the approval of the special resolution to empower the directors of the Company, by resolution of the directors, to determine the number of directors within the minimum and maximum number set out in the Articles; and AGAINST the shareholder proposal as described in Appendix B. What are my voting rights if I hold Common Shares? Each Common Share is entitled to one vote in connection with each matter to be acted upon at the Meeting. No cumulative rights are authorized and dissenters rights are not applicable to any of the matters being voted upon. What are my rights if I hold Subordinate Voting Shares? Each Subordinate Voting Share is entitled to 0.0139696 of a vote in connection with each matter to be acted upon at the Meeting, voting with the holders of the Common Shares on an as-converted basis and as a single class. No cumulative rights are authorized and dissenters rights are not applicable to any of the matters being voted upon. In the event of a take-over bid for the Common Shares, a holder of Subordinate Voting Shares may participate in such take-over bid by exercising the conversion rights attached to such Subordinate Voting Shares. Each outstanding Subordinate Voting Share shall be convertible into Common Shares at the option of the holder, subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Articles. Under certain circumstances prescribed under the Articles, a holder of Subordinate Voting Shares may also have the right to require the Company to redeem all or any portion of such holder s Subordinate Voting Shares for cash in the event of a take-over bid. How do I vote if I am a registered shareholder? If you are a registered shareholder, you may vote your shares by internet at www.proxyvote.com, by mail, by phone or by attending the Meeting and voting online. To vote by internet, you will need your voting control number, which can be found on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or proxy card. To vote by mail, you should promptly complete, sign and return your proxy card, or if you have received a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, request a proxy card by internet at www.proxyvote.com, calling 1-800-579-1639 or emailing sendmaterial@proxyvote.com. Joint owners wishing to complete a proxy form must each sign the proxy card. How do I vote if I am a non-registered/beneficial holder? If you are a non-registered/beneficial holder, you should receive a voting instruction form from a broker dealer or other nominee that you may use to instruct such persons how to vote your shares. If you receive a voting instruction form, you may exercise voting rights in respect of those shares in accordance with the procedures provided by the broker dealer or other nominee, which may include voting by mail, telephonically by calling the telephone number shown on the voting form or via the internet at the website shown on the voting instruction form. If you are a non-registered/ beneficial holder, you are not considered to be a shareholder of record, and you will not be permitted to vote your shares at the Meeting unless you have obtained a proxy for those shares from the person or entity of record holding your shares. Should you require additional information regarding the Meeting, please contact our Corporate Secretary at 9500 Glenlyon Parkway, Burnaby, British Columbia V5J 0C6, Canada or by calling us at 778-331-5500. To participate in the Meeting, you will need the 16-digit control number included in your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or proxy card. Beneficial shareholders who do not have a control number may be able to gain access to the Meeting by logging into their broker, brokerage firm, bank or other nominee s website and selecting the shareholder communications mailbox to link through to the Meeting; instructions should also be provided on the voting instruction form provided by your broker, bank or other nominee. Can shareholders vote at the Meeting? If you prefer, you may vote online at the Meeting. If you hold your shares through a brokerage account but do not have a physical share certificate, or the shares are registered in someone else s name, you need to arrange with your stockbroker or the registered owner to be appointed as proxy holder entitling you to vote online at the Meeting. 12 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS What does it mean if I receive more than one proxy card and/or voting instruction form? If you receive more than one proxy card and/or voting instruction form, it likely means that you have multiple accounts with the Company s transfer agent and/or with stockbrokers. Please vote or arrange for voting of all of your shares. What if I share an address with another shareholder and we received only one copy of the proxy materials or what if I receive multiple copies? SEC rules permit companies and intermediaries such as brokers to send one envelope with individual copies of our Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or proxy materials to multiple shareholders who share the same address unless we receive contrary instructions from a shareholder. This process, which is commonly referred to as householding, provides cost savings for companies. Some brokers household proxy materials by default, delivering a single proxy statement to multiple shareholders sharing an address unless contrary instructions have been received from the affected shareholders. Once you have received notice from your broker that they will be householding materials to your address, householding will continue until you are notified otherwise or until you revoke your consent. If, at any time, you no longer wish to participate in householding and would prefer to receive a separate proxy statement, or if you are receiving duplicate copies of these materials and wish to have householding apply, please notify your broker. You may also call 1-866-540-7095 or write to: Broadridge, Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717, and include your name, the name of your broker or other nominee, and your account number(s). You can also request prompt delivery of a copy of this Proxy Statement, the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials and our 2025 Annual Report by written request to our Corporate Secretary at 9500 Glenlyon Parkway, Burnaby, British Columbia V5J 0C6, Canada or by calling us at 778-331-5500. May I revoke my proxy or change my vote? Yes. If you are a registered shareholder, you may revoke your proxy by: signing another proxy with a later date and delivering it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717 (according to the instructions on the proxy), not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays) before the time for holding the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof; signing and dating a written notice of revocation and delivering it to the registered office of the Company, 9500 Glenlyon Parkway, Burnaby, British Columbia V5J 0C6, Canada, at any time up to and including the last business day preceding the date of the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof; attending the Meeting virtually and registering with the scrutineer of the Meeting as a shareholder present virtually and by signing and delivering a written notice of revocation to the Chair of the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof; or in any other manner provided by law. If you have followed the process for attending and voting online at the Meeting, voting online at the Meeting will revoke your previous proxy. In addition, if you are a registered shareholder and have voted using the internet following the instructions as described in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or this Proxy Statement, you may change your vote by following the procedures described in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or this Proxy Statement to submit a vote with a later date prior to the voting deadline. If you are not a registered shareholder and wish to change your proxy nominee or your vote, you should consult your broker or nominee with respect to submitting new voting instructions. Intermediaries may set deadlines for the receipt of revocation notices that are farther in advance of the Meeting than those set out above and, accordingly, any such revocation should be completed well in advance of the deadline prescribed in the form of proxy or voting instruction form to ensure it is given effect at the Meeting. How are abstentions and broker non-votes counted? Shares held or represented by proxy by persons present at the Meeting in respect of which the holder or proxy holder does not vote, or abstains from voting, with respect to any proposal are counted for purposes of establishing a quorum. If a quorum is present, abstentions will not be included in vote totals and will not affect the outcome of the vote of any proposal contained in this year s Proxy Statement. A broker non-vote occurs when a broker, bank or other agent has not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner of the shares and the broker, bank or other agent cannot vote the shares because the matter is considered non-routine under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ). If a quorum is present, broker non-votes will not be counted as votes FOR or AGAINST such matter or, in the case of election of a director, as votes FOR or WITHHELD with respect to such election, and also will not 13 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS be counted as shares voting on such matter. Accordingly, abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the voting on a matter that requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voting on the matter. With respect to Proposals One, Four, Five and Six, shareholders may vote FOR, AGAINST or ABSTAIN; however, abstentions will not be counted as votes FOR or AGAINST the proposal and will have no effect on the outcome of the vote. Under the NYSE rules, brokers or nominees are entitled to vote shares held for a beneficial owner on routine matters, such as the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent auditors, without instructions from the beneficial owner of those shares. However, absent instructions from the beneficial owner of such shares, a nominee is not entitled to vote shares held for a beneficial owner on certain non-routine matters. Accordingly, if you hold your shares in street name, it is critical that you arrange to exercise your voting right if you want it to count on all matters to be decided at the Meeting. How many votes are needed to hold the Meeting and approve the proposals and how does the Board recommend that I vote? To conduct the Meeting, the Company must have a quorum, which is two persons present and each entitled to vote and holding or representing by proxy not less than 33% of the votes entitled to be cast at the Meeting. The table below shows the votes needed to approve each of the proposals, as further described in each of the proposals and the Board s recommendation for voting on each proposal. Proposals Votes Required Board Recommendation 1 Special resolution to determine the number of directors on the Board and the number of directors to be elected at the Meeting to be ten (10) Two thirds of the votes cast at the Meeting FOR the proposal. FOR 2 Election of ten nominees to serve as directors for a term of one year each expiring at the next annual meeting of the Company The ten nominees receiving the highest number of affirmative votes cast at the Meeting will be elected, unless WITHHOLD votes for any nominee are greater than FOR votes, in which case, such nominee will be required to promptly tender his or her resignation. WITHHOLD votes are not counted otherwise. See Proposal Two: Election of Directors Questions and Answers about the Election of Directors Might directors be required to resign following the Meeting? on page 17 for more information. FOR each nominee 3 Appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s auditor until the next annual meeting of the Company and the authorization of the Audit Committee to fix the remuneration of the auditors Majority of votes cast at the Meeting voting FOR the proposal. For purposes of determining the number of votes cast, only FOR or WITHHOLD votes are counted. As such, abstentions are not treated as votes cast and are not counted in the determination of the outcome of the proposal. FOR 4 Annual non-binding, advisory vote on named executive officer compensation Majority of votes cast at the Meeting voting FOR the proposal. This is an advisory vote and, while not binding on us, our Board and Compensation Committee value the opinions of all of our shareholders and will consider the outcome of this vote when making future decisions on executive compensation. FOR 5 Special resolution to empower the directors of the Company, by resolution of the directors, to determine the number of directors within the minimum and maximum number set out in the Articles Two thirds of the votes cast at the Meeting FOR the proposal. FOR 6 A shareholder proposal as described in Appendix B Majority of votes cast at the Meeting voting FOR the proposal. AGAINST 14 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Will my shares be voted if I do not vote by phone, internet or sign and return my proxy card or voting instruction form? If your shares are registered in your name and you do not vote by phone, internet or sign and return your proxy card, or attend and vote online at the Meeting, your shares will not be voted at the Meeting. If your shares are held through an account with a brokerage firm, bank, dealer or other nominee, your brokerage firm or other nominee may vote your shares on certain routine matters as described above. Only Proposal Three, the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as the Company s auditor until the next annual meeting of the Company and the authorization of the Audit Committee to fix the remuneration of the auditors, is expected to be considered to be a routine matter at the Meeting. For your vote to be counted with respect to non-routine matters, you will need to communicate your voting decisions to your brokerage firm, bank, dealer or other nominee in accordance with the procedures they provide. How are votes counted? If your instructions as to voting in any instrument of proxy or voting instruction form are certain, your shares will be voted, withheld or abstained from voting in accordance with your instructions. If you do not specify a choice in the proxy card as to any of the following matters, and one of the proxy holders recommended by management is appointed as proxy holder, your shares will be voted FOR the election of each director nominee named in this Proxy Statement and FOR each of Proposals One and Three, Four and Five, and AGAINST Proposal Six, as recommended by the Board as further described in each of the proposals. Voting results will be tabulated and certified by a representative of Broadridge, or such other entity as may be selected by the Company, as the scrutineer of the Meeting. What happens if additional matters are presented at the Meeting? Management of the Company is not aware of any amendments to or variations of any of the matters identified in the enclosed Notice of Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders nor of any other business which may be brought before the Meeting. When you vote by internet, phone or mail, you will confer discretionary authority upon a proxy holder named in the instrument of proxy to vote your shares on any amendments or variations to the matters identified in the accompanying Notice of Annual and Special Meeting and on any other matter that may properly be brought before the Meeting in respect of which such proxy has been granted, subject to any limitations imposed by law. Where can I find the voting results of the Meeting? The Company will publish the voting results of the Meeting in a Current Report on Form 8-K, which is required to be filed with the SEC at www.sec.gov within four business days after the date of the Meeting and on the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval Plus ( SEDAR+ ) at www.sedarplus.ca. How can I obtain additional information, including a copy of the Proxy Statement and the 2025 Annual Report? The Company will mail, without charge to any registered holder or beneficial owner of Common Shares and/or Subordinate Voting Shares, upon written request, a copy of its 2025 Annual Report, including its annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, containing the consolidated financial statements, management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, schedules and list of exhibits, and any particular exhibit specifically requested, any interim financial statements of the Company and the relevant management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations that have been filed with securities regulators for any period after the end of the Company s most recently completed financial year and the Company s proxy statement in respect of its most recent annual meeting of shareholders. Requests should be sent to our Corporate Secretary at 9500 Glenlyon Parkway, Burnaby, British Columbia V5J 0C6, Canada. The Company may require payment of a reasonable charge for reproduction if a person that is not a registered shareholder or beneficial owner of Common Shares and/or Subordinate Voting Shares makes the request. This Proxy Statement, the 2025 Annual Report and additional information relating to the Company are also available at https://investor.rbglobal.com, on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov. Financial information is provided in the Company s comparative financial statements and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2025 as contained in the Company s 2025 Annual Report. 15 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSAL ONE: DETERMINING NUMBER OF DIRECTORS TO BE 10 Overview The Articles provide that the Board shall consist of a minimum number of three (3) and maximum number of twelve (12) directors, with the exact number to be fixed from time to time by the shareholders of the Company in accordance with the Business Corporations Act (Ontario) (the OBCA ). At the Meeting, shareholders will be asked to consider and, if deemed advisable, to pass a special resolution to determine the number of directors on the Board and the number of directors to be elected at the Meeting to be ten (10), until changed in accordance with applicable law and the Articles. The Board believes that determining the number of directors to be ten will allow the Board to continue to operate efficiently while maintaining an appropriate mix of skills, experience and independence to effectively oversee the Company s business and affairs. Recommendation of the Board At the Meeting, shareholders will be asked to consider and, if deemed advisable, to pass, with or without variation, the following special resolution: BE IT RESOLVED, as a special resolution of the shareholders of the Company that: The number of directors of the Company and the number of directors to be elected at the Meeting, within the minimum and maximum number of directors of the Company provided for in the Articles be and is hereby determined to be ten (10). The Board recommends a vote FOR the special resolution determining the number of directors to be ten (10). PROPOSAL TWO: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Questions and Answers about the Election of Directors What is the current composition of the Board? The Articles require the Board to have at least three (3) and no more than twelve (12) directors. The current Board is composed of the following ten directors: Robert Elton, Jim Kessler, Brian Bales, Adam DeWitt, Gregory Morrison, Tim O Day, Sarah Raiss, Michael Sieger, Debbie Stein, and Carol Stephenson. 16 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Is the Board divided into classes? How long is the term? No, the Board is not divided into classes. All directors are elected for one-year terms to hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders unless he or she sooner ceases to hold office. Who can nominate individuals for election as directors? Shareholders may nominate director candidates pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of the Company s By-laws No. 2 (the By-laws ), which includes advance notice provisions for nominations of directors by shareholders, and of the OBCA. The advance notice provisions require advance notice to the Company of nominations for persons for election to the Board in circumstances where nominations are made other than pursuant to a shareholder proposal made in accordance with the provisions of the OBCA or a requisition of shareholders made in accordance with the OBCA. Shareholders should note that nominations for directors must be made in compliance with the procedures in the By-laws, which include requirements to notify the Company in writing in advance of an intention to nominate directors for election to the Board prior to any annual or special meeting of shareholders and sets forth the information that a shareholder must include in such notice. Please see the information under Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations on page 97 . The Company has not received any director nominations in connection with the Meeting. Who is standing for election this year? The following ten individuals are being nominated by or at the direction of the Board, based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee: Jim Kessler Robert G. Elton Brian Bales Adam DeWitt Chloe Harford Gregory B. Morrison Tim O Day Michael Sieger Debbie Stein Carol M. Stephenson Each of the nominees, except Mr. Kessler, qualifies as independent under applicable NYSE listing standards and Canadian securities laws and regulations. See Corporate Governance Independence of the Directors on page 26 for a summary of how independence is determined. Additional information concerning the above nominees, including their ages, positions and offices held with the Company, and terms of office as directors, is set forth below under Information Concerning the Nominees to the Board of Directors on page 18 . What if a nominee is unable or unwilling to serve? If any one or more of the nominees named in this Proxy Statement is unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, then the persons voting the accompanying proxy may in their discretion vote for a substitute. The persons named in the enclosed form of proxy intend to vote for the election of any such substitute nominee. Each of the nominees has agreed to serve, if elected, and the Board is not presently aware of any reason that would prevent any nominee from serving as a director if elected. How are nominees elected? In the election of directors, you may vote FOR or WITHHOLD for each or any of the nominees. The ten nominees receiving the highest number of votes cast remotely or by proxy at the Meeting FOR their election will be elected as directors. Each of the ten nominees is uncontested. Might directors be required to resign following the Meeting? Yes. The Board has adopted a majority voting policy that will apply to any uncontested election of directors. Pursuant to this policy, any nominee for director who receives a greater number of votes marked WITHHOLD than votes FOR such election will promptly tender his or her resignation to the Chair of the Board following the Meeting. The Board s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider the offer of resignation and make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept it. In making its recommendation with respect to a director s resignation, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider, in the best interests of the Company, the action to be taken with respect to such offered resignation. The recommended action may include (i) accepting the resignation; (ii) recommending that the director continue on the Board but addressing what the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes to be the underlying reasons why shareholders withheld votes for election from such director; or (iii) rejecting the resignation. 17 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee would be expected to recommend that the Board accept the resignation except in extenuating circumstances. The Board will consider the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation within 90 days following the Company s annual meeting, and in considering such recommendation, the Board will consider the factors taken into account by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and such additional information and factors that the Board considers to be relevant. The Board will promptly disclose its decision by a press release, such press release to include the reasons for rejecting the resignation, if applicable. A director who tenders his or her resignation pursuant to the majority voting policy will not be permitted to participate in any meeting of the Board or the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee at which the resignation is considered. If the resignation is accepted, subject to applicable law, the Board may leave the resultant vacancy unfilled until the next annual general meeting, fill the vacancy through the appointment of a new director whom the Board considers to merit the confidence of the shareholders, or call a special meeting of shareholders at which there will be presented one or more nominees to fill any vacancy or vacancies. May additional directors be appointed by the Board between annual general meetings? If Proposal Five is approved by shareholders at the Meeting, the actual number of directors on the Board will be determined by the Board. Subject to the maximum number of directors permitted under the Articles, the Board has the power to increase the number of directors at any time between annual meetings of shareholders and appoint one or more additional directors, provided that the total number of directors so appointed shall not exceed one-third of the number of directors elected at the previous annual meeting. Information Concerning the Nominees to the Board of Directors The following section provides information with respect to the nominees to our Board. Directors are to be elected for a one-year term expiring at our next annual meeting unless he or she sooner ceases to hold office (if the director dies or resigns, is removed by resolution of the shareholders or becomes disqualified from being a director under the OBCA). As previously disclosed on March 16, 2026, Sarah Raiss notified the Company of her decision to retire from service on the Board following the completion of her current term. Consequently, Ms. Raiss will not stand for re-election to the Board at the Company s Meeting. The Company and the Board would like to thank Ms. Raiss, who has served as a director since 2016, for her service, guidance, and many contributions to the Company, particularly during a very transformative time in our history. The Company and the Board are committed to replacing Ms. Raiss spot on the Board with the most highly qualified candidate. One of the factors to be considered is the goal that at least 30% of the members of the Board be female. The Company has nominated Chloe Harford to replace Ms. Raiss. Ms. Harford was selected for nomination after being identified to the Company by a third-party search firm. The Company is confident that Ms. Harford s experience and skills, as more fully set forth below in this Proxy Statement, make her the best candidate for this position on the Board. The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believe that each director nominee brings a strong set of attributes and qualifications and that together these director nominees would create an effective and well-functioning Board that will continue to serve the Company and our shareholders well. Included in each director nominee s biography below is a summary describing the key attributes and qualifications of the nominees upon which the decisions to nominate were made. Information below regarding shares owned, controlled or directed, Deferred Share Units ( DSUs ) issued under the Company s Non-Executive Director Deferred Share Unit Plan, and stock options, restricted share units ( RSUs ) and performance share units ( PSUs ) granted under the Company s equity incentive plans is given as of March 6, 2026. 18 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Robert George Elton Independent Age: 74 Residence: Vancouver, B.C., Canada Director since: April 30, 2012 Shares owned, controlled or directed: 1,471 Common Shares DSUs held: 32,822.65 RSUs held: 5,862.00 Committees: None (Chair of the Board) Voting results 2025: Votes For: 165,597,450 Percentage For: 98.14% Key attributes and qualifications Robert Elton was elected to the Board in 2012. Mr. Elton s experience in senior executive positions during the course of the past 25 years brings strong leadership and management skills to the Company. Mr. Elton held executive roles at Vancouver City Savings Credit Union from 2013 to 2017, including Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer. Mr. Elton served as an adjunct professor at the University of British Columbia s Sauder School of Business. Mr. Elton was President and Chief Executive Officer of BC Hydro, a government-owned electric utility, from 2003 to 2009. Prior to this he was Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer of BC Hydro (2002 2003), Powerex (2001 2002), a subsidiary of BC Hydro, and Eldorado Gold Corporation (1996 2001) (TSX: ELD ; NYSE: EGO ; ASX: EAU ). Mr. Elton spent over 20 years with PriceWaterhouseCoopers and predecessor firms, becoming partner in 1987 before leaving the firm in 1996. He is a Fellow of the Canadian Chartered Professional Accountants (FCPA.FCA) and has a Master of Arts degree from Cambridge University, U.K. Past directorships (past five years) Corix Utilities, a private utility infrastructure company Director, Chair of the Human Resources Committee Jim Kessler Not Independent Age: 53 Residence: Norwood, PA, USA Director since: August 1, 2023 Shares owned, controlled or directed: 109,425 Common Shares PSUs held: 365,263.99 RSUs held: 90,979.25 Stock Options held: 283,434 Committees: None (CEO) Voting results 2025: Votes For: 168,459,097 Percentage For: 99.84% Key attributes and qualifications Jim Kessler was appointed Chief Operations Officer of RB Global in 2020, was promoted to President and Chief Operations Officer in 2021, and was promoted to Chief Executive Officer in August of 2023. Before joining RB Global, he served as a senior leader for two decades in the automotive industry, including as President, Emerging Business at Caliber Collision from 2019 to 2020 and as Chief Operations Officer of ABRA Auto Body and Glass from 2017 to 2019. At ABRA, he oversaw operations, procurement, and growth initiatives, including the integration of the merger between ABRA and Caliber Collision, which created the first national collision repair provider in the United States. He also held a variety of senior leadership positions at vRide, City Sports and Pep Boys. He holds an undergraduate degree and MBA from Saint Joseph s University. 19 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Brian Bales Independent Age: 63 Residence: Scottsdale, AZ, USA Director since: March 20, 2023 Shares owned, controlled or directed: 6,400.55 Common Shares DSUs held: 2,223.98 RSUs held: 4,599.00 Committees: Audit Committee Voting results 2025: Votes For: 168,457,685 Percentage For: 99.84% Key attributes and qualifications Mr. Bales was appointed to the Board in 2023. Mr. Bales has significant management experience, including as a leader at a Fortune 300 company. Mr. Bales extensive experience in business strategy and transformational growth (including mergers acquisitions and related integration, risk management oversight, commercial real estate infrastructure development, capital markets, capital allocation and investor relations) enables him to provide the Board with additional perspectives on the Company s operations. Mr. Bales has also had extensive leadership oversight of environmental investments and operations. Mr. Bales is currently the Executive Vice President and Chief Development Officer of Republic Services, a leader in the U.S. environmental services industry. Prior to his current role, Mr. Bales served as the Executive Vice President of Business Development at Republic Services from 2008 to 2015, and as Vice President of Corporate Development from 1998 to 2008. Before joining Republic Services, Mr. Bales held roles at Ryder System from 1993 to 1998 and as Chief Financial Officer for EDIFEX VTA Communications from 1988 to 1993. Mr. Bales began his professional career as an accountant with Price Waterhouse, now PricewaterhouseCoopers, and worked there from 1986 to 1988. Mr. Bales holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the University of Tennessee and is a Certified Public Accountant. Past directorships (past five years) IAA, Inc., a previously publicly traded auto auction company Adam DeWitt Independent Age: 53 Residence: Chicago, IL, USA Director since: May 5, 2020 Shares owned, controlled or directed: 4,000 Common Shares DSUs held: 8,607.39 RSUs held: 3,776.93 Committees: Audit Committee (Chair) Voting results 2025: Votes For: 168,278,934 Percentage For: 99.73% Key attributes and qualifications Adam DeWitt was appointed to the Board in 2020. Mr. DeWitt s experience in senior executive positions during the past 20 years brings strong leadership and management skills to the Company. In March 2026, Mr. DeWitt became the Chief Executive Officer of Honk Technologies, Inc., a privately-held innovative roadside-assistance platform, following a merger with Curbside SOS Inc., where he was previously the Chief Executive Officer. Prior to Curbside SOS, Mr. DeWitt was the Chief Executive Officer of Grubhub, Inc., where he led all functions of the U.S. business from June 2021 to April 2023. Prior to that role, Mr. DeWitt was Grubhub s President (since 2018) and Chief Financial Officer (since 2011). During his tenure of a decade at the company, Grubhub s annual revenues grew from $20 million to more than $2 billion, and he led the company through its initial public offering in 2014, 13 subsequent acquisitions and eventual sale for $7 billion. Before joining Grubhub, Mr. DeWitt was the Chief Financial Officer of publicly-traded optionsXpress Holdings, Inc. He is also a member of the board of directors of privately-held ShipBob, Inc., the leading provider of fulfillment for small to mid-size businesses and The Joffrey Ballet, and is a member of the board of trustees of the Bernard Zell Anshe Emet Day School. Mr. DeWitt holds an A.B. in Economics from Dartmouth College. Past directorships (past five years) Fathom Digital Manufacturing Corporation (NYSE: FATH ), an advanced manufacturing services company Treehouse Foods (NYSE: THS ), a previously publicly traded private label snack and beverage manufacturer, where he chaired the audit committee and served on the compensation committee 20 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Chloe Harford Independent Age: 51 Residence: Seattle, WA, USA Director since: Newly Proposed Director Shares owned, controlled or directed: nil DSUs held: nil RSUs held: nil Committees: Newly Proposed Director Voting results 2025: Newly Proposed Director Key attributes and qualifications Chloe Harford is a seasoned independent board director and senior product, strategy and business executive with over 20 years of experience scaling global digital, data-driven marketplaces and platform businesses. She has helped guide companies from pre-launch through IPO and to more than $2 billion in annual revenue, including as a founding team member at Zillow Group, Inc. (an online real estate marketplace) (NASDAQ: Z ). Ms. Harford s industry experience spans digital marketplaces, proptech, fintech, SaaS, B2C, B2B, internet media and sustainability, with a consistent focus on customer-centric product-led growth and monetization. Ms. Harford has served as a board member of Roofstock, Inc. (an online marketplace for investing in rental homes) since 2021 and serves as an advisor to several AI-native startups. Previously, Ms. Harford served as Vice President, Product at OfferUp, Inc. (an online marketplace for buying and selling goods including electronics, furniture and cars) from 2017 to 2018 and in various roles at Zillow Group, Inc. from 2005 to 2017, including as Vice President, Strategy from 2015 to 2017. Ms. Harford holds an M.A. in Natural Sciences from the University of Cambridge, a Ph.D. from the University of Bristol and an M.B.A. from INSEAD. Other directorships Roofstock, Inc., a private online marketplace for investing in rental homes Past directorships (past five years) CIAN PLC, a previously publicly traded online real estate marketplace Gregory B. Morrison Independent Age: 66 Residence: Fernandina Beach, FL, USA Director since: May 7, 2024 Shares owned, controlled or directed: 2,665 DSUs held: nil RSUs held: 1,911.93 Committees: Audit Committee Compensation Committee Voting results 2025: Votes For: 168,157,419 Percentage For: 99.66% Key attributes and qualifications Gregory B. Morrison was elected to the Board in 2024. Mr. Morrison is the former Senior Vice President and Corporate Chief Information Officer for Cox Enterprises, Inc., a communications, media and automotive company, a role he held from February 2002 until his retirement in January 2020. During his 18 years at Cox, Mr. Morrison was responsible for providing corporate strategic planning, policy development and management of all information technology systems, leveraging deployment of new information technology across the company s operations and overseeing cybersecurity matters. Prior to his role at Cox, Mr. Morrison served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of RealEstate.com in 2000 and held various information and technology leadership roles, including CIO, at Prudential Financial from 1989 to 2002. Mr. Morrison has extensive knowledge and expertise with cybersecurity, large-scale business transformations and technology deployments, and the development of key technological advances that help improve manual business processes. Mr. Morrison was named among the industry s top performing Chief Information Officers who have shown unparalleled leadership to drive innovation and transformation in businesses. Mr. Morrison was a commissioned officer in the US Army from 1982 to 1989. Mr. Morrison received a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics and Physics from South Carolina State University, and a Master of Science in Industrial Engineering from Northwestern University. Other directorships Rollins Inc. (NYSE: ROL ), where he chairs the Human Capital and Compensation Committee and serves on the Audit Committee Past directorships (past five years) Veritiv Corp (acquired by Clayton, Dubilier Rice), including on its Audit and Finance Committee and Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Veritex Holdings (Bank) (NASDAQ: VBTX ), where he chaired the Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee and the Technology Committee and served on the Audit Committee 21 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Timothy O Day Independent Age: 67 Residence: Chicago, IL, USA Director since: March 20, 2023 Shares owned, controlled or directed: 1,500 Common Shares DSUs held: 2,223.98 RSUs held: 4,599.00 Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Compensation Committee Voting results 2025: Votes For: 164,944,095 Percentage For: 97.76% Key attributes and qualifications Mr. O Day was appointed to the Board in 2023. Mr. O Day is a seasoned automotive industry executive and operator and the past President and Chief Executive Officer and board member of Boyd Group Services Inc., one of the largest automotive collision repair and glass repair and replacement companies in the world. Mr. O Day had worked in the automotive collision business since joining Gerber Collision Glass in 1998 as Vice President of Operations. After Gerber Collision Glass was acquired by Boyd in 2004, Mr. O Day joined Boyd to run their US operations. In his tenure, Mr. O Day has helped Boyd grow from approximately 50 locations to over 1,000 locations by the end of 2022. Mr. O Day started his career in internal audit at a public company. Past directorships (past five years) Boyd Group Services Inc. (NYSE: BGSI ), a publicly traded collision repair company Michael Sieger Independent Age: 64 Residence: Miami Beach, FL, USA Director since: March 20, 2023 Shares owned, controlled or directed: 5,971 Common Shares DSUs held: 2,223.98 RSUs held: 1,911.93 Committees: Compensation Committee (Chair) Voting results 2025: Votes For: 166,909,338 Percentage For: 98.92% Key attributes and qualifications Michael Sieger was appointed to the Board in 2023. Mr. Sieger brings to the Board extensive experience and leadership in the automotive insurance industry from over three decades with The Progressive Corporation (NYSE: PGR ). Mr. Sieger possesses strong public company executive management experience, as well as significant strategic planning and operational experience. Mr. Sieger retired from Progressive in January 2022, where he had served as its Claims President since 2015. Mr. Sieger also held various other positions at Progressive from 1990 to 2015, including as its General Manager Claims Process from 2007 to 2015, General Manager Northeast Field Claims from 1999 to 2007, General Manager WA and PA from 1996 to 1999, Product Manager MS from 1992 to 1996 and Product Manager Corporate Marketing from 1990 to 1992. Prior to joining Progressive, Mr. Sieger served as a consultant at Frank Lynn Associates from 1989 to 1990. Mr. Sieger holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from Case Western Reserve University and an MBA from the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business. Other directorships Crash Champions, LLC, a private collision repair company Past directorships (past five years) IAA, Inc., a previously publicly traded auto auction company 22 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Debbie Stein Independent Age: 65 Residence: Calgary, AB, Canada Director since: May 7, 2024 Shares owned, controlled or directed: 1,000 DSUs held: nil RSUs held: 4,599 Committees: Audit Committee Voting results 2025: Votes For: 166,501,352 Percentage For: 98.68% Key attributes and qualifications Debbie Stein was elected to the Board in 2024.Ms. Stein brings extensive experience in infrastructure, energy and utility sectors to the Company. Ms. Stein has previously served as Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Financial Officer of AltaGas Ltd. from 2008-2015, and CFO and Corporate Secretary of Alta Gas Utilities from 2005 to 2008. Ms. Stein has also held positions in TC Energy Corporation, Wendy s Restaurants of Canada and Paramount s Canada s Wonderland. Ms. Stein holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics (Hons.) from York University and is a Fellow of Chartered Professional Accountants (FCPA, CPA), and holds the ESG Global Competent Boards Designation and the ICD.D. Other directorships Aecon Group Inc. (OTCMKTS: AEGXF ) (TSX: ARE ) since 2019, where she chairs the Audit Committee and serves on the Corporate Governance, Nominating and Compensation Committee Trican Well Service Ltd. (OTCMKTS: TOLWF ) (TSX: TCW ) since 2016 where she chairs the Corporate Governance Committee and serves on the Audit Committee Washington Gas Light Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of AltaGas Ltd. (OTCMKTS: ATGFF ) (TSX: ALA ) since 2019 Ontario Teacher s Pension Plan since 2023, where she chairs the Audit and Actuarial Committee, and serves on the Investment Committee and the Governance Committee Past directorships (past five years) Parkland Corporation from 2016, where she chaired the Environment, Safety and Sustainability Committee and the Audit Committee, and served on the Governance, Nominating and Ethics Committee NuVista Energy Ltd. (OTCMKTS: NUVSF ) (TSX: NVA ) where she chaired the Audit Committee and served on the ESG Committee Carol M. Stephenson Independent Age: 75 Residence: London, ON, Canada Director since: April 27, 2022 Shares owned, controlled or directed: 4,320 DSUs held: 4,292.82 RSUs held: 4,599.00 Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (Chair) Compensation Committee Voting results 2025: Votes For: 166,304,935 Percentage For: 98.56% Key attributes and qualifications Carol Stephenson was elected to the Board in 2022. Ms. Stephenson served as Dean of the Ivey Business School at Western University from 2003 until her retirement in 2013. Prior to joining the Ivey Business School, she was President and CEO of Lucent Technologies Canada from 1999 to 2003 and a member of the Advisory Board of General Motors of Canada, Limited, a GM subsidiary, from 2005 to 2009. Ms. Stephenson has been a board member of Mattamy Asset Management since 2020. Ms. Stephenson has previously served on the boards of General Motors Corporation (NYSE: GM ) (2009 to 2023), Maple Leaf Foods, Inc. (TSE: MFI ) (2016 to 2023), Ballard Power Systems, Inc. (2012 to 2017), Intact Financial Corporation (2004 to 2021), Manitoba Telecom Services, Inc. (2008 to 2016) and Sears Canada, Inc. (2001 to 2006). Ms. Stephenson is an officer of the Order of Canada. Ms. Stephenson is a graduate of the University of Toronto. She completed the Executive Program at the Graduate School of Business Administration, University of California and the Advanced Management Program at Harvard University. She holds two honorary doctorates from Ryerson Polytechnic University and Western University. Other directorships Mattamy Asset Management (Private), an asset manager Director Past directorships (past five years) General Motors Company (NYSE: GM ), a publicly traded automotive manufacturing company Director, Chair of the Compensation Committee Maple Leaf Foods, Inc. (TSE: MFI ), a publicly traded consumer packaged meats company Director, Chair of the Corporate Governance Committee Intact Financial Corporation (TSX: IFC ), a property and casualty insurance company Director Recommendation of the Board The Board recommends a vote FOR each of the nominees. 23 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS INFORMATION CONCERNING OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our current executive officers, other than Jim Kessler, whose information may be found under Proposal Two: Election of Directors Information Concerning the Nominees to the Board of Directors on page 18 . Eric Guerin Chief Financial Officer Age: 54 Eric Guerin was appointed as the Company s Chief Financial Officer effective January 15, 2024. He brings extensive senior executive financial leadership experience to the Company. Most recently, Mr. Guerin served as the Chief Financial Officer of Veritiv Corporation, a leading distributor of packaging, facility solutions, and print products, from March 1, 2023 until its acquisition in November of 2023. Mr. Guerin previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CDK Global, Inc., a provider of retail technology and software-as-a-service solutions until its acquisition in July of 2022. Mr. Guerin also served as Division Vice President, Finance and as Division Vice President and Sector Chief Financial Officer, Corning Glass Technologies from September 2016 through January 2021 for Corning Incorporated, a provider of specialty glass, ceramics and related materials and technologies for industrial and scientific applications. Earlier in his career, Mr. Guerin served in a number of financial management roles for various public companies, including Flowserve Corporation, Novartis and Johnson Johnson. Mr. Guerin serves as a member of the board of directors for Skyworks Solutions, Inc. Mr. Guerin earned the designations of CPA CMA* and obtained a Masters of Business Administration from St. John s University and a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from the College of Staten Island. *inactive Steve Lewis Chief Operations Officer Age: 51 Steve Lewis was appointed Chief Operations Officer of RB Global in 2024. He brings with him extensive senior leadership experience in operations and supply chain management, as well as a honed approach to driving business growth through operational excellence. Before joining RB Global, Mr. Lewis was Division President at GXO Logistics from 2023 to 2024, where he was responsible for the operational processes, technological capabilities and safety standards at more than 120 distribution centers across numerous verticals and products, including industrial, manufacturing and automotive. Mr. Lewis served as SVP, Commercial at GXO Logistics from 2021 to 2023 and as VP, Solutions Strategy at XPO Logistics, a leading provider of freight transportation services, from 2019 to 2021. Mr. Lewis also held leadership positions at Penn Power Group, a provider of fleet services for highway equipment, transport refrigeration and power generation. Mr. Lewis is a retired U.S. Naval Officer, with over 20 years of operations and supply chain experience in the areas of product development, continuous improvement and lifecycle logistics. Mr. Lewis is a member of the Supply Chain Advisory Board at the University of Kansas. He holds an undergraduate degree from Chaminade University and a Master of Managerial Economics from the University of Oklahoma. 24 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Jen Schmit Chief People Officer Age: 46 Jen Schmit was appointed as the Chief People Officer at RB Global in 2025. With over 20 years of leadership experience in Human Resources, she has spearheaded talent initiatives across various sectors, including automotive, healthcare, retail and consumer packaged goods. Before joining RB Global, Ms. Schmit held multiple leadership roles at Caliber Collision, a prominent automotive services provider with over 1,800 locations throughout the United States. From 2016 to 2024, she progressively advanced to become the Senior Vice President of Talent Development, where she led the company s talent strategy and workforce development vision. Prior to Caliber, Ms. Schmit led the Talent Acquisition function at Schwan Food Company from 2013 to 2016. Ms. Schmit holds a Bachelor of Science in Human Resources from the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse and completed the Executive Program at UCLA Anderson School of Management in 2021. Darren Watt Chief Legal Officer Age: 54 Darren Watt joined the Company in 2004 as in-house legal counsel. In 2012, Mr. Watt was promoted to Vice President Legal Affairs, and in 2013 was appointed General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. On August 29, 2016, Mr. Watt was promoted to Senior Vice President General Counsel. In April of 2023 he was promoted to Chief Legal Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Watt practiced with McCarthy T trault LLP (1998 2004) as an Associate lawyer in the area of Corporate Finance Securities. Mr. Watt is a member of the Law Society of British Columbia and holds a Law Degree from the University of British Columbia, as well as an Honours Bachelor of Arts degree (International Relations) from the University of Toronto. 25 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Overview The Board and the Company believe that excellent corporate governance practices are essential for the effective and prudent operation of the Company and for enhancing shareholder value. The Board s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing and, if necessary, recommending changes to the Company s corporate governance practices. Structure and Members of the Board The Articles require the Board to have at least three (3) and no more than twelve (12) directors. The current Board is comprised of the following ten directors: Jim Kessler Adam DeWitt Sarah Raiss Carol M. Stephenson Robert G. Elton Timothy O Day Michael Sieger Brian Bales Gregory B. Morrison Debbie Stein Independence of the Directors The Board is comprised of a majority of independent directors as defined under the applicable rules of the NYSE and National Instruments 58-101 Disclosure of Corporate Governance Practices ( NI 58-101 ) and 52-110 Audit Committees ( NI 52-110 ) adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators. The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines define independence in accordance with the independence rules under the corporate governance rules of the NYSE, TSX, and applicable securities laws and regulations. The Corporate Governance Guidelines also require the Board to review the independence of all directors at least annually. The NYSE listing standards provide that no director qualifies as independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that such director has no material relationship with the Company and NI 58-101 and NI 52-110 provide, in effect, that an independent director is a person that has no direct or indirect material relationship with the Company (defined to mean a relationship which could, in the view of the Board, be reasonably expected to interfere with the exercise of the director s independent judgment). The NYSE listing standards and NI 52-110 set forth specific categories of relationships that disqualify a director from being independent. For relationships not covered by these criteria, the determination of whether a relationship is material or not, and therefore whether the director would be independent, will be made by the independent directors, considering all relevant facts and circumstances, whether such relationship is material. When reviewing the independence of each director nominee, the Board considered whether any of the director nominees have a material relationship with the Company. The Board s independence determination was based on information provided by the director nominees. As a result of this review, the Board affirmatively determined that Robert Elton, Brian Bales, Adam DeWitt, Gregory Morrison, Timothy O Day, Michael Sieger, Debbie Stein and Carol Stephenson, representing all of the non-executive director nominees, are independent within the meaning of the applicable rules of the NYSE and NI 58-101 and NI 52-110. The Board also previously determined that Sarah Raiss, who is not standing for re-election at the Meeting, qualified as independent under the applicable rules during her service on the Board, including in 2025. Mr. Kessler is not considered independent given his employment as CEO of the Company. There were no undisclosed transactions, relationships or arrangements that required consideration by the Board for purposes of determining director independence in 2025. 26 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Meetings of the Board and Board Member Attendance at Annual Meeting In the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board held six (6) Board meetings and additional working sessions or update calls. The independent Board members held executive sessions without management of the Company present at each of its meetings. Each of our directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of our Board during the period that the director served on our Board and the total number of meetings of all committees of our Board on which he or she served during the year ended December 31, 2025. Agenda and materials in relation to Board and Board committee meetings are generally circulated to directors for their review in advance of meetings. The following table presents information about attendance by incumbent director nominees at Board and committee meetings for the year ended December 31, 2025. Director Board Meetings 1 Audit Committee Meetings Compensation Committee Meetings Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Meetings Jim Kessler 6/6 Robert G. Elton 6/6 Brian Bales 6/6 4/5 Adam DeWitt 6/6 5/5 Tim O Day 6/6 4/4 3/3 Gregory B. Morrison 6/6 5/5 4/4 Sarah Raiss 6/6 3/3 Michael Sieger 6/6 4/4 Debbie Stein 6/6 5/5 Carol M. Stephenson 6/6 4/4 3/3 1. Excludes additional working sessions and/or update calls held by the Board during 2025. Board members are encouraged but not required to attend the annual general meeting of shareholders. All directors serving on the Board at such time attended the 2025 Annual and Special Meeting of shareholders. Independent Chair Robert Elton is the current Board Chair and is an independent director. Under the description of the position adopted by the Board, the Board Chair is responsible for overseeing the management, development and effective performance of the Board, and taking all reasonable measures to ensure that the Board fully executes its mandate and that directors clearly understand and respect the boundaries between the Board s and management s responsibilities. See also Board Leadership Structure on page 33 and Director Term Limits and Board Renewal on page 32 . Board Mandate The mandate of the Board is to supervise management of the Company and to act in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board acts in accordance with its formal mandate and: the OBCA; the Articles and By-laws; the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; the charters of the Board committees, including the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee; the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines; and other applicable laws and Company policies. The Board or its designated committees approve significant decisions that affect the Company and its subsidiaries before they are implemented. The Board or a designated committee oversees the implementation of such decisions and reviews the results. 27 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The Board meets with the CEO and other executive officers of the Company from time to time to discuss and review internal measures and systems adopted by management to ensure a culture of integrity throughout the organization. The Board is involved in the Company s strategic planning process. The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving strategic initiatives, taking into account the risks and opportunities of the business. Management updates the Board on the Company s performance in relation to strategic initiatives at least quarterly. Management undertakes an annual strategic planning process, with regular Board involvement in the process and review and approval of the resulting strategic plan. The frequency of meetings and the nature of agenda items change depending upon the state of the Company s affairs. The Board is responsible for overseeing the identification of the principal risks of the Company and ensuring that risk management systems are implemented. The principal risks of the Company include those related to the Company s integration of acquisitions, the Company s underwritten business, ability to sustain and manage growth, its reputation and industry. The Board oversees the Company s adoption of risk management practices, including a comprehensive enterprise risk management program, and the Board regularly reviews and provides input on the same. See also the discussion under Board s Role in Risk Oversight on page 34 . The Board is responsible for the selection and performance of the CEO, and the appointment of other executive officers. The Compensation Committee is responsible for developing guidelines and procedures for selection as well as long-range and emergency succession planning for the CEO. See the discussions under Executive Chief Executive Officer Succession Planning on page 31 . The Board reviews all the Company s financial communications, including annual and quarterly reports. The Company communicates with its stakeholders through a number of channels including its website. The Board oversees the Company s disclosure policy, which requires, among other things, the accurate and timely communication of all material information as required by applicable law. The Audit Committee meets regularly to review reports from management of the Company and discuss specific risk areas with management and the external auditors. The Board, through the Audit Committee, oversees the effectiveness and integrity of the Company s internal control processes and management information systems. The Audit Committee also directly oversees the activities of the Company s external auditors. The Company s Disclosure Committee reports to the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis on the quality of the Company s internal control processes. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing the governance principles of the Company, recommending any changes to these principles, and monitoring their disclosure. This committee is responsible for the corporate governance disclosure included in the Company s proxy statement. Through industry forums and access to professional advisors, the committee keeps abreast of best practices to ensure the Company continues to carry out high standards of corporate governance. The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available on our website at investor.rbglobal.com. As provided in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board, with the assistance of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, determines from time to time the number of directors on the Board, within a range specified in the Company s charter documents. The Board believes that the Board should include ten directors at this time. The Board believes that the current membership of the Board, and the membership of the Board subsequent to the Meeting, reflects appropriate experience and an appropriate number of unrelated and independent directors, and permits the Board to operate in an efficient manner. 28 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Position Descriptions The entire Board is responsible for the overall governance of the Company. Any responsibility that is not delegated to senior management or a Board committee remains with the entire Board. The Board has adopted position descriptions for the CEO and the Board Chair. The charters of the committees of the Board are considered to be position descriptions for the chairs of the committees. The CEO has overall responsibility for all Company operations, subject to Board oversight. The Board reviews and approves the corporate objectives for which the CEO is responsible and such corporate objectives form a key reference point for the review and assessment of the CEO s performance. The Board has defined the limits to management s authority. The Board expects management, among other things, to: set the appropriate tone at the top for all employees of the Company; implement effective succession planning strategies and provide for development of senior management; review the Company s strategies and their implementation in all key areas of the Company s activities, provide relevant reports to the Board related thereto and integrate the Board s input into management s strategic planning for the Company; carry out a comprehensive planning process and monitor the Company s financial performance against the annual plan approved by the Board; and identify opportunities and risks affecting the Company s business, develop and provide relevant reports to the Board related thereto and, in consultation with the Board, implement appropriate mitigation strategies. Orientation and Continuing Education All new directors receive a comprehensive information package, which includes a record of historical public information about the Company, a copy of the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the mandate of the Board and the charters of the Board committees, and other relevant corporate and business information and securities filings. In addition, the Company s orientation for directors involves meeting with the Board Chair, CEO and senior management of the Company for an interactive introductory discussion about the Company and its strategy and operations, and providing the directors with an opportunity to ask questions. New directors are also expected to attend as an observer at least one meeting of each Board committee during their first year. All directors are also encouraged to meet with management informally, visit sites and other Company offices and facilities, and attend town hall meetings on a periodic basis. New Board members joining any of the Board committees also receive committee orientation materials and meetings with the then current applicable committee chairs and relevant members of the management team. Senior management makes regular presentations to the Board on the main areas of the Company s business and updates the Board quarterly on the Company s financial and operating performance. External subject matter experts are also invited to make presentations to the Board on emerging topics of interest on a periodic basis. Directors are encouraged to take relevant professional development courses at the Company s expense, and at times, the Company also recommends appropriate courses and conferences and encourages directors to attend. The Company maintains, at its expense, individual memberships for all directors with the National Association of Corporate Directors and the Institute of Corporate Directors and a number of directors have attended training courses offered to members of these institutions. All directors subscribe to and make regular use of the reference materials provided by these organizations. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics The Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, applicable to all directors, officers and employees, the full text of which can be found on our website at investor.rbglobal.com. Any shareholder may request a paper copy, free of charge, of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by making such request in writing to: RB Global, Inc. Attention: Corporate Secretary 9500 Glenlyon Parkway Burnaby, British Columbia, V5J 0C6, Canada. 29 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The Board and management review and discuss from time to time the effectiveness of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any areas or systems that may be further improved. The Company performs a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics compliance review on an annual basis, and seeks annual confirmation of understanding of and adherence to the Code from all employees throughout the Company and from directors. The Company, through directors and officers questionnaires and other systems, gathers and monitors relevant information in relation to potential conflicts of interest that a director or officer may have. No material change report has been filed that pertains to any conduct of a director or executive officer that constitutes a departure from the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Company complies with the relevant provisions under the OBCA that deal with conflict of interest in the approval of agreements or transactions, and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets out additional guidelines in relation to conflict of interest situations. Specifically, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics includes provisions requiring disclosure and avoidance of conflicts of interest where personal interests interfere, or appear to interfere, with the Company s business responsibilities, including doing business with family members, accepting outside employment, using corporate opportunities for personal benefit, holding interests in outside organizations that impact the Company and regarding the Company not providing corporate loans or extending credit guarantees to or for the personal benefit of directors or officers. The Company was founded on, and the business continues to be successful largely as a result of, a commitment to ethical conduct and doing what is right. Employees are regularly reminded about their obligations in this regard and senior management demonstrates a culture of integrity and monitors employees by being closely engaged with the active operations of the business. The Company has implemented procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, and for the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters or reports of wrongdoing or violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Exemptions or waivers from our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics may only be granted by formal approval of senior management and/or the Audit Committee. The Company will publish any waivers of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for an executive officer or director on our website. The Company had no such waivers in 2025. Further, during 2025, the Company had no transactions where the policies and procedures summarized above required review, approval, or ratification, or where such policies and procedures were not followed. Shareholder and Other Interested Party Communications to the Board In furtherance of its commitment to engaging in constructive and meaningful communication with shareholders, the Company has adopted a formal Shareholder Engagement Policy in order to promote open and sustained dialogue with shareholders and other interested parties in a manner consistent with the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. The Policy outlines topics which are considered suitable for Board-Shareholder communication, including: Board structure and composition Board performance Chief Executive Officer performance Executive compensation philosophy and structure Executive succession philosophy, process and oversight Corporate governance practices and disclosures Board involvement in strategy development and oversight Risk management oversight Shareholders and other interested parties may initiate communications with the Board by directing their questions or concerns to the independent directors through the Board Chair c/o the Corporate Secretary, RB Global, Inc., 9500 Glenlyon Parkway, Burnaby, B.C. V5J 0C6 or email to Chair_of_the_Board@rbglobal.com. For information regarding the deadline for submitting shareholder proposals in 2027, please see the Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations section on page 97 . All relevant correspondence, with the exception of solicitations for the purchase or sale of products and services and other similar types of correspondence, will be forwarded to the Board Chair. Purely for administrative purposes, correspondence to the Board Chair may be opened or viewed by the Company s Corporate Secretary. A copy of the Company s Shareholder Engagement Policy is available on the Company s website at investor.rbglobal.com. 30 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive and Chief Executive Officer Succession Planning The Board is responsible for ensuring that the Company has an appropriate organizational structure in place, including a CEO and other key executives who have the skills and expertise to ensure the effective management of the Company. The Board is supported in this function by the Compensation Committee, which is responsible for ensuring that management has a robust process in place for CEO succession planning. Succession planning may incorporate the consideration of recruitment of external candidates as well as internal candidates, depending on the evolving needs of the business. Under the oversight of the Compensation Committee, management has implemented a talent review process building on the Company s annual performance management process. This process, in addition to identifying the high-potential and high-performing talent, assists management to review succession plans at key levels and establish development plans for key talent. This process is the basis for enterprise succession planning and will continue to evolve in the coming years with the aim of ensuring that the Company has the appropriate level of executive bench strength necessary to drive growth and ensure long-term profitability. The succession plan for the CEO and other key executive roles is formally reviewed with the full Board once a year, and there are further periodic discussions of talent progression throughout the year. In addition to ordinary course CEO succession planning, the Company s Compensation Committee, in consultation with the CEO, also implements a succession plan to address unanticipated emergency situations. The emergency succession plan is reviewed annually. The Board encourages senior management to participate in professional and personal development activities, courses and programs, and supports management s commitment to training and developing its employees with a special focus on areas of strategic importance. Board Evaluations and Director Assessments The Board has an annual assessment process for the Board, its committees, and individual directors. The process is administered by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and the results of each annual assessment are shared with all directors. The process considers Board and committee performance relative to the Board mandate or relevant committee charters, as appropriate, and provides a mechanism for all directors to individually and confidentially assess and provide comments on Board, committee and Board Chair performance, as well as a self-assessment of individual director performance. As part of these evaluations, the directors will provide their assessments of the effectiveness of the Board, the Board Chair, themselves as individual Board members, and the committees on which they serve. The Board also periodically performs a peer-to-peer review as part of its continuing effort to advance and refine its assessment process. The Board as a whole will review the individual committee assessments, and the Board Chair will review individual members self-evaluations and peer reviews with them, along with any other ideas for improvement. The Board may, at its discretion, engage an independent corporate governance expert to gather, organize and/or summarize the individual assessments for discussion with the Board and the committees. The Board actively changes its evaluation process and focus periodically to ensure maximum value and impact. For the past several years, the Board has completed an open-ended series of questions around the most critical issues facing the business, the Company s strategy and Board effectiveness, had a thorough discussion and developed specific actions in response. 31 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Term Limits and Board Renewal In February of 2022, the Company amended its Corporate Governance Guidelines to eliminate the previously established mandatory retirement age of 72 for directors. In approving this amendment, the Board considered that the prior mandatory retirement age could result in the arbitrary or premature loss of active directors who are able to continue to make valuable contributions to the overall management, risk oversight and strategic vision of the Company. This amendment also serves to increase the pool of qualified director nominees that could be considered by the Board when it is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. After considering these factors, the Board concluded that a specific retirement age was not necessary and may be counterproductive, and that the Company and its shareholders are best served by retaining the flexibility in electing or appointing directors without an age restriction. The Company has determined not to adopt any other formal term limit for the members of the Board, but generally views a term of 10 15 years as an appropriate guideline to allow for the development of sufficient continuity and experience on the Board, while also ensuring adequate Board renewal. This guideline is set forth in the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. With a renewal lens, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews the composition of the Board on a regular basis in relation to approved director criteria and skill requirements, experiences and performance of our Board members, to best support our strategy and the long-term success of the Company and shareholder value creation and recommends changes as appropriate to renew the Board. Board Composition and the Director Identification and Selection Process The Company has adopted a policy and amended the Director Selection Guidelines forming part of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter (the Director Selection Guidelines ) to implement the goal of expanding the Board s breadth of experiences and background. The Company values inclusivity and recognizes the organizational strength, deeper problem-solving ability and opportunity for innovation that a range of experiences and backgrounds brings to the Board. The Company believes having a broad selection of directors with a wide array of perspectives is an important element of corporate governance and is good for the business. Inclusivity contributes to the achievement of the Company s corporate objectives. It enables the Company to attract people with the best skills and attributes, and to develop a workforce whose backgrounds reflects that of the communities in which it operates. The Company s Director Selection Guidelines was amended in 2023 to establish, as a measurable objective for improving gender diversity, that at least 30% of the Board be comprised of women. In addition to a candidate s independence, industry knowledge, skills, experience, leadership qualities and other factors, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee takes into account the objectives set forth in the Company s internal policies and Director Selection Guidelines in selecting candidates for filling nomination and appointment to the Board. As of March 6, 2026, there are three female directors on the Board, representing 30% of the Board. The proposed slate of directors consists of three female nominees, which, if elected, would represent 30% of the Board. The Company is committed to continuing to build on its proven track record in this regard. As noted elsewhere in this Proxy Statement, the Company and the Board are committed to replacing Ms. Raiss spot on the Board with the most highly qualified candidate. One of the factors to be considered is the goal that at least 30% of the members of the Board be female. The Company has nominated Chloe Harford to replace Ms. Raiss. Ms. Harford was selected for nomination after being identified to the Company by a third-party search firm. The Company is confident that Ms. Harford s experience and skills, as more fully set forth above in this Proxy Statement, make her the best candidate for this position on the Board. In addition, as of March 6, 2026, two of the directors on the board, representing 20% of the Board, are racially/ethnically diverse. Representation of Women in Executive Officer Appointments The Company remains committed to improving representation of women in executive officer appointments. As of March 6, 2026, the Company has one female on its executive leadership team, representing 8% of the Company s executive leadership team. The Company has not adopted any specific target regarding women in executive positions. The Company believes that it has a balanced and effective approach in its executive selection process and has given emphasis to gender representation in its executive search program. The Company also recognizes the importance of female representation at the mid-management level as these positions are the Company s pipeline for future executive officer roles. As such, the Company continues to recognize high-potential women in our organization. In order to implement this initiative, the Company has: established an inclusivity function supported by executive officers to support inclusion in the business strategy and to connect talent strategies; 32 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS structured a women-focused employee resource group , which is open to all employees, to implement Company-wide innovative initiatives relating to supporting women in the workplace. These initiatives provide networking, training, development and mentoring opportunities for all employees to realize opportunities for personal and professional growth, and further develop confidence in leadership roles; provided training to employees at director level and above to identify conscious and unconscious biases, with the aim of enhancing their appreciation of the value of varied perspectives in the workplace for the Company s shareholders, customers, employees and the communities we serve; developed a career website and recruiting collateral to include representation of the Company s varied workforce which demonstrates our commitment to inclusiveness; developed its talent management strategy to support inclusivity in all of its programs including succession planning, leadership development, learning, and identification and development of high potential talent using 360-degree assessments and coaching; and continued to foster and support the Women s L.I.N.K. Program (Lead.Inspire.Network.Know), a global initiative to support women within the Company and further strengthen our core value of being an inclusive global organization to drive innovation through variety of thought, background and perspective. The Company s management believes these initiatives and efforts will support a broad pool of candidates and improve representation of people with a wide variety of experiences and backgrounds to be considered when making leadership and executive officer appointments. The Company is committed to providing an environment in which all employees are treated with fairness and respect, and have equal access to opportunities for advancement based on skills and aptitude. Other Designated Groups The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consider diversity in the broadest sense, including individuals from designated groups (as such term is defined in the Employment Equity Act (Canada), the Designated Groups ), in selecting potential director candidates and candidates for executive positions. The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consider the representation of the Designated Groups in identifying and nominating director candidates and candidates for executive positions in a variety of ways, including by actively seeking these candidates for inclusion in its list of potential candidates for future vacancies on the Board and appointments to executive positions. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assesses the effectiveness of its internal policies by periodically reviewing the skills, expertise and background of each of the existing members of our Board. While the Company has adopted a target for women representation on the Board, the Company, at this time, has not adopted any specific targets for other types of diversity within the Designated Groups for Board positions or executive positions. The Company believes that it is a combination of the skills, experience and character of an individual that are the most important qualities in assessing the value that such individual can bring to the Board or to their executive position. Corporate Governance Guidelines The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines addressing, among other things, Board and management roles, Board functions and responsibilities, director qualifications, director independence, Board structure and performance evaluations. The guidelines are available on our website at investor.rbglobal.com. Board Leadership Structure The Board does not have a formal written policy regarding the separation of the roles of CEO and Board Chair; however, the Board believes that separating the Board Chair and CEO positions is the most effective leadership structure for the Company. This structure allows the Board Chair to focus on the effectiveness of the Board while the CEO focuses on executing the Company s strategy and managing the Company s operations and performance. As required under the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board holds at least four scheduled meetings each year of the non-executive directors without management present. Additional executive sessions may be held from time to time as required. The Board Chair presides at executive sessions. The non-executive directors met either immediately before or following each regularly-scheduled meeting of the Board, and otherwise held meetings and information sessions in 2025 without management present. 33 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Board s Role in Risk Oversight The Board oversees the Company s enterprise risk management program, which focuses on the identification, assessment and mitigation of risks associated with achievement of the Company s strategic objectives. Principal risks are identified and evaluated relative to their potential impact and likelihood of occurrence, including consideration of mitigating activities. The Company s annual risk assessment process is linked to the annual strategic planning process, with periodic updates conducted to identify potential emerging risks, such as those associated with major business decisions, key initiatives and external factors. The Company s enterprise risk management program is overseen at the senior executive level in conjunction with the Company s risk management and internal audit group. Reports on principal risks and mitigation strategies are reviewed by the Company s ex