=== RBA_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A: Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 are among those that may affect our performance materially or could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable securities law and regulations of relevant securities exchanges, we do not intend to update publicly any forward-looking statements, even if our expectations have been affected by new information, future events or other developments. You should consider our forward-looking statements in light of the factors listed or referenced under Risk Factors herein. RB Global, Inc. 1 Table of Contents SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Risks Related to Our Business Our business and operating results would be adversely affected due to the loss of one or more significant suppliers, a reduction in significant volume from suppliers, an adverse change in our supplier relationships, or a disruption to our supply of damaged, total loss and low-value vehicles. Our business and operating results would be adversely affected if we are unable to meet or exceed our buyer customers demand and expectations or due to a disruption in demand of damaged, total loss and low-value vehicles. Our market position and competitive advantage could be threatened by our competitors and/or disruptive new entrants. If our facilities lack the capacity to accept additional vehicles, then our relationships with insurance companies or other vehicle suppliers could be adversely affected. We may be unable to keep existing facilities or open new facilities in desirable locations and on favorable terms, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Macroeconomic factors, including high fuel prices, high labor costs, inflation and changes in used car prices, may have an adverse effect on our revenues and operating results. Reliance on our subhaulers and trucking fleet operations could materially and adversely affect our business and reputation. Weather-related and other events beyond our control may adversely impact operations. An increase in the number of damaged and total loss vehicles we purchase could adversely affect our profitability. A significant change in used-vehicle prices could impact the proceeds and revenue from the sale of damaged and total loss vehicles. IAA assumes the settlement risk for vehicles sold through its marketplaces. Changes in laws affecting the import and export of damaged and total loss vehicles may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We are subject to potential liabilities with respect to IAA s prior separation from KAR Auction Services, Inc. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of, and synergies from, acquisitions and may become responsible for certain liabilities and integration costs as a result. Damage to our reputation could harm our business. We may incur losses as a result of our guarantee and inventory contracts and advances to consignors. The availability and performance of our information technology ( IT ) systems and infrastructure is critical to our business and continued growth. Consumer behavior is rapidly changing, and if we are unable to successfully adapt to consumer preferences and develop and maintain a relevant and reliable inventory management and multichannel disposition experience for our customers, our financial performance and brand image could be adversely affected. We rely on data provided by third parties, the loss of which could limit the functionality of certain of our platforms and disrupt our business. Government regulation of the digital landscape is evolving, and unfavorable regulations could substantially harm our business and results of operations. If our ability, or the ability of our third-party service partners, cloud computing providers or third-party data center hosting facilities, to safeguard the reliability, integrity and confidentiality of our and their IT systems is compromised, if unauthorized access is obtained to our systems or customers , suppliers', counterparties' and employees' confidential information, or if authorized access is blocked or disabled, we may incur material reputational harm, legal exposure, or a negative financial impact. Our future expenses may increase significantly and our operations and ability to expand may be limited as a result of licenses, laws and regulations governing auction sites, environmental protection, international trade, tariffs and other matters. Losing the services of one or more key personnel or the failure to attract, train and retain personnel could materially affect our business. Failure to maintain safe sites could materially affect our business and reputation. Income and commodity tax amounts, including tax expense, may be materially different than expected, and there is a trend by global tax collection authorities towards the adoption of more aggressive laws, regulations, interpretations and audit practices. RB Global, Inc. 2 Table of Contents Our substantial international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, including foreign exchange rate fluctuations that could harm our results of operations. Our business operations may be subject to a number of federal and local laws, rules and regulations governing international trade, including export control regulations. Failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or the FCPA, the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act, or the CFPOA, and similar laws associated with our activities outside of the U.S. could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. We are pursuing a long-term growth strategy that may include acquisitions and developing and enhancing an appropriate sales strategy, which requires upfront investment with no guarantee of long-term returns. Third-party claims, litigation, regulatory proceedings or government investigations to which we are subject or in which we become involved, regardless of their merit, could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Privacy concerns and our compliance with current and evolving domestic or foreign laws and regulations regarding the processing of personal information and other data may increase our costs, impact our marketing efforts, or decrease adoption and use of our products and services, and our failure to comply with those laws and regulations may expose us to liability and reputational harm. Our business continuity plan may not operate effectively in the event of a significant interruption of our business. Our insurance may be insufficient to cover losses that may occur as a result of our operations. Certain global conditions may affect our ability to conduct successful events. Financial Risks Ineffective internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our financial statements, reduce investor confidence, and adversely impact our stock price. We have substantial indebtedness, and the degree to which we are leveraged may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our debt instruments have restrictive covenants that could limit our financial flexibility. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property We may be unable to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our growth prospects. Risks Related to Our Industry Competition could result in reductions in our future revenues and profitability. Decreases in the supply of, demand for, or market values of used equipment, could harm our business. Risks Related to Our Organization and Governance Our articles, by-laws, shareholder rights plan and applicable Canadian provincial and federal law contain provisions that may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. U.S. civil liabilities may not be enforceable against us, our directors, or our officers. We are governed by the corporate laws of Ontario, Canada, which in some cases have a different effect on shareholders than the corporate laws of Delaware. RB Global, Inc. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1: BUSINESS Company Overview Established in 1958, the Company is a leading, omnichannel marketplace and trusted provider of value-added insights, services and transaction solutions for buyers and sellers of commercial assets and vehicles worldwide. Through our global network of auction sites and digital platform, we serve customers worldwide across a variety of asset classes, including automotive, construction, commercial transportation, government surplus, lifting and material handling, energy, mining and agriculture. Our marketplace brands include Ritchie Bros., the world's largest auctioneer of commercial assets and vehicles offering online bidding, and IAA, a leading global digital marketplace connecting vehicle buyers and sellers. Our portfolio of brands also includes Rouse Services ( Rouse ), which provides complete end-to-end asset management and market data-driven intelligence; SmartEquip, an innovative technology platform that supports customers' management of the equipment lifecycle and integrates parts procurement with both original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) and dealers; and VeriTread, an online marketplace for heavy haul transport. Our sectors are organized by asset class and include automotive, commercial, construction and transportation ( CC T ), and other. Automotive includes automobiles, including passenger vehicles and buses. CC T includes equipment needed for earth moving, lift and material handling, as well as vocational and commercial trucks and trailers. Other primarily includes assets and equipment in the agricultural, forestry and energy industries, government surplus assets, smaller consumer recreational transportation items and parts sold in our vehicle dismantling business until June 21, 2025, the date of its deconsolidation in connection with the LKQ SYNETIQ transaction described in Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Note 4 Loss on Deconsolidation and Recognition of Equity Method Investment. Each respective sector includes salvage and non-salvage transactions. Our customers are primarily automobile insurance companies, end users, dealers, fleet owners, and OEMs of commercial assets and vehicles. We have a global presence, with operations primarily in the United States, Canada, Australia and across Europe, and employ approximately 8,000 full-time employees worldwide, of which approximately 68% are located in the United States. The Company is incorporated in Canada under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario). Macroeconomic Conditions and Industry Trends Various macroeconomic conditions and trends, including inflationary pressures, actual or potential tariffs, and volatility in interest rates affect our business, GTV and operating costs. Our GTV is further influenced by unit volume growth and changes in average selling prices, which in part are driven by prevailing market conditions. CC T Industry volumes are influenced by a broad range of factors, including macroeconomic conditions, demographic trends, government initiatives, and infrastructure investment. Structural shifts in the market such as the expansion of data centers, increased manufacturing activity, and re shoring efforts also play a significant role in shaping demand. During the fourth quarter, we observed early indications of improving seller confidence, supported by stabilizing values for used equipment, a more favorable interest rate environment, and continued strength in large-scale construction projects, including civil infrastructure and mega projects. Automotive Industry unit volume growth is influenced by both the total number of accidents and the proportion of those accidents classified as total losses. Accident frequency is primarily driven by the number of vehicles in operation and aggregate miles traveled. A substantial percentage of these accidents are insured, and insurer involvement plays an important role in determining whether a vehicle is deemed a total loss. At the same time, underinsured accidents can create headwinds for volumes, as insufficient coverage may delay or reduce total loss designations and thereby limit the flow of vehicles into salvage channels. Total loss determinations are shaped by several factors, including used vehicle pricing, vehicle age, design complexity, technology content, and repair costs. In 2025, the inflation differential between automotive repair costs and used vehicle prices continued to narrow, though it remains positive. This dynamic supports a higher percentage of total loss determinations relative to overall accidents, creating a favorable environment for salvage activity despite the moderating effect of underinsured incidents. RB Global, Inc. 4 Table of Contents Competition We encounter different competitors by region, sector, and service across the entire suite of solutions we offer to our partners and customers. Competition in our CC T sector for transaction solutions is highly fragmented geographically and by transaction format. We compete for sellers against online and physical auctioneers, brokers, OEMs and equipment dealers offering trade-in services. Some of our customers, including large fleet owners, may seek private sales instead of third-party transaction solutions. The market is constantly evolving and subject to change driven by new and existing competitors and technology-enabled selling solutions for sellers. In the automotive sector, we provide services to the salvage and non-salvage segments; our sellers on the salvage segment are comprised of primarily insurance companies seeking transaction solutions for their damaged or low-value vehicles. We primarily compete with Copart, Inc. and several other independent used vehicle auction companies. In the non-salvage sale segment, we compete with Adesa, Manheim, ACV Auctions and other independent auctioneers offering online and live wholesale solutions. Our performance against service level agreements and gross returns to drive optimal net returns is critical to our success as we compete. Competitive Advantages Global platform: Our global platform allows us to connect buyers and sellers, offer insights and value-added services for commercial assets and vehicles through our omnichannel marketplace, both digitally and through our auction sites worldwide. We offer unmatched choice and flexibility, tailoring transaction solutions to suit our customers' diverse and changing needs. We also offer our customers a full spectrum of value-added services, such as transportation and logistics, appraisal, inspection, refurbishing, titling, loan payoff, and financial services. Trusted local customer relationships: Our sales teams act as trusted advisors in their long-standing customer relationships. We take a long-term view, offering clear transparent communication and unparalleled solutions to simplify our customers' experience and cultivate lasting partnerships. Data, insights and services: Rich data and analytics are a cornerstone to providing the best customer experience. We invest in data science to deliver asset value predictions, generate user leads, prioritize marketing investments, interpret price trends, and more. Proprietary machine vision technology combined with proprietary asset pricing models are used internally to set internal target values and optimize marketplace operations and externally to provide our customers with reliable asset values. In addition, Rouse is the leading provider of construction equipment rental benchmarks, and construction equipment valuations to lenders, rental companies, contractors, and dealers. Our business model is built upon an extensive data ecosystem, proprietary analytics, data science techniques, and trusted customer relationships rooted in service and confidentiality. Global presence: We achieve exceptional agility with our extensive global network, which enables us to be closer in proximity to our customers. This proximity helps minimize transportation costs and provides our customers with the choice of care, custody, and control of assets. Flexibility of yard space and teammates: Teammates working across different businesses and sectors can come together across multiple locations to meet our customers' needs when necessary. Specifically, in a catastrophic event impacting our automotive sector customers, we can increase the speed of our response and avoid incremental operating costs by leveraging all of our teammates and any unused capacity across our global network of locations. Global buyer base and demand engine: Our global presence and sophisticated approach to driving buyer demand allows us to generate deep pools of liquidity for transactions, enabling global market pricing for commercial assets and vehicle sellers and helping to deliver the best price realization. We serve customers in approximately 170 countries across a variety of sectors and continuously source and cultivate new buyers around the world. Brand: Our well-established brands are well recognized and have a loyal customer base. The Company's marketplace brands include Ritchie Bros., the world's largest auctioneer of commercial assets and vehicles, and IAA, a leading global digital marketplace connecting vehicle buyers and sellers. RB Global's portfolio of brands also includes Rouse, which provides complete end-to-end asset management and market data-driven intelligence, SmartEquip, an innovative technology platform that supports customers' management of the equipment lifecycle and integrates parts procurement with both OEMs and dealers and VeriTread, an online marketplace for heavy haul transport. Growth Strategy Our growth strategy is anchored in a commitment to put our partners and customers first and consistently exceed expectations. By delivering on this promise and maintaining operational excellence, we strengthen our position as a trusted global partner for insights, services, and transaction solutions. RB Global, Inc. 5 Table of Contents We see significant opportunities to increase transaction volumes and expand market share by creating a seamless and trusted experience for our sellers and buyers. Our strategy focuses on three key priorities: i. Deliver Premium Price Performance for assets transacted across our omnichannel marketplaces while effectively accommodating our partners' liquidity preferences. The key is to manage supply and create deep liquidity pools by expanding our global buyer base through harnessing technology to merchandise assets at scale and provide a diverse and thoughtfully selected range of assets to meet each buyer's unique needs. ii. Grow our enterprise partner base , which includes insurance companies in our automotive sector and large fleet owners in our CC T sector. Our partners increasingly rely on our expertise to enhance their profitability by optimizing the lifecycle of the assets they transact through us. The more effectively we can communicate and demonstrate our value upstream from the transaction, the stronger our position will be to earn more transactions from partners and gain market share. iii. Focus on driving growth with our regional CC T customers , comprised of small and mid-size businesses that highly value the personalized engagement and relationship with our sales territory managers. By leveraging the expertise of our sales team as trusted advisors, we are confident in our ability to strengthen these existing relationships and build new ones. As we optimize and expand our sales coverage, we are well-positioned to capture additional market share and deliver sustained growth. To execute this strategy, we are modernizing our technology capabilities, investing in talent development, and pursuing strategic acquisitions to broaden our capabilities and extend our market reach. Service Offerings We provide a global marketplace for our partners and customers to buy and sell a variety of asset classes by leveraging our proprietary transaction solutions, services and market insights. The table below outlines the various branded solutions we offer to help our partners and customers more efficiently manage their asset lifecycles and improve their return on investments. Solution Brand Description Transaction Solutions RB Auction Onsite and online marketplace for selling and buying used equipment J.M. Wood IronPlanet Online marketplace for selling and buying used equipment GovPlanet Online marketplace for the sale of government and military assets Marketplace-E Online marketplace with a fixed price format Boom Bucket SalvageSale Full-service project management and salvage inventory support Ritchie Bros. Private Treaty Confidential, negotiated sale of large equipment IAA AuctionNow Global online auction bidding and buying solution that features inventory located at physical branches and offsite locations. IAA Buy Now Online buy now format available between scheduled auctions. IAA Custom Bid Bidding tool that provides buyers focused on recycling the ability to set pre-bids in an auction based on vehicle attributes IAA Timed Auctions Timed auction format that allows for competitive bidding and sale prior to a scheduled auction CSAToday Online portal that gives sellers the ability to manage their vehicle assets and monitor sales performance Financial Services Ritchie Bros. Financial Services Loan origination service that uses a brokerage model to match loan applicants with appropriate financial lending institutions Appraisal Services Rouse Appraisals Unbiased, certified appraisal services Inspection Services Ritchie Bros. Inspections Truck and heavy equipment inspections IAA Inspection Services Remote inspections and appraisals for salvage vehicles Listings Services Mascus Online equipment listing service, B2B dealer portal, and an online fixed price marketplace platform RB Global, Inc. 6 Table of Contents Solution Brand Description Refurbishing Services Ritchie Bros. Refurbishing Repair, paint, and other make-ready services Transportation Services Ritchie Bros. Logistics End-to-end transportation and customs clearance solution for sellers and buyers with shipping needs VeriTread Transport Online transportation marketplace, connecting shippers and carriers IAA Transport Integrated shipping solution allowing buyers to schedule shipment of vehicles during the checkout process IAA Tow App Mobile dispatch solution that assists the tow network Data Services Rouse The leading provider of construction equipment market intelligence IAA Vehicle Score A cutting-edge computer vision tool that assesses vehicle damage severity. Our automated Vehicle Score model provides fast and accurate ratings based on photos taken at vehicle check-in, saving time and money IAA Vehicle Value A predictive model that uses machine learning and data mining methods to create an accurate, unbiased vehicle value Parts Services SmartEquip Online marketplace connecting equipment owners with parts manufacturers Catastrophe Response Services Catastrophe (CAT) Services Industry-leading strategic catastrophe response service focused on real estate capacity, operational execution, transportation logistics and vehicle merchandising and selling Title Services IAA Title Services Full suite of title services that facilitate the title documentation, settlement and retrieval process IAA Loan Payoff Service that mitigates the time-consuming process of managing a total loss claim requiring loan payoff and title release Contract options We offer consignors several contract options to meet their individual needs and sale objectives for selling assets, which include: Straight commission contracts, where the consignor receives the gross proceeds from the sale less a pre-negotiated commission rate; Fixed fee commission contracts, where the consignor receives the gross proceeds from the sale less a fixed flat fee; and Guarantee contracts, where the consignor receives a guaranteed minimum amount plus an additional amount if proceeds exceed a specified level. Other value-added services We provide a wide array of value-added services to make the process of selling and buying equipment and vehicles convenient for our customers: Title search services, where registries are commercially available, to help ensure equipment sold through RB Global is free and clear of all liens and encumbrances (if we are not able to deliver clear title, we provide a full refund up to the purchase price to the buyer); Making equipment available for inspection, testing, and comparison by prospective buyers; Displaying high-quality, zoomable photographs of equipment on our website; Providing 360-degree video inspection technology to increase buyer confidence in equipment being purchased; Providing industry-leading professional equipment inspections and reports; Providing free detailed equipment information on our website for most equipment; Providing access to commercial transportation companies and customs brokerages through our logistical services; and Handling all pre-auction marketing, as well as collection and disbursement of proceeds. RB Global, Inc. 7 Table of Contents Intellectual Property We believe our intellectual property has significant value and is an important factor in marketing our organization, services, and website, as well as differentiating us from our competitors. We own or hold the rights to use valuable intellectual property such as trademarks, service marks, domain names and tradenames. We protect our intellectual property in Canada, the U.S., and internationally through federal, provincial, state, and common law rights, including registration of certain trademark and service marks for many of our brands, including our core brands. We also have secured patents for inventions and have registered our domain names. We rely on contractual restrictions and rights to protect certain of our proprietary rights in products and services. Effective protection of our intellectual property can be expensive to maintain and may require litigation. We must protect our intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights in many jurisdictions throughout the world. In addition, we may, from time to time, be subject to intellectual property claims, including allegations of infringement, which can be costly to defend. For a discussion of the risks involved with intellectual property litigation and enforcement of our intellectual property rights, see the related information in Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Sustainability In 2025, we continued to advance our sustainability framework, which guides our actions and drives our sustainability progress. We continue to work closely with our sustainability program stakeholders to ensure that our priorities remain aligned with our partners and our shared values. Please see our website for our latest sustainability reports and further details on our initiatives and accomplishments. The Company is regulated by federal, state, local, and international environmental laws governing the protection of the environment, health and safety, the use, transport and disposal of hazardous substances and control of emissions including greenhouse gases into the environment. Compliance with existing laws has not had a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings or global competitive position. However, climate- and weather-related initiatives and changing laws and regulations governing the environment may affect the supply of, the demand for, and the market values of equipment in the future. Our business enables a circular economy of vehicles and equipment. We engage our customers to optimize the use and efficiency of equipment, and to reuse, refurbish, and recycle before disposition, as extending the life of heavy equipment and vehicles is core to our business model. In 2025, we continued to evaluate our environmental impact. To support our reporting and take further meaningful action, we dedicated resources to build on our emissions inventory and partner with internal stakeholders throughout our business to formalize our methodology, obtain more primary data, integrate business systems, enhance estimations, review emissions sources, and implement new processes and tools to support data collection, review, monitoring and reporting. We also completed the implementation of a software solution to streamline and support our future reporting needs. As a result of our efforts, we have made significant improvements to our methodology, refining our calculation approaches to incorporate the use of primary data. We continue our commitment to environmental management by ensuring availability of treatment systems to manage wastewater, implementing an electronics recycling program to enhance waste management to decrease landfill impact, and continuing to utilize air filtration systems when necessary. Human Capital We employ approximately 8,000 full-time employees and approximately 700 part-time employees worldwide at December 31, 2025. Approximately 5,300 of our full-time employees work at our