=== PEP_2026-02-03.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 27 Table of Contents Information About Our Executive Officers The following is a list of names, ages and backgrounds of our current executive officers as of the date of filing of this Form 10-K with the SEC: Name Age Title David J. Flavell 54 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, PepsiCo Athina Kanioura 49 Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Latin America Foods and Executive Vice President, Strategy Transformation Officer Ram Krishnan 55 Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo North America Ramon L. Laguarta 62 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Silviu Popovici 58 Chief Executive Officer, Europe, Middle East and Africa Becky Schmitt 52 Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer, PepsiCo Stephen T. Schmitt 52 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, PepsiCo Christine E. Tammara 48 Senior Vice President and Controller, PepsiCo Eugene Willemsen 58 Chief Executive Officer, International Beverages David J. Flavell has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, PepsiCo since 2021. Mr. Flavell previously held a number of leadership roles at PepsiCo, including as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance Ethics Officer for PepsiCo from 2019 to 2021, as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel Managing Attorney from 2018 to 2019, as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel General Counsel, International and Global Groups from 2017 to 2018, as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel General Counsel, Latin America and Frito-Lay North America from 2016 to 2017, as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Latin America and Frito-Lay North America from 2015 to 2016, and as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Asia, Middle East and Africa from 2011 to 2015. Before joining PepsiCo in 2011, Mr. Flavell was general counsel for Danone S.A. s Asia Pacific and Middle East business. Prior to that, Mr. Flavell served as senior legal counsel at Fonterra Co-operative Group Limited and was a partner at Corrs Chambers Westgarth. Athina Kanioura was appointed Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Latin America Foods and Executive Vice President, Strategy Transformation Officer in December 2025. Ms. Kanioura previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer, PepsiCo from 2020 to December 2025. Prior to joining PepsiCo, Ms. Kanioura served as Chief Analytics Officer and Global Head of Applied Intelligence at Accenture plc from 2019 to 2020 and as its Global Data Science Lead from 2017 to 2019. Since she joined Accenture in 2005, she held positions of increasing responsibility, including as Global Marketing and Commercial Analytics Lead. Ram Krishnan was appointed Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo North America, effective December 2025. Prior to that, Mr. Krishnan served as Chief Executive Officer, U.S. Beverages from January 2025 to December 2025, as Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Beverages North America from February 2024 to January 2025, as Chief Executive Officer, International Beverages and Chief Commercial Officer of PepsiCo from 2022 to February 2024, as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, PepsiCo, from 2019 to 2021, as President and Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo s Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region from 2018 to 2020, and as PepsiCo s Senior Vice President and Chief Customer Officer for Walmart, leading PepsiCo s global Walmart customer team, from 2016 to 2017. Mr. Krishnan joined PepsiCo in 2006 and held marketing roles of increasing responsibility from 2006 to 2016, including as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, Frito-Lay North America from 2014 to 2016, as Senior Vice President, Marketing, Frito-Lay North America from 2012 to 2013 and 28 Table of Contents as Vice President of Global Brands, Frito-Lay North America from 2011 to 2012. Prior to PepsiCo, Mr. Krishnan spent six years at General Motors Company as a marketing manager for Cadillac. Ramon L. Laguarta has served as PepsiCo s Chief Executive Officer and a director on the Board since 2018, and assumed the role of Chairman of the Board in 2019. Mr. Laguarta previously served as President of PepsiCo from 2017 to 2018. Prior to serving as President, Mr. Laguarta held a variety of positions of increasing responsibility in Europe, including as Commercial Vice President of PepsiCo Europe from 2006 to 2008, PepsiCo Eastern Europe Region from 2008 to 2012, President, Developing Emerging Markets, PepsiCo Europe from 2012 to 2015, Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Europe in 2015, and Chief Executive Officer, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa from 2015 until 2017. From 2002 to 2006, he was General Manager for Iberia Snacks and Juices, and from 1999 to 2001, a General Manager for Greece Snacks. Prior to joining PepsiCo in 1996 as a marketing vice president for Spain Snacks, Mr. Laguarta worked for Chupa Chups, S.A., where he worked in several international assignments in Asia, Europe, the Middle East and the United States. Mr. Laguarta was elected to the board of directors of International Business Machines Corporation effective March 1, 2026. Silviu Popovici was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Europe, Middle East and Africa, effective January 2025. Prior to this role, he served as Chief Executive Officer, Europe from 2019 to 2024 and as Chief Executive Officer, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa in 2019 and as President, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa from 2017 to early 2019. Mr. Popovici previously served as President, Russia, Ukraine and CIS (The Commonwealth of Independent States) from 2015 to 2017, and as President, PepsiCo Russia from 2013 to 2015. Mr. Popovici joined PepsiCo in 2011 following PepsiCo s acquisition of Wimm-Bill-Dann Foods OJSC (WBD) and served as General Manager, WBD Foods Division from 2011 until 2012. Prior to the acquisition, Mr. Popovici held senior leadership roles at WBD, running its dairy business from 2008 to 2011 and its beverages business from 2006 to 2008. Becky Schmitt has served as Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer, PepsiCo, since June 2023. Prior to that, Ms. Schmitt served as Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. from 2020 to 2023. Prior to joining Cognizant, Ms. Schmitt served in various executive human resources roles at Walmart, Inc., including as Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer of Sam s Club, a division of Walmart, from 2018 to 2020, Senior Vice President, Chief People Officer of U.S. eCommerce and corporate functions from late 2016 to 2018, and Vice President, Human Resources Technology from early 2016 to late 2016. Prior to joining Walmart, Ms. Schmitt spent over 20 years with Accenture plc in multiple senior human resources roles globally. Stephen T. Schmitt was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective November 2025. Prior to that, Mr. Schmitt served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Walmart U.S. from 2021 to November 2025, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Walmart U.S. Omni-Channel during 2021, as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Walmart U.S. eCommerce from 2019 to 2020 and as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Sam s Club from 2018 to 2019. Before these roles, Mr. Schmitt served in investor relations after joining Walmart in 2016. Prior to joining Walmart, Mr. Schmitt held a variety of roles at Yum! Brands from 2006 to 2016. Christine E. Tammara was appointed Senior Vice President and Controller, PepsiCo effective May 2025. Prior to that, Ms. Tammara served as Senior Vice President, Controller, PepsiCo Beverages North America from 2023 to May 2025, as Senior Vice President and General Auditor from 2021 to 2023 and as Vice President and Assistant Controller, Technical Accounting and Policy from 2016 to 2021 and held a succession of roles in PepsiCo s Control function. Prior to joining PepsiCo in 2007, Ms. Tammara worked in external reporting at Reader s Digest Association, Inc. and as an audit manager for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 29 Table of Contents Eugene Willemsen was appointed Chief Executive Officer, International Beverages, effective January 2025. Previously, he served as Chief Executive Officer, Africa, Middle East, South Asia and International Beverages in 2024, as Chief Executive Officer, Africa, Middle East, South Asia from 2019 to February 2024, as Chief Executive Officer, Sub-Saharan Africa in 2019 and as Executive Vice President, Global Categories and Franchise Management from 2015 to 2019. Before that, he led the global Pepsi-Lipton Joint Venture as President from 2014 to 2015. Prior to such role, Mr. Willemsen served as PepsiCo s Senior Vice President and General Manager, South East Europe from 2011 to 2013, as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Commercial, Europe from 2008 to 2011, as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Northern Europe from 2006 to 2008, as Vice President, General Manager, Benelux from 2000 to 2005 and as Commercial Director, Benelux for the snacks business from 1998 to 2000. Mr. Willemsen joined PepsiCo in 1995 as a business development manager. Executive officers are elected by our Board, and their terms of office continue until the next annual meeting of the Board or until their successors are elected and have qualified. There are no family relationships among our executive officers. 30 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Stock Trading Symbol PEP. Stock Exchange Listings The Nasdaq Global Select Market is the principal market for our common stock, which is also listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Shareholders As of January 23, 2026, there were approximately 87,254 shareholders of record of our common stock. Dividends We have paid consecutive quarterly cash dividends since 1965. The declaration and payment of future dividends are at the discretion of the Board. Dividends are usually declared in February, May, July and November and paid at the end of March, June and September and the beginning of January. For 2026, the record dates for these dividend payments are expected to be March 6, June 5, September 4 and December 4, 2026, subject to the approval of the Board. On February 3, 2026, we announced a 4% increase in our annualized dividend to $5.92 per share from $5.69 per share, effective with the dividend expected to be paid in June 2026. We expect to return a total of approximately $8.9 billion to shareholders in 2026, comprising dividends of approximately $7.9 billion and share repurchases of approximately $1.0 billion. For information on securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. A summary of our common stock repurchases (in millions, except average price per share) during the fourth quarter of 2025 is set forth in the table below. Issuer Purchases of Common Stock Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased (a) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 9/6/2025 $ 5,740 9/7/2025-10/4/2025 0.7 $ 141.35 0.7 (97) 5,643 10/5/2025-11/1/2025 0.4 $ 149.10 0.4 (61) 5,582 11/2/2025-11/29/2025 0.3 $ 145.16 0.3 (50) 5,532 11/30/2025-12/27/2025 0.2 $ 147.53 0.2 (32) Total 1.6 $ 144.88 1.6 $ 5,500 (a) All shares were repurchased in open market transactions pursuant to the $10 billion repurchase program authorized by our Board and publicly announced on February 10, 2022, which commenced on February 11, 2022 and was originally set to expire on February 28, 2026. On February 3, 2026, we announced a new share repurchase program providing for the repurchase of up to $10 billion of PepsiCo common stock which commenced on February 1, 2026 and will expire on February 28, 2030 (2026 Share Repurchase Program), and such shares are excluded from the above table. The 2026 Share Repurchase Program replaced and superseded the existing share repurchase program. Shares repurchased under the 2026 Share Repurchase Program may be repurchased in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions, in accelerated stock repurchase transactions or otherwise. 31 Table of Contents Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. OUR BUSINESS Executive Overview 33 Our Operations 34 Other Relationships 34 Our Business Risks 34 OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS Results of Operations Consolidated Review 40 Results of Operations Segment Review 41 PFNA 43 PBNA 43 IB Franchise 43 EMEA 44 LatAm Foods 44 Asia Pacific Foods 44 Non-GAAP Measures 44 Items Affecting Comparability 46 Our Liquidity and Capital Resources 49 Return on Invested Capital 51 OUR CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES Revenue Recognition 52 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 53 Income Tax Expense and Accruals 54 Pension and Retiree Medical Plans 55 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME 57 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 58 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 59 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 61 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY 62 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Our Segments 63 Note 2 Our Significant Accounting Policies 69 Note 3 Restructuring and Impairment Charges 73 Note 4 Intangible Assets 75 Note 5 Income Taxes 77 Note 6 Share-Based Compensation 81 Note 7 Pension, Retiree Medical and Savings Plans 85 Note 8 Debt Obligations 91 Note 9 Financial Instruments 93 Note 10 Net Income Attributable to PepsiCo per Common Share 99 Note 11 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Attributable to PepsiCo 100 Note 12 Leases 101 Note 13 Acquisitions and Divestitures 103 Note 14 Supply Chain Financing Arrangements 104 Note 15 Supplemental Financial Information 106 Note 16 Legal Contingencies 107 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 108 GLOSSARY 111 32 Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Definitions of key terms can be found in the glossary. Unless otherwise noted, tabular dollars are presented in millions, except per share amounts. All per share amounts reflect common stock per share amounts, assume dilution unless otherwise noted, and are based on unrounded amounts. Percentage changes are based on unrounded amounts. Discussion in this Form 10-K includes results of operations and financial condition for 2025 and 2024 and year-over-year comparisons between 2025 and 2024. For discussion on results of operations and financial condition pertaining to 2023 and year-over-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023, please refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of Exhibit 99.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 17, 2025. OUR BUSINESS Executive Overview PepsiCo is a leading global beverage and convenient food company with a complementary portfolio of brands, including Lay s, Doritos, Cheetos, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Mountain Dew, Quaker and SodaStream. Through our operations, authorized bottlers, contract manufacturers, and other third parties, we make, market, distribute, and sell a wide array of beverages and convenient foods, serving customers and consumers in more than 200 countries and territories. As a global company with strong local connections, we faced many of the same challenges in 2025 as our consumers, customers, and competitors worldwide. These included ongoing supply chain disruptions; tariffs; persistent inflationary pressures; evolving consumer consumption patterns and preferences; an intensely competitive business environment, including the increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies; the continued expansion of e-commerce in a rapidly changing retail landscape, including customers moving away from DSD systems; the need for further innovation and collaboration as we progress toward our ambitious packaging and other goals; ongoing macroeconomic and political volatility; and an increasingly complex regulatory environment. In response to these challenges, we have continued to adapt and innovate, reinforcing our resilience and continued focus on growth. We are focused on improving our productivity, optimizing our operations and harnessing our scale and capabilities across our markets and further elevating the interests, occasions, and channels of consumers in our strategies to lead and shape the future of our categories. This is underpinned by our pep+ (PepsiCo Positive) transformation, now in its fifth year. A Bold Ambition: Against this backdrop, we have a clear set of priorities: reigniting our North America business by combining operations where it makes the most sense and using the savings to support meaningful investments in our brands; increasing the size, presence and scale of our International business, with a focus on capturing growth in large and developing markets; and working to grow our away-from-home business by expanding our availability and extending into new occasions. Laying the Groundwork: Since 2018, we have made significant investments in the business to adapt to the changing landscape. This includes increasing investments to strengthen our brands, from transforming our portfolio through innovation and acquisitions, to foundational investments in technology and artificial intelligence to position ourselves to be fit for the future, building a set of high impact commercial, operational, and digital capabilities; expanding and updating our manufacturing footprint to enable geographic growth and capture future demand; right-sizing and modernizing our warehousing and distribution capacity; and transforming our operating model to become more agile, efficient and responsive to the consumer. 33 Table of Contents Big Changes to Big Things: Guided by pep+, we continue to work to reshape our portfolio to fit today s world. That includes: reducing added sugar, sodium and saturated fat in core brands like Lay s and Gatorade; advancing efforts to remove artificial colors and flavors in brands like Lay s, Cheetos, and Doritos; adding new products with functional benefits, such as Pepsi Prebiotic Cola; and welcoming popular brands like Siete, Sabra and poppi. We continued to expand our away-from-home business into new occasions. The successful Walking Taco platform is thriving in stadiums, arenas, and parks across the United States, while our Food Deserves Pepsi campaign and the Pepsi Zero Sugar Taste Challenge have driven higher brand awareness and contributed positively to our performance. We are becoming a more deeply integrated, more productive organization. This has been one of our biggest priorities over the past year. Since we shifted our operating model at the start of 2025, we have worked hard to be more agile, simpler and more unified. From sharing global services, to streamlining processes, to launching our first new corporate brand identity in nearly 25 years, we are making One PepsiCo real. In North America, we are carefully evaluating an integrated model for our food and beverage supply chains, go-to-market, and commercial capabilities and intend to take a nuanced approach factoring in key components such as return on investment, scale and market share. Our Global Capability Centers now support multiple functions, enabling us to centralize information, reduce duplicative work, and share best practices across the organization. We are building smarter systems with technologies like artificial intelligence to better serve our customers and consumers, so we can have the right products, at the right place, at the right price. Through our collaborations with cutting-edge technology providers, we are using artificial intelligence to reimagine our go-to-market model, enhance customer support, and empower sales teams to focus on strategic growth. This allows us to unify data, gain real-time inventory visibility, and provide faster, more responsive customer service. We are becoming more resilient through pep+. pep+ remains central to our strategy, ensuring that we continue to create value for shareholders, customers and consumers, while doing what is right for communities and the planet. In 2025, we stepped up our efforts around key pillars like regenerative agriculture and water use efficiency, with the aim to make a positive impact in markets around the world. Our Operations See Item 1. Business for information on our segments and a description of our distribution network, ingredients and other supplies, brands and intellectual property rights, seasonality, customers, competition, research and development, regulatory matters and human capital. In addition, see Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for financial information about our segments and geographic areas. Other Relationships Certain members of our Board also serve on the boards of certain vendors and customers. These Board members do not participate in our vendor selection and negotiations nor in our customer negotiations. Our transactions with these vendors and customers are in the normal course of business and are consistent with terms negotiated with other vendors and customers. In addition, certain of our employees serve on the boards of Pepsi Bottling Ventures LLC and other affiliated companies of PepsiCo and do not receive incremental compensation for such services. Our Business Risks Risks Associated with Commodities and Our Supply Chain Many of the commodities used in the production and transportation of our products are purchased in the open market. The prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation, and we manage this risk through 34 Table of Contents the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements and derivative instruments, including swaps and futures. A number of external factors, including volatile geopolitical conditions, the inflationary cost environment, import/export restrictions and tariffs, adverse weather conditions and supply chain disruptions, have impacted and may continue to impact commodity, transportation and labor costs. When prices increase, we may or may not pass on such increases to our customers, which may result in reduced volume, revenue, margins and operating results. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on how we manage our exposure to commodity prices. Risks Associated with Climate Change Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the potential effects of climate change, including regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and potential carbon pricing programs. These new or increased legal or regulatory requirements, along with initiatives to meet our sustainability goals, could result in significant increased costs and additional investments in facilities and equipment. However, we are unable to predict the scope, nature and timing of any new or increased environmental laws and regulations and therefore cannot predict the ultimate impact of such laws and regulations on our business or financial results. We continue to monitor existing and proposed laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such laws or regulations. Risks Associated with International Operations We are subject to risks in the normal course of business that are inherent to international operations. During the periods presented in this report, volatile economic, political, social and geopolitical conditions, civil unrest and wars and other military conflicts, acts of terrorism and natural disasters and other catastrophic events in certain markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, including in Argentina, Brazil, China, Mexico, the Middle East (including Egypt) , Russia, Turkey and Ukraine, continue to result in challenging operating environments and have resulted in and could continue to result in changes in how we operate in certain of these markets. Debt and credit issues, currency controls or fluctuations, sanctions and export controls in certain of these international markets (including restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from certain markets) have also continued to impact our operations in certain of these international markets. We continue to closely monitor the economic, operating and political environment in the markets in which we operate, including risks of additional impairments or write-offs and currency fluctuation, and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. Our operations in Russia accounted for 5% and 4% of our consolidated net revenue for the years ended December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024, respectively. Russia accounted for 5% and 3% of our consolidated assets, 20% and 10% of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents, and 39% and 41% of our accumulated currency translation adjustment loss as of December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024 , respectively. See Notes 1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of i mpairment and other charges recognized in the years ended December 27, 2025, December 28, 2024, and December 30, 2023 . Risks Associated with Tariffs The imposition of tariffs (including U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on China, the European Union, Canada and Mexico and other countries and any tariffs imposed by such countries) have impacted and could continue to impact our supply chain resulting in increased input costs, including the 35 Table of Contents cost of certain raw materials and packaging. The impact of tariffs will continue to vary, including based on where inputs are sourced from and shipped to. In addition, any supply chain constraints, inflationary impacts or reduced consumer demand for our products as a result of such tariffs or ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty have impacted and could continue to impact our results. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact of these tariffs on our business and to identify actions to potentially mitigate, where possible, any unfavorable impacts on our future results. Imposition of Taxes and Regulations on our Products Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes or regulations on the manufacture, distribution or sale of our products or their packaging, ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes of, our products or their packaging, commodities used in the production of our products or their packaging or the recyclability or recoverability of our packaging. These taxes and regulations vary in scope and form. For example, some taxes apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Further, some regulations apply to all products using certain types of packaging (e.g., plastic), while others are designed to increase the sustainability of packaging, encourage waste reduction and increased recycling rates or facilitate the waste management process or restrict the sale of products in certain packaging. In addition, certain jurisdictions in which our snack products are sold have either imposed or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution or sale of certain of our snack products as a result of ingredients (such as sugar, sodium or saturated fat) contained in our products. We sell a wide variety of beverages and convenient foods in more than 200 countries and territories and the profile of the products we sell, the amount of revenue attributable to such products and the type of packaging used vary by jurisdiction. Because of this, we cannot predict the scope or form potential taxes, regulations or other limitations on our products or their packaging may take, and therefore cannot predict the impact of such taxes, regulations or limitations on our financial results. In addition, taxes, regulations and limitations may impact us and our competitors differently. We expect continued scrutiny of certain ingredients and substances present in certain of our products and packaging. We continue to monitor existing and proposed taxes and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such taxes, regulations or limitations, including advocating alternative measures with respect to the imposition, form and scope of any such taxes, regulations or limitations. OECD Model Global Minimum Tax Numerous countries, including European Union member states, have enacted or are expected to enact legislation incorporating the OECD model rules for a global minimum tax rate of 15% with widespread implementation expected by the end of 2026. As the legislation becomes effective in countries in which we do business, our taxes will increase and negatively impact our provision for income taxes. Retail Landscape Our industry continues to be affected by disruption of the retail landscape, including the continued growth in sales through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, including through subscription services, the integration of physical and digital operations among retailers and the international expansion of hard discounters. We have seen and expect to continue to see a further shift to e-commerce, online-to-offline and other online purchasing by consumers. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and seek to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities, such as expanding our direct-to-consumer business, and distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. 36 Table of Contents Changing dynamics at the retail level have also impacted and may continue to impact our ability to grow in certain jurisdictions. In this changing retail landscape, retailers and buying groups are shifting traditional value propositions, removing our products or otherwise reducing shelf space allocated to our products and focusing on introducing and developing private-label brands. We have seen and expect to continue to see retailers and buying groups impact our ability to compete in these jurisdictions. We continue to monitor our relationships with retailers and buying groups and seek to identify actions we may take to maintain mutually beneficial relationships and resolve any significant disputes and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors, Executive Overview above and Market Risks below for more information about these risks and the actions we have taken to address key challenges. Risk Management Framework The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves risks, many of which evolve over time. To identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the Company s operations and foster a corporate culture of integrity and risk awareness, we leverage an integrated risk management framework. This framework includes the following: PepsiCo s Board has oversight responsibility for PepsiCo s integrated risk management framework. One of the Board s primary responsibilities is overseeing and interacting with senior management with respect to key aspects of the Company s business, including risk assessment and risk mitigation of the Company s top risks. Throughout the year, the Board and relevant Committees of the Board receive updates from management with respect to various enterprise risk management issues and dedicate a portion of their meetings to reviewing and discussing specific risk topics in greater detail, including risks related to cybersecurity, food safety, sustainability, human capital management and supply chain and commodity inflation. The Board receives and provides feedback on regular updates from management regarding the Company s top risks, including updates from members of management responsible for overseeing impacted areas (for example, the Chief Strategy and Transformation Officer and Chief Information Security Officer), governance processes associated with managing these risks, the status of projects to strengthen the Company s risk mitigation efforts and recent incidents impacting the industry and threat landscape. Given that cybersecurity risks can impact various areas of responsibility of the Committees of the Board, the Board believes it is useful and effective for the full Board to maintain direct oversight over cybersecurity matters. In evaluating top risks, the Board and management consider short-, medium- and long-term potential impacts on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, including looking at the internal and external environment when evaluating risks, risk amplifiers and emerging trends, and considers the risk horizon as part of prioritizing the Company s risk mitigation efforts. The Board receives updates through presentations, memos and other written materials, teleconferences and other appropriate means of communication, with numerous opportunities for discussion and feedback, and continuously evaluates its approach in addressing top risks as circumstances evolve. For example, as part of risk updates to the Board and relevant Committees during 2025, the Board or its relevant Committee were provided updates on the impact of disruptive events, including geopolitical events and tensions in certain international markets. The Board also receives periodic updates from external experts and advisers on global macroeconomic trends and conditions that may impact the Company s strategy and financial performance, including geopolitical conflicts, economic instability, labor market trends, changing consumer behavior, retail disruption and digitalization. 37 Table of Contents The Board has tasked designated Committees of the Board with oversight of certain categories of risk management, and the Committees report to the Board regularly on these matters. The Audit Committee of the Board reviews and assesses the guidelines and policies governing PepsiCo s risk management and oversight processes, and assists the Board s oversight of financial, compliance and employee safety risks facing PepsiCo. The Audit Committee also assists the Board s oversight of the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the Chief Compliance Ethics Officer, who reports to the General Counsel, meets regularly with the Audit Committee, including in executive session without management present; The Compensation Committee of the Board reviews PepsiCo s employee compensation policies and practices to assess whether such policies and practices could lead to unnecessary risk-taking behavior; The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee assists the Board in its oversight of the Company s governance structure and other corporate governance matters, including succession planning; and The Sustainability and Public Policy Committee of the Board assists the Board in its oversight of PepsiCo s policies, programs and related risks that concern key sustainability (including climate change), inclusion and public policy matters. The PepsiCo Risk Committee (PRC) meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. The PRC is also responsible for reporting progress on our risk mitigation efforts to the Board and designated Committees. The PRC is comprised of a cross-functional, geographically diverse, senior management group, including PepsiCo s Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel, Region Chief Executive Officers, and the heads of Enterprise Risk, Corporate Affairs, Human Resources, Research Development, Information Technology, Sustainability, Strategy, Transformation, International Beverages, Commercial, Global Operations and Marketing; Segment and key market risk committees, comprised of cross-functional senior management teams, meet regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address segment and market-specific business risks; PepsiCo s Risk Management Office, which manages the overall risk management process, provides ongoing guidance, tools and analytical support to the PRC and the segment and key market and function risk committees, identifies and assesses potential risks and facilitates ongoing communication between the parties, as well as with PepsiCo s Board, the Audit Committee of the Board and other Committees of the Board; PepsiCo s Internal Audit Department evaluates the ongoing effectiveness of our key internal controls through periodic audit and review procedures; and PepsiCo s Compliance Ethics and Law Departments lead and coordinate our compliance policies and practices. PepsiCo s Disclosure Committee, comprised of the General Counsel, Controller and heads of Internal Audit, Financial Planning Analysis and Investor Relations, evaluates information from PepsiCo s integrated risk management framework as part of the Disclosure Committee s monitoring of the integrity and effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. PepsiCo s risk oversight processes and disclosure controls and procedures are 38 Table of Contents designed to appropriately escalate key risks to the Board as well as to analyze potential risks for disclosure. Market Risks We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in: commodity prices, affecting the cost of our raw materials and energy; foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions; and interest rates. In the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging. Ongoing productivity initiatives involve the identification and effective implementation of meaningful cost-saving opportunities or efficiencies, including the use of derivatives. Our global purchasing programs include fixed-price contracts and purchase orders and pricing agreements. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion of our market risks. The fair value of our derivatives fluctuates based on market rates and prices. The sensitivity of our derivatives to these market fluctuations is discussed below. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these derivatives and our hedging policies. The fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets is impacted by changes in market conditions, including interest rates and inflationary, deflationary and recessionary conditions. See Our Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates for a discussion of the exposure of our goodwill and other intangible assets and pension and retiree medical plan assets and liabilities to risks related to market fluctuations. Inflationary, deflationary and recessionary conditions impacting these market risks also impact the demand for and pricing of our products. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion. Commodity Prices Our commodity derivative contracts had a total notional value of $1.5 billion as of December 27, 2025 and $1.4 billion as of December 28, 2024. At the end of 2025, the potential change in fair value of commodity derivative contracts, assuming a 10% decrease in the underlying commodity price, would have decreased our net unrealized gains in 2025 by $155 million, which would generally be offset by a reduction in the cost of the underlying commodity purchases. Foreign Exchange Our operations outside of the United States generated 44% of our consolidated net revenue in 2025, with Mexico, Russia, Canada, China, the United Kingdom, Brazil and South Africa, collectively, comprising 25% of our consolidated net revenue in 2025. As a result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risks in the international markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold. Additionally, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk from net investments in foreign subsidiaries, foreign currency purchases, foreign currency assets and liabilities created in the normal course of business. During 2025, unfavorable foreign exchange had a net nominal impact on net revenue performance primarily due to declines in the Mexican peso and Turkish lira, offset by an appreciation of the Russian ruble. Currency declines against the U.S. dollar which are not offset could adversely impact our future financial results. Our foreign exchange derivative contracts had a total notional value of $3.1 billion as of both December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024. At the end of 2025, we estimate that an unfavorable 10% change in the underlying exchange rates would have increased our net unrealized losses in 2025 by $308 million, which would be significantly offset by an inverse change in the fair value of the underlying exposure. Subsequent to December 27, 2025, we executed $1.6 billion of foreign exchange contracts 39 Table of Contents maturing in February 2026 and designated them as net investment hedges to partially offset the effects of foreign currency on our investments in certain of our foreign subsidiaries. Our cross-currency swap contracts had a total notional value of $1.7 billion as of December 27, 2025 and $1.2 billion as of December 28, 2024. At the end of 2025, we estimate that an unfavorable 10% change in the underlying exchange rates would have increased our net unrealized losses in 2025 by $173 million, which would be significantly offset by an inverse change in the fair value of the underlying exposure. The total notional amount of our debt instruments designated as net investment hedges was $4.4 billion as of December 27, 2025 and $2.9 billion as of December 28, 2024. Subsequent to December 27, 2025, we designated $4.5 billion of existing euro denominated debt as net investment hedges to partially offset the effects of foreign currency on our investments in certain of our foreign subsidiaries. Interest Rates Our interest rate swap contracts had a total notional value of $2.0 billion as of both December 27, 2025 and December 28, 2024. Assuming year-end 2025 investment levels and variable rate debt, a 1-percentage-point increase in interest rates would have decreased our net interest expense in 2025 by $36 million due to higher cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments levels, as compared with our variable rate debt. OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS Results of Operations Consolidated Review Volume Physical or unit volume is one of the key metrics management uses internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual operating plan and the evaluation of our business performance. We believe volume provides additional information to facilitate the comparison of our historical operating performance and underlying trends, and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. Unit volume performance adjusts for the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures. Acquisitions and divestitures, when used in this report, reflect mergers and acquisitions activity, as well as divestitures and other structural changes. Further, unit volume performance excludes the impact of a 53 rd reporting week, where applicable. Our fiscal year ends on the last Saturday of each December, resulting in an additional reporting week every five or six years (53 rd reporting week). Beverage volume includes volume of concentrate sold to independent bottlers and volume of finished products bearing company-owned or licensed trademarks and allied brand products and joint venture trademarks sold by company-owned bottling operations. Beverage volume also includes volume of finished products bearing company-owned or licensed trademarks sold by our noncontrolled affiliates. Concentrate volume sold to independent bottlers is reported in concentrate shipments and equivalents (CSE), whereas finished beverage product volume is reported in bottler case sales (BCS). Both CSE and BCS convert all beverage volume to an 8-ounce-case metric. Typically, CSE and BCS are not equal in any given period due to seasonality, timing of product launches, product mix, bottler inventory practices and other factors. While our net revenue is not entirely based on BCS volume due to the independent bottlers in our supply chain, we believe that BCS is a better measure of the consumption of our beverage products. PBNA, IB Franchise and EMEA, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, make, market, distribute and sell ready-to-drink tea products through a joint venture with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name), and PBNA, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink coffee products through a joint venture with Starbucks. Convenient food volume includes volume sold by us and our noncontrolled affiliates of convenient food products bearing company-owned or licensed trademarks. Internationally, we measure convenient food 40 Table of Contents product volume in kilograms, while in North America we measure convenient food product volume in pounds. Consolidated Net Revenue and Operating Profit 2025 2024 Change Net revenue $ 93,925 $ 91,854 2 % Operating profit $ 11,498 $ 12,887 (11) % Operating margin 12.2 % 14.0 % (1.8) See Results of Operations Segment Review for a tabular presentation and discussion of key drivers of net revenue. Operating profit decreased 11%, primarily driven by certain operating cost increases, impairment charges related to the Rockstar brand, a decline in organic volume, a 5-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs and higher acquisition and divestiture-related charges. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings and effective net pricing. Additionally, a favorable impact of prior-year impairment and other charges associated with our TBG investment and receivables related to the sale of Tropicana, Naked and other select juice brands (Juice Transaction) and lower advertising and marketing expenses contributed to the decline. Other Consolidated Results 2025 2024 Change Other pension and retiree medical benefits expense $ 133 $ 22 $ 111 Net interest expense and other $ 1,121 $ 919 $ 202 Annual tax rate 19.0 % 19.4 % Net income attributable to PepsiCo $ 8,240 $ 9,578 (14) % Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share diluted $ 6.00 $ 6.95 (14) % Other pension and retiree medical benefits expense increased $111 million, primarily reflecting recognition of fixed income losses on plan assets and the impact of the freeze of benefit accruals to U.S. salaried participants effective December 31, 2025. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Net interest expense and other increased $202 million, due to higher average debt balances, higher interest rates on average debt balances and lower interest rates on average cash balances, partially offset by higher average cash balances. The reported tax rate decreased 0.4 percentage points, primarily reflecting the release of federal interest accruals. Results of Operations Segment Review See Our Business Risks, Non-GAAP Measures and Items Affecting Comparability for a discussion of items to consider when evaluating our results and related information regarding measures not in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). In the discussions of net revenue and operating profit below, effective net pricing reflects the year-over-year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities and mix resulting from selling varying products in different package sizes and in different countries. 41 Table of Contents Net Revenue and Organic Revenue Performance Organic revenue performance is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a description of and further information regarding this measure, see Non-GAAP Measures. 2025 Impact of Impact of Reported % Change, GAAP measure Foreign exchange translation Acquisitions and divestitures Organic % Change, non-GAAP measure (a ) Organic volume (b) Effective net pricing PFNA % (2) (2) % (2) 1 PBNA 1.5 % 1 % (3.5) 5 IB Franchise 2 % 3 % 2 EMEA 8 % (2.5) 6 % (3) 9 LatAm Foods % 5 4.5 % 4 Asia Pacific Foods 2 % 1 (1) 1.5 % 5 (3) Total 2 % (1) 2 % (2) 4 (a) Amounts may not sum due to rounding. (b) In certain instances, the impact of organic volume change on net revenue performance differs from the unit volume change disclosed in the following segment discussions due to the impacts of product mix, nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our franchise beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between BCS and CSE. We report net revenue from our franchise beverage businesses based on CSE. The volume sold by our nonconsolidated joint ventures has no direct impact on our net revenue. Operating Profit, Operating Profit Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability and Operating Profit Performance Adjusted for Items Affecting Comparability on a Constant Currency Basis Operating profit adjusted for items affecting comparability and operating profit performance adjusted for items affecting comparability on a constant currency basis are both non-GAAP financial measures. For a description of and further information regarding these measures, see Non-GAAP Measures and Items Affecting Comparability. 2025 PFNA PBNA IB Franchise EMEA LatAm Foods Asia Pacific Foods Corporate unallocated expenses Total Reported, GAAP measure $ 6,173 $ 1,089 $ 1,769 $ 2,106 $ 2,010 $ 369 $ (2,018) $ 11,498 Items Affecting Comparability (a) Mark-to-market net impact (1) (1) Restructuring and impairment charges 344 281 14 195 52 12 66 964 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges 28 422 3 453 Impairment and other charges 1,523 73 270 80 1,946 Indirect tax impact 82 82 Pension and retiree medical-related impact (30) (30) Core, non-GAAP measure 6,545 3,285 1,856 2,571 2,144 464 (1,953) 14,912 Impact of foreign exchange translation 7 4 9 (104) 117 3 36 Core Constant Currency, non-GAAP measure $ 6,552 $ 3,289 $ 1,865 $ 2,467 $ 2,261 $ 467 $ (1,953) $ 14,948 Reported Operating Profit % Change, GAAP measure (7) % (53) % 21 % 7 % (2) % (2) % 6 % (11) % Core Operating Profit % Change, non-GAAP measure (6) % 6 % 9 % 15 % 2 % 19 % 7 % 1.5 % Core Constant Currency Operating Profit % Change, non-GAAP measure (6) % 6 % 9 % 10 % 8 % 20 % 7 % 2 % 42 Table of Contents 2024 PFNA PBNA IB Franchise EMEA LatAm Foods Asia Pacific Foods Corporate unallocated expenses Total Reported, GAAP measure $ 6,619 $ 2,302 $ 1,462 $ 1,971 $ 2,052 $ 377 $ (1,896) $ 12,887 Items Affecting Comparability (a) Mark-to-market net impact (25) (25) Restructuring and impairment charges 161 238 24 116 49 9 101 698 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges 9 8 5 22 Impairment and other charges 9 556 4 145 714 Indirect tax impact 218 218 Product recall-related impact 184 184 Core, non-GAAP measure $ 6,982 $ 3,104 $ 1,708 $ 2,232 $ 2,101 $ 391 $ (1,820) $ 14,698 (a) See Items Affecting Comparability for further information. PFNA Net revenue increased slightly, primarily driven by the favorable impact of acquisitions and effective net pricing, partially offset by a decrease in organic volume. Unit volume declined 2%, driven by a 3% decrease in savory snacks volume. Operating profit decreased 7%, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives, higher restructuring charges and the decrease in organic volume. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings and a favorable impact of the prior-year charges associated with a previously announced voluntary recall of certain bars and cereals in our PFNA segment (Quaker Recall). PBNA Net revenue increased 1.5%, primarily driven by effective net pricing, partially offset by an organic volume decline. Unit volume declined 3%, driven by a 6% decline in non-carbonated beverage volume and a slight decline in CSD volume. Operating profit decreased 53%, primarily reflecting impairment charges related to the Rockstar brand. Operating profit also decreased due to certain operating cost increases, acquisition and divestiture-related charges related to our VNGR Beverage, LLC (poppi) acquisition, the decline in organic volume and a 5-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, driven by a 6-percentage-point impact of tariffs. These impacts were partially offset by a favorable impact of prior-year impairment and other charges associated with our TBG investment and Juice Transaction-related receivables, the effective net pricing, productivity savings, and lower advertising and marketing expenses. IB Franchise Net revenue increased 2%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing. Unit volume grew 1.5%, primarily reflecting growth in the Middle East, China and Pakistan. Operating profit increased 21%, primarily reflecting a favorable impact of a prior-year indirect tax reserve, the net revenue growth and lower advertising and marketing costs, partially offset by an impairment charge related to the Rockstar brand. 43 Table of Contents EMEA Net revenue increased 8%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing and a 2.5-percentage-point impact of favorable foreign exchange translation, partially offset by an organic volume decline. Convenient food unit volume declined 5%, primarily reflecting a decline in South Africa. Beverage unit volume grew slightly, primarily reflecting growth in the Middle East, Germany, Poland and Turkey, partially offset by declines in South Africa and Russia. Operating profit increased 7%, primarily reflecting the effective net pricing, productivity savings, a favorable impact of prior-year impairment and other charges associated with our TBG investment and Juice Transaction-related receivables and a 5-percentage-point impact of favorable foreign exchange translation. These impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, a 22-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily dairy, potatoes and cooking oil, an impairment charge related to the Rockstar brand and higher restructuring charges. LatAm Foods Net revenue decreased slightly, primarily reflecting a 5-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation, partially offset by effective net pricing. Unit volume grew 1%, primarily reflecting growth in Brazil, Peru, Colombia and Argentina, partially offset by a decline in Mexico. Operating profit decreased 2%, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, a 6-percentage-point impact each of higher commodity costs and unfavorable foreign exchange translation and an unfavorable impact of an indirect tax audit settlement, partially offset by productivity savings and the effective net pricing. Asia Pacific Foods Net revenue increased 2%, primarily reflecting organic volume growth, partially offset by unfavorable net pricing. Unit volume grew 4%, primarily reflecting growth in India, Thailand and Australia, partially offset by a decline in China. Operating profit decreased 2%, primarily reflecting certain operating cost increases, an impairment charge related to the Be Cheery brand and the unfavorable net pricing. These impacts were partially offset by productivity savings, the organic volume growth, lower advertising and marketing costs and a 5-percentage-point impact of lower commodity costs. Non-GAAP Measures Certain financial measures contained in this Form 10-K adjust for the impact of specified items and are not in accordance with GAAP. We use non-GAAP financial measures internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual operating plan, evaluation of our overall business performance and as a factor in determining compensation for certain employees. We believe presenting non-GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K provides additional information to facilitate comparison of our historical operating results and trends in our underlying operating results and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business. We also believe presenting these measures in this Form 10-K allows investors to view our performance using the same measures that we use in evaluating our financial and business performance and trends. We consider quantitative and qualitative factors in assessing whether to adjust for the impact of items that may be significant or that could affect an understanding of our ongoing financial and business 44 Table of Contents performance or trends. Examples of items for which we may make adjustments include: amounts related to mark-to-market gains or losses (non-cash); charges related to restructuring plans; charges associated with acquisitions and divestitures; gains associated with divestitures; asset impairment charges (non-cash); product recall-related impact; pension and retiree medical-related amounts, including all settlement and curtailment gains and losses; charges or adjustments related to the enactment of new laws, rules or regulations, such as tax law changes; amounts related to the resolution of tax positions; tax benefits related to reorganizations of our operations; and debt redemptions, cash tender or exchange offers. See below and Items Affecting Comparability for a description of adjustments to our GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K. Non-GAAP information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as or comparable to similar non-GAAP measures presented by other companies. The following non-GAAP financial measures contained in this Form 10-K are discussed below: Organic revenue performance We define organic revenue performance as a measure that adjusts for the impacts of foreign exchange translation (on a constant currency basis, as defined below), acquisitions and divestitures, and every five or six years, the impact of the 53 rd reporting week. Beginning in 2025, on a prospective basis, we are also applying the constant currency calculation for our subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies. Adjusting for acquisitions and divestitures reflects mergers and acquisitions activity, as well as divestitures and other structural changes, including changes in ownership or control in consolidated subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity investees. We believe organic revenue performance provides useful information in evaluating the results of our business because it adjusts for items that we believe are not indicative of ongoing performance or that we believe impact comparability with the prior year. See Net Revenue and Organic Revenue Performance in Results of Operations Segment Review for further information. Cost of sales, gross profit, selling, general and administrative expenses, impairment of intangible assets, other pension and retiree medical benefits expense/income, provision for income taxes and net income attributable to PepsiCo, each adjusted for items affecting comparability, operating profit and net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share diluted, each adjusted for items affecting comparability, and the corresponding constant currency growth rates These measures exclude the net impact of mark-to-market gains and losses on centrally managed commodity derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting, restructuring and impairment charges related to our 2019 Multi-Year Productivity Plan (2019 Productivity Plan), charges associated with our acquisitions and divestitures, impairment and other charges/credits, indirect and income tax impacts, product recall-related impact and the impact of settlement, curtailment and certain other gains and losses related to pension and retiree medical plans (see Items Affecting Comparability for a detailed description of each of these items). We also evaluate performance on operating profit and net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share diluted, each adjusted for items affecting comparability, on a constant currency basis, which measure our financial results assuming constant foreign currency exchange rates used for translation based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period. In order to compute our constant currency results, we multiply or divide, as appropriate, our current-year U.S. dollar results by the current-year average foreign exchange rates and then multiply or divide, as appropriate, those amounts by the prior-year average foreign exchange rates. In addition, beginning in 2025, on a prospective basis, we are also applying the constant currency calculation for our subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies. We believe these measures provide useful information in evaluating the 45 Table of Contents results of our business because they exclude items that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing performance or that we believe impact comparability with the prior year. Free cash flow We define free cash flow as net cash from operating activities less capital spending, plus sales of property, plant and equipment. Since net capital spending is essential to our product innovation initiatives and maintaining our operational capabilities, we believe that it is a recurring and necessary use of cash. As such, we believe investors should also consider net capital spending when evaluating our cash from operating activities. Free cash flow is used by us primarily for acquisitions and financing activities, including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. Free cash flow is not a measure of cash available for discretionary expenditures since we have certain non-discretionary obligations such as debt service that are not deducted from the measure. See Free Cash Flow in Our Liquidity and Capital Resources for further information. Return on invested capital (ROIC) and net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability We define ROIC as net income attributable to PepsiCo plus interest expense after-tax divided by the sum of quarterly average debt obligations and quarterly average common shareholders equity. Although ROIC is a common financial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating ROIC. Accordingly, the method used by management to calculate ROIC may differ from the methods other companies use to calculate their ROIC. We believe this metric serves as a measure of how well we use our capital to generate returns. In addition, we use net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability, to compare our performance over various reporting periods on a consistent basis because it removes from our operating results the impact of items that we believe are not indicative of our ongoing performance and reflects how management evaluates our operating results and trends. We define net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability, as ROIC, adjusted for quarterly average cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, after-tax interest income and items affecting comparability. We believe the calculation of ROIC and net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability, provides useful information to investors and is an additional relevant comparison of our performance to consider when evaluating our capital allocation efficiency. See Return on Invested Capital in Our Liquidity and Capital Resources for further information. Items Affecting Comparability Our reported financial results in this Form 10-K are impacted by the following items in each of the following years: 2025 Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Impairment of intangible assets Operating profit Other pension and retiree medical benefits (expense)/income Provision for income taxes (a) Net income attributable to PepsiCo Reported, GAAP measure $ 43,066 $ 50,859 $ 37,368 $ 1,993 $ 11,498 $ (133) $ 1,949 $ 8,240 Items Affecting Comparability Mark-to-market net impact (3) 3 4 (1) (1) Restructuring and impairment charges (236) 236 (728) 964 19 191 792 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges (57) 57 (346) (50) 453 106 347 Impairment and other charges (3) (1,943) 1,946 455 1,491 Indirect and income tax impact (b) (82) 82 (29) 111 Pension and retiree medical-related impact 30 (30) 279 53 196 Core, non-GAAP measure $ 42,770 $ 51,155 $ 36,243 $ $ 14,912 $ 165 $ 2,725 $ 11,176 46 Table of Contents 2024 Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Impairment of intangible assets Operating profit Other pension and retiree medical benefits (expense)/income Provision for income taxes (a) Net income attributable to PepsiCo Reported, GAAP measure $ 41,744 $ 50,110 $ 37,190 $ 33 $ 12,887 $ (22) $ 2,320 $ 9,578 Items Affecting Comparability Mark-to-market net impact 26 (26) (1) (25) (6) (19) Restructuring and impairment charges (133) 133 (551) (14) 698 29 164 563 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges (22) 22 4 18 Impairment and other charges (695) (19) 714 184 530 Indirect and income tax impact (218) 218 218 218 Product recall-related impact (176) 176 (8) 184 3 44 143 Pension and retiree medical-related impact 276 61 215 Core, non-GAAP measure $ 41,243 $ 50,611 $ 35,913 $ $ 14,698 $ 286 $ 2,771 $ 11,246 (a) Provision for income taxes is the expected tax charge/benefit on the underlying item based on the tax laws and income tax rates applicable to the underlying item in its corresponding tax jurisdiction. (b) Provision for income taxes includes the impact of an income tax audit settlement in our LatAm Foods segment. 2025 2024 Change Net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share diluted, GAAP measure $ 6.00 $ 6.95 (14) % Mark-to-market net impact (0.01) Restructuring and impairment charges 0.58 0.41 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges 0.25 0.01 Impairment and other charges 1.09 0.38 Indirect and income tax impact 0.08 0.16 Product recall-related impact 0.10 Pension and retiree medical-related impact 0.14 0.16 Core net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share diluted, non-GAAP measure $ 8.14 $ 8.16 % Impact of foreign exchange translation Growth in core net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share diluted, on a constant currency basis, non-GAAP measure % Mark-to-Market Net Impact We centrally manage commodity derivatives on behalf of our segments. These commodity derivatives include agricultural products, energy and metals. Commodity derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment are marked to market each period with the resulting gains and losses recorded in corporate unallocated expenses as either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses, depending on the underlying commodity. These gains and losses are subsequently reflected in segment results when the segments recognize the cost of the underlying commodity in operating profit. Therefore, the segments realize the economic effects of the derivative without experiencing any resulting mark-to-market volatility, which remains in corporate unallocated expenses. Restructuring and Impairment Charges 2019 Multi-Year Productivity Plan The 2019 Productivity Plan leverages new technology and business models to further simplify, harmonize and automate processes; re-engineers our go-to-market and information systems, including deploying the right automation for each market; and simplifies our organization and optimizes our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. To build on the successful implementation of the 2019 Productivity Plan, in 2024, we further expanded and extended the plan through the end of 2030 to take advantage of additional opportunities within the initiatives described above. As a result, we expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $6.15 billion, including cash expenditures of approximately $5.1 billion. Plan to date through December 27, 2025, we have incurred pre-tax charges of $3.6 billion, including cash expenditures of $2.7 billion. In our 2026 financial results, we expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $900 47 Table of Contents million, including cash expenditures of approximately $750 million. These charges will be funded primarily through cash from operations. We expect to incur the majority of the remaining pre-tax charges and cash expenditures through 2027, with the balance to be incurred through 2030. Charges include severance and other employee costs, asset impairments and other costs. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further information related to our 2019 Productivity Plan. We regularly evaluate productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plan and other initiatives discussed above and in Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements. Acquisition and Divestiture-Related Charges Acquisition and divestiture-related charges include merger and integration charges, transaction expenses, such as consulting, advisory and other professional fees, as well as fair value adjustments to contingent consideration and acquired inventory included in the acquisition-date balance sheets. Merger and integration charges include distribution agreement termination fees, impairment of certain acquisition-related intangible assets, employee-related costs, closing costs and other integration costs. See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Impairment and Other Charges/Credits We recognized impairment charges taken primarily as a result of our quantitative assessments of certain of our indefinite-lived intangible assets and related to our investment in TBG. In addition, we recorded allowance for expected credit losses related to outstanding receivables from TBG associated with the Juice Transaction. See Notes 1, 4 and 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Indirect and Income Tax Impact We recognized additional expenses related to an indirect and income tax audit settlement in our LatAm Foods segment and an indirect tax reserve in our IB Franchise segment. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Product Recall-Related Impact We recognized property, plant and equipment write-offs, employee severance costs and other costs in our PFNA segment associated with a previously announced voluntary recall of certain bars and cereals. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Pension and Retiree Medical-Related Impact Pension and retiree medical-related impact includes settlement charges due to lump sum distributions to retired or terminated employees and the purchases of group annuity contracts whereby a third-party insurance company assumed the obligation to pay and administer future benefit payments for certain retirees. The settlement charges were triggered when the aggregate of the cumulative lump sum distributions and the annuity contract premium exceeded the total annual service and interest costs. Pension and retiree medical-related impact also includes curtailment losses due to restructuring actions as part of our 2019 Productivity Plan. We also recorded pre-tax income in our PBNA segment associated with pension-related liabilities from previous acquisitions. See Notes 1 and 7 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. 48 Table of Contents Our Liquidity and Capital Resources We believe that our cash generating capability and financial condition, together with our revolving credit facilities, working capital lines and other available methods of debt financing, such as commercial paper borrowings and long-term debt financing, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs, including with respect to our net capital spending plans. Our primary sources of liquidity include cash from operations, proceeds obtained from issuances of commercial paper and long-term debt, and cash and cash equivalents. These sources of cash are available to fund cash outflows that have both a short- and long-term component, including debt repayments and related interest payments; payments for acquisitions; operating leases; purchase, marketing, and other contractual commitments, including capital expenditures and the transition tax liability under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJ Act). In addition, these sources of cash fund other cash outflows including anticipated dividend payments and share repurchases. We do not have guarantees or off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, that we believe could have a material impact on our liquidity. See Item 1A. Risk Factors, Our Business Risks and Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. As of December 27, 2025, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments in our consolidated subsidiaries outside of Russia that are subject to currency controls or currency exchange restrictions were not material. As of December 27, 2025, Russia accounted for 20% of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents. Our sources and uses of cash were not materially adversely impacted by the cash and cash equivalents held in Russia and, to date, we have not identified any material impact on our liquidity or capital resources as a result of these amounts. See Our Business Risks for further information on our operations in Russia. The TCJ Act imposed a one-time mandatory transition tax on undistributed international earnings. As of December 27, 2025, our mandatory transition tax liability was $965 million, which must be paid in 2026 and will represent our final payment under the provisions of the TCJ Act. See Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the TCJ Act. Supply chain financing arrangements did not have a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources in the periods presented and we do not expect such arrangements to have a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources for the foreseeable future. See Note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of supply chain financing arrangements. Furthermore, our cash provided from operating activities is somewhat impacted by seasonality. Working capital needs are impacted by weekly sales, which are generally highest in the third quarter due to seasonal and holiday-related patterns and generally lowest in the first quarter. On a continuing basis, we consider various transactions to increase shareholder value and enhance our business results, including acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, dividends, share repurchases, productivity and other efficiency initiatives and other structural changes. These transactions may result in future cash proceeds or payments. The table below summarizes our cash activity: 2025 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 12,087 $ 12,507 Net cash used for investing activities $ (6,879) $ (5,472) Net cash used for financing activities $ (4,979) $ (7,556) Operating Activities In 2025, net cash provided by operating activities was $12.1 billion, compared to $12.5 billion in the prior year. The decrease in operating cash flow primarily reflects increased cash payments for restructuring charges and cash payments for acquisition and divestiture-related charges. 49 Table of Contents Investing Activities In 2025, net cash used for investing activities was $6.9 billion, primarily reflecting net cash paid in connection with our acquisitions of poppi of $1.95 billion and Garza Food Ventures LLC (Siete) of $1.2 billion, as well as net capital spending of $3.9 billion. In 2024, net cash used for investing activities was $5.5 billion, primarily reflecting net capital spending of $5.0 billion. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of capital spending by segment and see Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our acquisitions. We regularly review our plans with respect to net capital spending and believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our net capital spending needs. Financing Activities In 2025, net cash used for financing activities was $5.0 billion, primarily reflecting the return of operating cash flow to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases of $8.6 billion, as well as payments of long-term debt borrowings of $4.1 billion, partially offset by proceeds from the issuances of long-term debt of $8.2 billion. In 2024, net cash used for financing activities was $7.6 billion, primarily reflecting the return of operating cash flow to our shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases of $8.2 billion, as well as payments of long-term debt borrowings of $3.9 billion, partially offset by proceeds from the issuances of long-term debt of $4.0 billion. See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of debt obligations. We annually review our capital structure with our Board, including our dividend policy and share repurchase activity. On February 3, 2026, we announced the 2026 Share Repurchase Program. See Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for further information. In addition, on February 3, 2026, we announced a 4% increase in our annualized dividend to $5.92 per share from $5.69 per share, effective with the dividend expected to be paid in June 2026. We expect to return a total of approximately $8.9 billion to shareholders in 2026, comprising dividends of approximately $7.9 billion and share repurchases of approximately $1.0 billion. Free Cash Flow The table below reconciles net cash provided by operating activities, as reflected on our cash flow statement, to our free cash flow. Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information on free cash flow, see Non-GAAP Measures. 2025 2024 Change Net cash provided by operating activities, GAAP measure $ 12,087 $ 12,507 (3) % Capital spending (4,415) (5,318) Sales of property, plant and equipment 528 342 Free cash flow, non-GAAP measure $ 8,200 $ 7,531 9 % We use free cash flow primarily for acquisitions and financing activities, including debt repayments, dividends and share repurchases. We expect to continue to return free cash flow to our shareholders primarily through dividends and share repurchases while maintaining Tier 1 commercial paper access, which we believe will facilitate appropriate financial flexibility and ready access to global capital and credit markets at favorable interest rates. However, see Item 1A. Risk Factors and Our Business Risks for certain factors that may impact our credit ratings or our operating cash flows. 50 Table of Contents Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency, especially any downgrade to below investment grade, whether or not as a result of our actions or factors which are beyond our control, could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, or at all. In addition, any downgrade of our current short-term credit ratings could impair our ability to access the commercial paper market with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically, and therefore require us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. See Item 1A. Risk Factors, Our Business Risks and Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Return on Invested Capital ROIC is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information on ROIC, see Non-GAAP Measures. 2025 Net income attributable to PepsiCo $ 8,240 Interest expense 1,840 Tax on interest expense (410) $ 9,670 Average debt obligations (a) $ 48,848 Average common shareholders equity (b) 18,929 Average invested capital $ 67,777 ROIC, non-GAAP measure 14.3 % (a) Includes a quarterly average of short-term and long-term debt obligations. (b) Includes a quarterly average of common stock, capital in excess of par value, retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive loss and repurchased common stock. The table below reconciles ROIC as calculated above to net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability. 2025 ROIC, non-GAAP measure 14.3 % Impact of: Average cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 2.3 Interest income (1.0) Tax on interest income 0.2 Mark-to-market net impact (a) Restructuring and impairment charges (a) 0.9 Acquisition and divestiture-related charges (a) 0.4 Impairment and other charges (a) 1.7 Indirect and income tax impact (a) 0.1 Product recall-related impact (a) Pension and retiree medical-related impact (a) 0.2 Core Net ROIC, non-GAAP measure 19.1 % (a) See Items Affecting Comparability for a detailed description. 51 Table of Contents OUR CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES An appreciation of our critical accounting policies and estimates is necessary to understand our financial results. These policies may require management to make difficult and subjective judgments regarding uncertainties, including the business and economic uncertainty resulting from volatile geopolitical conditions and the high interest rate and inflationary cost environment, and as a result, such estimates may significantly impact our financial results. The precision of these estimates and the likelihood of future changes depend on a number of underlying variables and a range of possible outcomes. We applied our critical accounting policies and estimation methods consistently in all material respects and for all periods presented. We have discussed our critical accounting policies and estimates with our Audit Committee. Our critical accounting policies and estimates are: revenue recognition; goodwill and other intangible assets; income tax expense and accruals; and pension and retiree medical plans. Revenue Recognition We recognize revenue when our performance obligation is satisfied. Our primary performance obligation (the distribution and sales of beverage and convenient food products) is satisfied upon the shipment or delivery of products to our customers, which is also when control is transferred. The transfer of control of products to our customers is typically based on written sales terms that generally do not allow for a right of return, except in the instance of a product recall or other limited circumstances that may allow for product returns. Our policy for DSD is to remove and replace damaged and out-of-date products from store shelves to ensure that consumers receive the product quality and freshness they expect. Similarly, our policy for certain warehouse-distributed products is to replace damaged and out-of-date products. As a result, we record reserves, based on estimates, for product recall, anticipated damaged and out-of-date produc ts. Our products are sold for cash or on credit terms. Our credit terms, which are established in accordance with local and industry practices, typically require payment within 30 days of delivery in the United States, and generally within 30 to 90 days internationally, and may allow discounts for early payment. We estimate and reserve for our expected credit loss exposure based on our experience with past due accounts and collectibility, write-off history, the aging of accounts receivable, our analysis of customer data, and forward-looking information (including the expected impact of a high interest rate and inflationary cost environment), leveraging estimates of creditworthiness and projections of default and recovery rates for certain of our customers. Our policy is to provide customers with product when needed. In fact, our commitment to freshness and product dating serves to regulate the quantity of product shipped or delivered. In addition, DSD products are placed on the shelf by our employees with customer shelf space and storerooms limiting the quantity of product. For product delivered through other distribution networks, we monitor customer inventory levels. As discussed in Our Customers in Item 1. Business, we offer sales incentives and discounts through various programs to customers and consumers. Total marketplace spending includes sales incentives, discounts, advertising and other marketing activities. Sales incentives and discounts are primarily accounted for as a reduction of revenue and include payments to customers for performing activities on our behalf, such as payments for in-store displays, payments to gain distribution of new products, payments for shelf space and discounts to promote lower retail prices. Sales incentives and discounts also 52 Table of Contents include support provided to our independent bottlers through funding of advertising and other marketing activities. A number of our sales incentives, such as bottler funding to independent bottlers and customer volume rebates, are based on annual targets, and accruals are established during the year, as products are delivered, for the expected payout, which may occur after year-end once reconciled and settled. These accruals are based on contract terms and our historical experience with similar programs and require management judgment with respect to estimating customer and consumer participation and performance levels. Differences between estimated expense and actual incentive costs are normally insignificant and are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined. In addition, certain advertising and marketing costs are also based on annual targets and recognized during the year as incurred. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our revenue recognition and related policies, including total marketplace spending. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets We sell products under a number of brand names, many of which were developed by us. Brand development costs are expensed as incurred. We also purchase brands and other intangible assets in acquisitions. In a business combination, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including brands and other intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. Determining fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions, including those related to volatile geopolitical conditions and a high interest rate and inflationary cost environment, based on an evaluation of a number of factors, such as marketplace participants, product life cycles, market share, consumer awareness, brand history and future expansion expectations, amount and timing of future cash flows and the discount rate applied to the cash flows. We believe that a brand has an indefinite life if it has a history of strong revenue and cash flow performance and we have the intent and ability to support the brand with marketplace spending for the foreseeable future. If these indefinite-lived brand criteria are not met, brands are amortized over their expected useful lives, which generally range from 20 to 40 years. Determining the expected life of a brand requires management judgment and is based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market share, consumer awareness, brand history, future expansion expectations and regulatory restrictions, as well as the macroeconomic environment of the countries in which the brand is sold. In connection with previous acquisitions, we reacquired certain franchise rights which provided the exclusive and perpetual rights to manufacture and/or distribute beverages for sale in specified territories. In determining the useful life of these franchise rights, many factors were considered, including the pre-existing perpetual bottling arrangements, the indefinite period expected for these franchise rights to contribute to our future cash flows, as well as the lack of any factors that would limit the useful life of these franchise rights to us, including legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors. Therefore, certain of these franchise rights are considered as indefinite-lived. Franchise rights that are not considered indefinite-lived are amortized over the remaining contractual period of the contract in which the right was granted. Indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized and, as a result, are assessed for impairment at least annually, using either a qualitative or quantitative approach. We perform this annual assessment during our third quarter, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Where we use the qualitative assessment, first we determine if, based on qualitative factors, it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. Factors considered include macroeconomic conditions (including those related to volatile geopolitical conditions and a high interest rate and inflationary cost environment), industry and competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environment, historical financial performance and significant changes in the brand or reporting unit. If the 53 Table of Contents qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed. In the quantitative assessment for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill, an assessment is performed to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and the reporting unit, respectively. Estimated fair value is determined using discounted cash flows and requires an analysis of several estimates including future cash flows or income consistent with management s strategic business plans, annual sales growth rates, perpetuity growth assumptions and the selection of assumptions underlying a discount rate (weighted-average cost of capital) based on market data available at the time. Significant management judgment is necessary to estimate the impact of competitive operating, macroeconomic and other factors (including those related to volatile geopolitical conditions and a high interest rate and inflationary cost environment) to estimate future levels of sales, operating profit or cash flows. All assumptions used in our impairment evaluations for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill, such as forecasted growth rates (including perpetuity growth assumptions) and weighted-average cost of capital, are based on the best available market information and are consistent with our internal forecasts and operating plans. A deterioration in these assumptions could adversely impact our results. Additionally, indefinite-lived intangible assets acquired in recent acquisitions are more susceptible to impairment because they are recorded at fair value at the time of acquisition. These assumptions could be adversely impacted by certain of the risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors and Our Business Risks. As of December 27, 2025, the estimated fair value of the SodaStream reporting unit narrowly exceeded its carrying value. Given the low coverage, there could be further impairment to the carrying value of the SodaStream reporting unit goodwill if future sales and operating profit results are not in line with the forecasted future cash flows of the business and/or if macroeconomic conditions worsen and drive an increase in the weighted-average cost of capital used to estimate its fair value. We continue to monitor the performance of the SodaStream reporting unit, as well as all of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. Amortizable intangible assets are only evaluated for impairment upon a significant change in the operating or macroeconomic environment. If an evaluation of the undiscounted future cash flows indicates impairment, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value, which is based on its discounted future cash flows. See Notes 2, 4 and 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. Income Tax Expense and Accruals Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates and tax structure and transactions, including transfer pricing arrangements, available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining our annual tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish reserves when, despite our belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable, we believe that certain positions are subject to challenge and that we likely will not succeed. We adjust these reserves, as well as the related interest, in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit, new tax laws, relevant court cases or tax authority settlements. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion. An estimated annual effective tax rate is applied to our quarterly operating results. In the event there is a significant or unusual item recognized in our quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is separately calculated and recorded at the same time as that item. We consider the tax adjustments from the resolution of prior-year tax matters to be among such items. Tax law requires items to be included in our tax returns at different times than the items are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. As a result, our annual tax rate reflected in our consolidated 54 Table of Contents financial statements is different than that reported in our tax returns (our cash tax rate). Some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return, and some differences reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. These temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets generally represent items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in our tax returns in future years for which we have already recorded the tax benefit on our consolidated financial statements. We establish valuati