=== KEY_2026-02-23.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Summary of Risk Factors The following is a summary of some of the material risks and uncertainties that could have an adverse effect on our business. • Credit Risk ◦ We have concentrated credit exposure in commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, and commercial leases. ◦ Should the fundamentals of the commercial real estate market deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. ◦ We are subject to the risk of defaults by our loan clients and counterparties. ◦ Declining asset prices could adversely affect us. ◦ Various factors may cause our allowance for loan and lease losses to increase or to be inadequate. ◦ Geopolitical destabilization could adversely impact our loan portfolios. • Market Risk ◦ A worsening of the U.S. economy and volatile or recessionary conditions in the U.S. or abroad could negatively affect our business or our access to capital markets. ◦ We are subject to interest rate risk, which could adversely affect net interest income. ◦ Our profitability depends upon economic conditions in the geographic regions where we have significant operations and in certain market segments in which we conduct significant business. ◦ The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. • Liquidity Risk ◦ We are subject to liquidity risk, which could negatively affect our funding levels. ◦ Capital and liquidity requirements imposed by banking regulators and the credit rating agencies may require banks and BHCs to maintain more and higher quality capital and more and higher quality liquid assets. ◦ Federal agencies’ actions to ensure stability of the U.S. economy and financial system may have costly or disruptive effects on us. ◦ We rely on dividends by our subsidiaries for most of our funds. ◦ Our credit ratings affect our liquidity position. ◦ A loss of customer deposits or an adverse change in deposit mix could increase our funding costs and/or impair our liquidity. • Operational Risk ◦ We are subject to a variety of operational risks. ◦ We and third parties on which we rely (including their downstream service providers) may experience a cyberattack, technology failure, information system or security breach or interruption. ◦ We rely on third parties to perform significant operational services for us, and their failure to perform to our standards or other issues of concern with them could harm us. ◦ Our framework for managing risks and mitigating losses may not be effective. ◦ We are, and may in the future be, subject to claims, litigation, arbitration, investigations, and governmental proceedings, which could result in significant financial liability and/or reputational harm. ◦ Our controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented, and our methods of reducing risk exposure may not be effective. ◦ Our operations and financial performance could be adversely affected by severe weather and natural disasters, both directly and as a result of impacts on our customers. ◦ Our development and use of AI, including through third parties, exposes us to inherent risks that may adversely impact KeyCorp. • Compliance Risk ◦ We are subject to extensive government regulation, supervision, and tax legislation. ◦ We are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy and cybersecurity, which could limit our ability to pursue business initiatives, increase the cost of doing business and subject us to compliance risks and potential liability. 25 Table of contents • Strategic Risk ◦ We may not realize the expected benefits of our strategic initiatives. ◦ We operate in a highly competitive industry. ◦ Maintaining or increasing our market share depends upon our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences, while maintaining competitive products and services. ◦ We may not be able to attract and retain skilled people. ◦ Acquisitions or strategic partnerships may disrupt our business and dilute shareholder value. ◦ Scotiabank holds a significant equity interest in our business and may exercise influence over us, including through its ability to designate up to two directors to our Board of Directors. ◦ Damage to our reputation could significantly impact our business and major stakeholders. ◦ Differing views on corporate responsibility and sustainability could adversely affect our reputation and our business and results of operations. • Model Risk ◦ We rely on quantitative models to manage certain accounting, risk management, capital planning, and treasury functions. • Estimates and Assumptions Risk ◦ The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make subjective determinations and use estimates that may vary from actual results and materially impact our financial condition and results of operations. ◦ Changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations. ◦ Impairment of goodwill could require charges to earnings, which could result in a negative impact on our results of operations. As a financial services organization, we are subject to a number of risks inherent in our transactions and present in the business decisions we make. Described below are the material risks and uncertainties that if realized could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, and our access to liquidity. Although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. Disclosures of risks should not be interpreted to imply that the risks have not already materialized. I. Credit Risk We have concentrated credit exposure in commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, and commercial leases. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 72% of our loan portfolio consisted of commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, including commercial mortgage and construction loans, and commercial leases. These types of loans are typically larger than single family residential real estate loans and other types of consumer loans and have a different risk profile. The deterioration of a larger loan or a group of loans in this category could cause an increase in criticized, classified, and nonperforming loans, which could result in lower earnings from these loans, additional provision for loan and lease losses, and ultimately an increase in loan losses. Should the fundamentals of the commercial real estate market deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. After disruptions in 2022 through early 2024 as a result of the increases in the Fed Funds rate and dislocations in the office sector as a result of COVID-19, the commercial and residential real estate markets have remained relatively steady over the past 18 months as they have adjusted to a more “normalized” rate environment. Capitalization rates and commercial property prices have been supported by a continued inflow of capital into the real estate markets. However, potential headwinds (labor market, geo-political, rate environment) could impact the real estate markets and Key’s portfolio moving forward. A large portion of our clients are active in real estate, with most focused on the multifamily space, which has been the best performing real estate sector over the cycle. However, while development and construction have continued 26 Table of contents at muted levels over the past two years, oversupply of multifamily housing is a concern in certain urban markets. This oversupply has resulted in higher vacancy rates and put pressure on some borrowers to achieve underwritten rents. These two factors impact the ability of borrowers to generate sufficient cash flow in order to make debt service payments on loans or to refinance the loans at maturity. Key’s risk to any specific market is limited, with all metropolitan statistical area concentrations less than 4%. Further, Key has limited its exposure to rent-controlled properties across the country, with no exposure to rent-controlled properties in New York City. A relatively small portion of our commercial real estate loans are construction loans, with most of these loans utilized to support the construction of affordable housing under the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) program. Loans made under the LIHTC program typically carry less risk due to the aligned interest of Tax Credit Investors and committed permanent loans at construction origination, which mitigates interest rate risk. New construction and value-add or rehabilitation construction projects may not be fully leased at loan origination. These properties typically require additional leasing through the life of the loan to provide adequate cash flow to support debt service payments. If property market fundamentals deteriorate sharply, performance under existing leases could deteriorate and the execution of new leases could slow, compromising the borrower’s ability to cover debt service payments. An inability to grow cash flow or pressure on expenses created by supply chain, insurance, or interest rate increases would result in an increase in the level of payment defaults within the sector, as well as limiting refinance options. Further, these pressures would likely result in an outflow of capital from the real estate markets, which would in turn drive up capitalization rates and decrease property values. We are subject to the risk of defaults by our loan clients and counterparties. Many of our routine transactions expose us to credit risk, including the risk of default of our counterparties, which include other financial institutions, or clients. Our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, we rely on information furnished by or on behalf of counterparties and clients, including financial statements, credit reports and other information. We also rely on representations of those counterparties, clients, or other third parties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. The inaccuracy of that information or those representations affects our ability to accurately evaluate the default risk of a counterparty or client. In addition, given the Dodd-Frank legislative mandate to centrally clear eligible derivative contracts, we rely on central clearing counterparties to remain open and operationally viable at all times. A financial institution or other counterparty failure or a cybersecurity breach that causes the failure of or disruption to a counterparty or client, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Further, market volatility or difficulty accessing liquidity in the capital markets can result in a weaker counterparty profile and eventual failure of the counterparty to meet its contractual obligations. Declining asset prices could adversely affect us. During periods of macroeconomic or financial market stress, the volatility and disruption that the capital and credit markets experience may reach, and have in the past reached, extreme levels. Market disruption may severely stress or even lead to the failure of financial institutions, which can cause credit market constriction and liquidation of assets, driving down their prices. Asset price deterioration has a negative effect on the valuation of collateral and certain assets represented on our balance sheet and reduces our ability to sell assets at prices we deem acceptable. Although the most recent U.S. economic recession resulting from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic did not have significant lasting impact on collateral value, the nature of that recession was atypical. Most economic recessions are associated with financial market downturns and lower asset prices. Present risks to stable asset prices include, but are not limited to: • A correction in equity or housing markets; • The imposition of further tariffs and other changes to U.S. or global trade policies; • Supply chain issues such as closed factories and disrupted port activity, as well as the impact of the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war on global transportation and the availability of materials; • Recessionary pressures on other major international economies, such as China, that may impact the broader global and our domestic economy; 27 Table of contents • Labor-supply constraints, including as a result of further changes to U.S. immigration policies and laws and immigration enforcement, leading to slowing job growth and rising wages along with inflation (wage-price spiral); and • Negative real GDP growth, as a result of, in part, the Federal Reserve’s monetary policy to arrest inflationary pressures within the broader economy. Various factors may cause our allowance for loan and lease losses to increase or to be inadequate. We maintain an ALLL (a reserve established through a provision for loan and lease losses charged to expense) that represents our estimate of losses based on our evaluation of risks within our existing portfolio of loans. The level of the allowance at December 31, 2025 represents management’s estimate of expected credit losses over the contractual life of our existing loan portfolio. The determination of the appropriate level of the ALLL inherently involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make significant estimates of current credit risks, current trends, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, all of which may undergo frequent and material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, the softening of certain macroeconomic variables that we are more susceptible to, such as GDP, unemployment, SOFR and other interest rates, the producer price index, and real estate values, along with updated information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the ALLL. Further, the multitude and totality of factors impacting our estimates and the subjectivity of components of its calculation may cause the ALLL to be an inadequate representation of the actual losses incurred over the life of our loan portfolio. Both an increase in the ALLL and actual losses exceeding our current estimates will reduce our net income and could impact our capital positions and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Geopolitical destabilization could adversely impact our loan portfolios. While we have minimal direct foreign company exposure in our loan portfolios, there are correlated and contingent risks posed by geopolitical destabilization within our loan portfolio. For example, conflicts across the world, including the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war, and recent military action in Venezuela, have proven to or may have a material impact on certain domestic commodity prices, impacting our borrowers' input costs and disrupting supply chains both domestically and abroad. These factors increase potential defaults in our loan portfolio and could ultimately increase loan losses. II. Market Risk A worsening of the U.S. economy and volatile or recessionary conditions in the U.S. or abroad could negatively affect our business or our access to capital markets. A worsening of economic and financial market conditions or downside shocks could result in adverse effects on Key and others in the financial services industry. Banking conditions may deteriorate during periods of persistent or large and sudden interest rate increases and/or a slowing economy, negatively affecting business and financial performance. In particular, we face the following risks, and other unforeseeable risks, in connection with a downturn in the macroeconomic and financial market environment or other such downside shocks, whether in the United States or internationally: • A loss of confidence in the financial services industry and the debt and equity markets by investors, placing pressure on the price of our common shares or decreasing the credit or liquidity available to Key, while also increasing the cost of such credit or liquidity; • A decrease in consumer and business confidence levels generally, decreasing credit usage and investment or increasing delinquencies and defaults and committed line draws; • A decrease in household or corporate incomes, reducing demand for our products and services; • A decrease in the value of collateral securing loans to our borrowers or a decrease in the quality of our loan portfolio, increasing loan charge-offs and reducing our net income; • A decrease in the value of collateral, or an increase in the haircuts on that collateral, that we pledge to secure funding and liquidity, reducing the quantum of that funding and/or liquidity; 28 Table of contents • An impairment in our ability to liquidate financial positions at acceptable market prices; • An increase in competition or consolidation in the financial services industry; • Increased concern over and scrutiny of the capital and liquidity levels of financial institutions generally, and those of our transaction counterparties specifically with a corresponding increase in our cost of capital, liquidity and/or funding; • A decrease in confidence in the creditworthiness of the United States or other issuers whose securities we hold; and • An increase in limitations on or the regulation of financial services companies like Key. In the event of severely adverse business and economic conditions generally or specifically in the principal markets in which we conduct business, there can be no assurance that the federal government and the Federal Reserve would intervene or make adjustments to fiscal or monetary policy that would cause business and economic conditions to improve. A worsening of business and economic conditions or market volatility related thereto could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, volatility and uncertainty related to inflation and the effects of inflation, which has, in recent years, led to increased costs for businesses and consumers, and could cause the Federal Reserve to reinitiate a series of interest rate increases, which may amplify or contribute to some of the risks of our business by adversely affecting the creditworthiness of our borrowers, increasing our costs, or resulting in lower values for our investment securities and other fixed-rate assets. To the extent that the Federal Reserve’s policies around managing inflation fail to mitigate the volatility and uncertainty related to inflation and the effects of inflation, or to the extent conditions otherwise worsen or are exacerbated by policies enacted by the U.S. government, including the imposition of tariffs or other commercial policies, we could experience adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, when U.S. economic conditions are weak or recessionary, unemployment may rise and corporate profits may fall significantly, creating adverse credit conditions in our lending businesses. Rising credit costs may materially reduce our profitability as we generate the majority of our income from lending activity; See the section entitled “Credit Risk” in this Item 1A. “Risk Factors.” We are subject to interest rate risk, which could adversely affect net interest income. Our earnings depend heavily upon our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and securities and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowed funds. Hence, interest rate risk is inherent to our banking business and takes four primary forms: repricing risk, yield curve risk, basis risk, and option risk. Repricing risk occurs when assets and liabilities respond to interest rate changes at different paces and to a different degree. Yield curve risk arises when short- and long-term interest rates change to a different extent. We incur basis risk to the extent that the relationship between different interest rate indices changes over time. Option risk is present in assets, liabilities or other financial instruments that allow a counterparty to change the timing of interest or principal payments. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, the competitive environment within our markets, consumer preferences for specific loan and deposit products and their payment behavior, and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, in particular, the Federal Reserve. Our ability to anticipate changes in these factors or to hedge the related on-and off-balance sheet exposures, and the cost of any such hedging activity, can significantly influence the success of our asset-and-liability management activities and our net interest income and net interest margin. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rate controls being applied by the Federal Reserve, could influence the amount and timing of interest we receive on loans and securities, the amount and timing of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, and the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities. When the Federal Reserve raises or reduces interest rates, the behavior of national money market rate indices, the correlation of consumer deposit rates to financial market interest rates, and the evolution of benchmark rates may not follow historical relationships, which could influence net interest income and net interest margin through basis and other risks. In addition, our ability to change deposit rates in response to changes in interest rates and other market and related factors is limited by client relationships and competitive considerations. 29 Table of contents Moreover, if the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings increases at a faster rate than the interest we receive on loans and other investments, net interest income, and therefore our earnings, would decline. Conversely, earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest we receive on loans and other investments falls more quickly than the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings. These scenarios illustrate repricing risk. The impact of interest rates on our investment portfolio and consolidated financial results, including AOCI, can also affect our ability to maintain our capital ratios within our target ranges as well as the amount and timing of our future share repurchases and dividends. For additional information about the effects on interest rates on our business, refer to the information included under the caption “Risk Management — Market risk management” in Item 7 of this report. Our profitability depends upon economic conditions in the geographic regions where we have significant operations and in certain market segments in which we conduct significant business. We have concentrations of loans and other business activities in geographic regions where our bank branches are located — Washington; Oregon/Alaska; Rocky Mountains; Indiana/Northwest Ohio/Michigan; Central/Southwest Ohio; East Ohio/Western Pennsylvania; Atlantic; Western New York; Eastern New York; and New England — and additional exposure to geographic regions outside of our branch footprint. Economic growth in the various regions where we operate has been uneven, and the health of the overall U.S. economy may differ from the economy of any particular geographic region. Adverse conditions in a geographic region such as inflation, unemployment, recession, natural disasters, political instability, impact of public health crises, or other factors beyond our control could impact the ability of borrowers in these regions to repay their loans, decrease the value of collateral securing loans made in these regions, or affect the ability of our customers in these regions to continue conducting business with us. Additionally, a significant portion of our business activities are concentrated within the commercial real estate, healthcare, finance, and utilities market segments. The profitability of some of these market segments depends upon the health of the overall economy, seasonality, the impact of regulation, and other factors that are beyond our control and may be beyond the control of our customers in these market segments. An economic downturn or recession in one or more geographic regions where we conduct our business, or any significant or prolonged impact on the profitability of one or more of the market segments with which we conduct significant business activity, could adversely affect the demand for our products and services, the ability of our customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans, and the stability of our deposit funding sources. The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties in the financial services industries, and we routinely execute transactions with such counterparties, including brokers and dealers, banks, mortgage originators, hedge funds, insurance companies, and other institutional clients. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to, and may further lead to, market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or other financial institutions. Banking is a confidence sensitive business, so disruption within the financial markets, including negative news, rumors, or misinformation regarding the banking industry or perceived risks of a bank’s safety and soundness, can adversely impact the market price and volatility of our common stock, cause deposit runoff or prompt the loss of important customers or counterparties. Online and mobile banking have made it easier for customers to withdraw their deposits. Higher than customary withdrawals can raise funding cost, which may reduce Key’s net interest margin and net interest income. In addition, many of our transactions with other financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty or client. Our credit risk may be affected when the collateral held by us cannot be liquidated at prices sufficient to recover the full amount of our loan or derivatives exposure. There can be no assurance that any such losses would not adversely and materially affect our results of operations. III. Liquidity Risk We are subject to liquidity risk, which could negatively affect our funding levels. 30 Table of contents Liquidity risk is the danger that a bank may not be able to meet near-term cash demands, such as funding liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meeting contractual obligations, or funding asset growth and new business initiatives at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse consequences. Our banking business is subject to four primary liquidity risks: contingency risk, mismatch risk, funding risk, and refinancing risk. Contingency risk arises from unexpected funding or liquidity needs occurring during adverse systemic or idiosyncratic economic or financial conditions. Mismatch risk may occur when illiquid assets are funded with less stable funding sources. Funding risk arises if funding sources become too concentrated, raising the risk of higher borrowing costs. Refinancing risk arises when a concentrated liability maturity profile creates near-term funding stress. Despite actions that we take to manage these risks, unanticipated changes in assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet commitments under various economic conditions (reduced wholesale funding capacity), or a substantial, unexpected, or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on us. If the cost effectiveness or the availability of supply in these credit markets is reduced for a prolonged period of time, our funding needs may require us to access funding and manage liquidity by other means. These alternatives may include generating client deposits, securitizing or selling loans, extending the maturity of wholesale borrowings, borrowing under certain secured borrowing arrangements, using relationships developed with a variety of fixed income investors to access new funds or renegotiate the terms of outstanding debt, and reducing loan growth and investment opportunities. These alternative means of funding would increase our overall cost of funds and they may not be available under stressed conditions, which may cause us to liquidate a portion of our liquid asset portfolio to meet any funding needs. Capital and liquidity requirements imposed by banking regulators and the credit rating agencies may require banks and BHCs to maintain more and higher quality capital and more and higher quality liquid assets. Evolving capital standards resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act and the Regulatory Capital Rules adopted by our regulators have had and will continue to have a significant impact on banks and BHCs, including Key. Fo

=== KEY_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors, on pages 25-43 of our 2025 Form 10-K; the section titled “Supervision and regulation” in this report; and our disclosure regarding forward-looking statements in this report. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds From time to time, KeyCorp or its principal subsidiary, KeyBank, may seek to retire, repurchase, or exchange outstanding debt of KeyCorp or KeyBank, and capital securities or preferred stock of KeyCorp, through cash purchase, privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise. Such transactions, if any, depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity and capital requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 82 Table of contents On March 13, 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we may purchase up to $1.0 billion of KeyCorp common shares, in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. During the fourth quarter of 2025, we began repurchasing shares under the share repurchase program. The timing and price of repurchases as well as the actual number of shares repurchased under the program will be at the discretion of KeyCorp and will depend on a variety of factors, including general market conditions, the stock price, regulatory requirements and limitations, corporate liquidity requirements, and other factors. As contemplated by the Investment Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2024, between KeyCorp and Scotiabank, in February 2025, we entered into an agreement with Scotiabank to permit Scotiabank to participate, through a periodic “true-up” right, in any repurchase by KeyCorp of its common stock on a pro rata basis. During the first quarter of 2026, Key completed $389 million, or approximately 18 million shares, in share repurchases including $45 million, or approximately 2 million shares, from Scotiabank pursuant to our repurchase agreement described above. We also repurchased $46 million of shares related to equity compensation programs in the first quarter of 2026. The following table summarizes our repurchases of our Common Shares for the three months ended March 31, 2026. Refer to Note 16 (“Shareholders' Equity”) for more information regarding share repurchases made during the three months ended March 31, 2026. Calendar month Total number of shares purchased (a) Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs January 1 - 31 3,211,357 $ 21.30 3,204,855 $ 730,933,896 February 1 -28 12,602,456 21.99 10,444,920 500,561,934 March 1 - 31 4,319,273 20.90 4,319,070 410,283,042 Total 20,133,086 $ 21.65 17,968,845 (a) Includes Common Shares deemed surrendered by employees in connection with our stock compensation and benefit plans to satisfy tax obligations. Item 5. Other Information No director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) of KeyCorp adopted , modified, or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended March 31, 2026, except as may be noted below. We do not permit the use of Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements by our directors or executive officers. Certain of our directors or officers have made elections to participate in, and are participating in, our KeyCorp Second Amended and Restated Discounted Stock Purchase Plan, our Long-Term Incentive Deferral Plan, our Directors’ Deferred Share Sub-Plan, and the Dividend Reinvestment Plan and dividend reinvestment features under various compensation plans and arrangements, and previously made elections to participate in KeyCorp common stock funds that are now frozen but were previously available as an investment option under our Deferred Savings Plan and KeyCorp 401(k) plan. By participating in these plans or stock funds, the directors or officers have made, and/or may from time to time make, elections involving transactions in KeyCorp Common Shares which may be designed to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act or may constitute non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as such term is defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act). 83 Table of contents Item 6. Exhibits 10.1 Transition Letter, dated March 2, 2026, by and between Amy G. Brady and KeyCorp , filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K on March 2, 2026).# ^ 15 Acknowledgment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 22 Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities, filed as Exhibit 22 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. ^ 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.* 101 The following materials from KeyCorp’s Form 10-Q Report for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2026, formatted in inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 The cover page from KeyCorp’s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2026, formatted in inline XBRL (contained in Exhibit 101). * Furnished herewith. # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. ^ Incorporated by reference. A copy of this Exhibit has been filed with the SEC. Exhibits that are not incorporated by reference are furnished or filed with this report. Shareholders may obtain a copy of any exhibit, upon payment of reproduction costs, by writing KeyCorp Investor Relations, 127 Public Square, Cleveland, OH 44114-1306. Information Available on Website KeyCorp makes available free of charge on its website, www.key.com , its annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after KeyCorp electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. We also make available a summary of filings made with the SEC of statements of beneficial ownership of our equity securities filed by our directors and officers and persons who own 10% or more of a registered class of our equity securities under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Information contained on or accessible through our website or any other website referenced in this report is not part of this report. 84 Table of contents SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the date indicated. KEYCORP (Registrant) May 5, 2026 /s/ Stacy L. Gilbert By: Stacy L. Gilbert Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 85 