=== CARR_2026-02-05.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS RISK FACTOR SUMMARY Risks Related to Our Business • Risks associated with our international operations could adversely affect our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. • We are party to joint ventures and other strategic relationships, which may not be successful and may expose us to unique risks and restrictions. • Risks associated with climate events, government regulations and incentives associated with climate events and mitigation efforts could adversely affect our business. • Demand for our HVAC products and services is influenced by weather conditions, seasonality, macroeconomic conditions and other factors. • Our business and financial performance depend on continued and substantial investments in our information and operational technology infrastructure, which may not yield anticipated benefits and which may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks. • Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. • We engage in acquisitions and divestitures and may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with, or disposing of businesses from, our current operations; therefore, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions and divestitures. • We incurred debt obligations, and we may incur additional debt in the future, which could adversely affect our business and profitability and our ability to meet other obligations. • We depend on our intellectual property and have access to certain intellectual property and information of our customers and suppliers. Infringement of or the failure to protect that intellectual property could adversely affect our future growth and success. • We use a variety of raw materials, supplier-provided parts, and third-party service providers in our business. The ability of suppliers to deliver materials, parts, components and manufacturing equipment to our manufacturing facilities, and our ability to manufacture without disruption, could affect our business performance. Significant shortages, supplier capacity constraints or production disruptions, price increases, duties, tariffs or other government actions could increase our operating costs, disrupt our operations and adversely impact the competitive positions of our products. • We design, manufacture and service products that incorporate advanced technologies. The introduction of new products and technologies involves risks, and we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. • We operate in a competitive environment and our profitability and competitive position depend on our ability to accurately estimate the costs and timing of providing our products and services. • Customers and others may take disruptive actions. • Labor matters may impact our business. • Our defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect our results. • We may not realize expected benefits from our cost reduction and restructuring efforts, and our profitability or our business otherwise might be adversely affected. • Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality could damage our reputation with customers and negatively impact our results. • We are subject to litigation, environmental and other legal and compliance risks. • We are subject to risks arising from doing business with the U.S. government. • We may recognize impairment charges for our goodwill and intangible assets. 10 Table of Contents • Failure to maintain a satisfactory credit rating could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs and access to the capital markets. Risks Related to the Separation from UTC • After the Separation and the Distribution, certain members of management, directors and shareowners own stock in UTC, Carrier and Otis and as a result may face actual or potential conflicts of interest. • In connection with the Separation into three independent public companies, each of UTC, Carrier and Otis has agreed to indemnify the other parties for certain liabilities. If we are required to pay UTC and/or Otis under these indemnities, our financial results could be negatively impacted. Also, the UTC or Otis indemnities may not be sufficient to hold us harmless from the full amount of liabilities for which UTC and Otis have been allocated responsibility, and UTC and/or Otis may not be able to satisfy their respective indemnification obligations in the future. • In certain circumstances, we could be required to indemnify UTC for material taxes and other related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the TMA. • Potential liabilities may arise due to fraudulent transfer considerations, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Common Stock • The market price and trading volume of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. • Shareowner's percentage of ownership in our common stock may be diluted in the future. • Quarterly cash dividends may be discontinued or modified, are subject to a number of uncertainties and may affect the price of our common stock. • Our amended and restated bylaws designate the courts within the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareowners, which could discourage lawsuits against Carrier and our directors and officers. • Anti-takeover provisions could enable our Board of Directors to resist a takeover attempt by a third party and limit the power of our shareowners. General Risks • Natural disasters, epidemics or other unexpected events may disrupt our operations, adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, and may not be fully covered by insurance. • We may be affected by global economic, capital market and political conditions, and conditions in the energy, construction, transportation and infrastructure industries in particular. Uncertainty in U.S. trade policy, including uncertainty surrounding changes in tariffs, trade agreements or other trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other governments, as well as political conditions in and between the United States and foreign countries in which we operate, could significantly and adversely affect our business and financial results. • Our business success depends on attracting and retaining key personnel and other talent throughout the Company. • Additional tax expense or additional tax exposures could affect our future profitability. • Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could materially and adversely affect us. 11 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by the factors set forth subsequently, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results. Risks Related to Our Business Risks associated with our international operations could adversely affect our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Approximately 52% of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2025, are derived from international operations, including U.S. export sales. As a result, changes in local and regional economic conditions, including fluctuating exchange rates, may adversely affect demand for our products and the profits generated by our non-U.S. operations because a significant portion of our sales and expenses are denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. While we attempt to manage our exchange rate risks, we are not completely insulated from that exposure. Exchange rates can be volatile and a substantial weakening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar could reduce our operating margins in various locations outside of the U.S., which would adversely impact the comparability of our results from period to period. Our international sales and operations are also subject to the risks associated with changes in local government regulations and policies regarding investments, employment, taxation, incentives, foreign exchange and capital controls and the repatriation of earnings. Moreover, government regulations and policies regarding international trade, such as import quotas, punitive taxes or tariffs or similar trade barriers, including counter-tariffs and other retaliatory trade policies, whether imposed by individual governments or regional trade blocs, can affect demand for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or services or encumber our ability to manufacture or sell or procure products in certain countries. The implementation of more restrictive trade policies, including tariffs, by the U.S. or by other countries, such as China and Mexico, where we sell or produce our products and services or procure materials, or unpredictability or rapid shifts in trade policies, including as a result of trade conflict between the U.S. and other countries, have in the past negatively impacted, and could in the future negatively impact, our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our international sales and operations are also sensitive to political and economic instability, changes in foreign national priorities and government budgets, and the risks associated with differing legal systems and customs in foreign countries. We expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to account for a significant portion of our sales as developing nations around the world increase their demand for our products. In addition, as part of our globalization strategy, we have invested in certain countries, including Mexico, Brazil, China, India, Saudi Arabia and other countries in the Middle East. Emerging markets can present many risks, including cultural differences (such as employment and business practices), compliance risks, economic and government instability, exchange rate fluctuations and the imposition of foreign exchange and capital controls. While these factors and their impact are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. We are party to joint ventures and other strategic relationships, which may not be successful and may expose us to unique risks and restrictions. Our business operations, particularly in our Climate Solutions Americas and Climate Solutions Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa segments, depend on various strategic relationships, namely, joint ventures and non-wholly owned subsidiaries. We sell our products and services through certain key distributor, joint venture and similar relationships, including the Carrier Enterprise joint ventures with Watsco, Inc., AHI-Carrier FZC, a United Arab Emirates-based joint venture and various joint ventures with members of the Midea Group. Some of our strategic relationships engage in manufacturing and/or product development. Loss of a key channel partner, or a significant downturn or deterioration in the business or financial condition of a key channel partner, joint venture or similar relationship, whether related to, among other things, a labor strike, diminished liquidity or credit unavailability, weak demand for products or delays in the launch of new products, could adversely affect our results of operations in a particular period or the value of our equity investment. If we are not successful in maintaining our strategic distribution relationships, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 12 Table of Contents In addition, our ability to apply our internal controls and governance and compliance policies to our minority-held joint ventures is limited and can expose us to additional financial and reputational risks. We seek to take proactive steps to mitigate these concerns, including through audits and similar reviews. Joint ventures and strategic relationships inherently involve certain other risks. Whether or not we hold a majority interest or maintain operational control in such arrangements, our partners and similar business associates may, for example: (1) have economic or business interests or objectives that are inconsistent with or contrary to our own; (2) exercise veto or other rights, to the extent available, to block actions that we believe are in our or the joint venture’s best interests; (3) act contrary to our policies or objectives; or (4) be unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations. In addition, there can be no assurance that any particular joint venture or strategic relationship will continue to be beneficial to us in the long term. For example, some of our joint ventures or other strategic agreements prohibit us from competing in certain geographic markets or product and services channels, and these restrictions may apply to other products and services we develop or businesses we acquire in the future. Risks associated with climate events, government regulations and incentives associated with climate events and mitigation efforts could adversely affect our business. The effects of climate events, including increased frequency and intensity of extreme weather conditions and water scarcity, create financial risks to our business. The potential impacts of climate events on our operations are highly uncertain and depend upon the unique geographic and environmental factors present; for example rising sea levels at certain of our facilities, changing storm patterns and intensities and changing temperature levels. The effects of climate events could disrupt our operations by impacting the availability and cost of materials and by increasing insurance and other operating costs. The effects of climate events also may impact our decisions to construct new facilities or maintain existing facilities in the areas most prone to physical risks, which could similarly increase our operating and material costs. We could also face indirect financial risks passed through the supply chain that could result in higher prices for our products and the resources needed to produce them. Potential adverse impacts from climate events may create health and safety issues for employees operating at our facilities and may lead to an inability to maintain standard operating hours. There is a general consensus that greenhouse gas emissions are linked to climate events, and that these emissions must be reduced dramatically to avert its worst effects. Increased public awareness and concern about climate events may continue to: (1) generate more international, regional and/or national requirements to curtail the use of high global warming potential refrigerants (e.g., the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol and the American Innovation and Manufacturing ("AIM") Act of 2020, which are essential to many of our products); (2) increase building energy and cold chain efficiency; (3) cause a shift away from the use of fossil fuels as an energy source, including natural gas prohibitions; and (4) lead to the adoption of additional rules and regulations surrounding public disclosures relating to greenhouse gas emissions, including those adopted in California and the European Union as well as in other jurisdictions, which may vary by jurisdiction. In some instances, these requirements may render our existing technology, particularly some of our HVAC and refrigeration products, non-compliant or obsolete and we may be required to make increased capital expenditures to meet new regulations and standards, changing interpretations and stricter enforcement of current laws and regulations, or divergent requirements across jurisdictions in which we operate. Furthermore, our customers and the markets we serve may impose emissions or other environmental standards through regulation, market-based emissions policies or consumer preferences that we may not be able to timely meet due to our required level of capital investment and technology advancement. While we are committed to pursuing sustainable solutions for our products, there can be no assurance that our development efforts will be successful, that our products will be accepted by the market, that proposed regulations or deregulation will not have an adverse effect on our competitive position, or that economic returns will justify our investments in new product development. At the same time, U.S. energy and climate policy may not align with the above trends. Inconsistent international, regional and/or national requirements associated with climate regulations, including the withdrawal by the U.S. from the Paris Climate Agreement, also create economic and regulatory uncertainty. There is also regulatory and budgetary uncertainty associated with government incentives, which, if discontinued or materially reduced, could adversely impact the demand for energy-efficient buildings and homes and could increase costs of compliance. Further, the retraction of existing and implementation of new U.S. energy and/or climate policy and incentives could significantly and adversely impact our business, strategic direction and growth plans. 13 Table of Contents We have set sustainability goals to be achieved by 2030, which include investing over $4 billion to develop intelligent climate and energy solutions that reduce environmental impacts, avoiding more than 1 gigaton of customer greenhouse gas emissions, achieving carbon neutral operations and reducing energy intensity by 10% across our operations. Although we intend to meet these goals, we have expended and may be required to continue to expend significant resources to do so, which has increased and could continue to increase our operational costs. Further, there can be no assurance of the extent to which any of our goals will be achieved, or that any future expenditures or investments we make in furtherance of achieving such goals will be available, effective, meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards regarding sustainability performance. For example, to make substantial progress toward or to meet some of these goals, we may need to purchase or deploy a combination of renewable energy utility contracts, carbon credits or offsets, energy-efficient or low-emission products or operations, or carbon sequestration technologies, and there can be no assurance of the extent to which such contracts, credits, offsets, products, operations or technologies will be available or effective in reducing emissions or energy intensity. As global regulatory reporting obligations continue to emerge and evolve, we strive to align our sustainability disclosures to global reporting requirements, standards, and best practices. To the extent that reporting gaps exist as reporting standards change over time, this could result in increased compliance costs and risks. Moreover, we may determine that it is in the best interest of our company and our shareowners to prioritize other business, social, governance or sustainability investments over the achievement of our current goals based on economic, regulatory and social factors, business strategy or pressure from investors, activist groups or other stakeholders. If we are unable to make substantial progress toward or meet these goals, then we could incur adverse publicity and reaction from investors, activist groups or other stakeholders, which could adversely impact the perception of us and our products and services by current and potential customers, as well as investors, which could in turn adversely impact our results of operations. Differing views of environmental, social and governance issues may also increase the risk that our goals or actions taken to meet our goals would be viewed unfavorably by investors, activist groups, current and potential customers, employees and other stakeholders. Demand for our HVAC products and services is influenced by weather conditions and seasonality. Demand for our HVAC products and services, representing our largest segments by sales, is seasonal and affected by the weather. Cooler than normal summers depress sales of our replacement air conditioning products and services and warmer than normal winters have the same effect on our heating products. Historically, sales to residential HVAC customers tend to be higher in the second and third quarters of the year because, in the U.S. and other northern hemisphere regions, spring and summer are the peak seasons for sales of air conditioning systems and services. In these circumstances, the results of any quarterly period may not be indicative of expected results for a full year, and unusual weather patterns or events could positively or negatively affect our business and impact overall results of operations. Our business and financial performance depend on continued and substantial investments in our information and operational technology infrastructure, which may not yield anticipated benefits and which may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks. The efficient operation of our business requires continued and substantial investments in information technology ("IT") and operational technology (“OT”, together, “Technology”) infrastructure systems. The failure to design, develop, maintain and implement Technology infrastructure systems in an effective and timely manner or to maintain these systems could divert management’s attention and resources. Our information systems may also become obsolete because of inadequate investments, requiring an unplanned transition to a new platform that could be time consuming, costly, and damaging to our competitive position and could require additional management attention. Repeated or prolonged interruptions of service because of poor execution, inadequate investments or obsolescence could have a significant adverse impact on our reputation and our ability to sell products and services. 14 Table of Contents Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. Our business has been and may again in the future be impacted by disruptions to our or third-party providers’ Technology infrastructure, which have resulted and could in the future result from (among other causes) cyber-attacks, infrastructure failures or compromises to our physical security. Cyber-based risks are evolving and include attacks: (i) on our Technology infrastructure; (ii) targeting the security, integrity and/or availability of hardware and software; (iii) exploiting weaknesses or vulnerabilities in our products, or capturing information installed, stored or transmitted in our products (including after the purchase of those products and when they are installed into, or into environments using, third-party products); and (iv) on facilities or similar infrastructure. Such attacks could disrupt our systems (or those of third parties) and business operations, impact the ability of our products to work as intended or result in the unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information in violation of applicable law and/or contractual obligations. We continue to make investments and adopt measures to enhance our protection, detection, response and recovery capabilities, and to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, operations and confidential data. However, depending on the nature, sophistication and scope of cyber-attacks, it is possible that potential vulnerabilities could go undetected for an extended period. As a result, we could potentially experience: (i) production downtimes; (ii) operational delays or other detrimental impacts on our operations; (iii) destruction or corruption of our data (or data at or third-party providers); (iv) security breaches; (v) manipulation or improper use of our or third-party systems, networks or products; and (vi) financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business, liability, penalties, fines and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Due to the evolving nature of such risks, the impact of any potential incident cannot be predicted. In addition, because of the global nature of our business, our internal systems and products must comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards in a number of jurisdictions, and government enforcement actions and violations of data privacy and cybersecurity laws could be costly or interrupt our business operations. Any disruption to our business arising from such issues, or an increase in our costs to cover these issues that is greater than what we have anticipated, could have an adverse effect on our reputation, competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. These risks are heightened by the increasingly connected nature of our products and services as we continue to focus on providing digitally-enabled lifecycle solutions to our customers, including due to the use of third-party products to connect these products and services to the internet, which may be subject to additional vulnerabilities beyond our control. We engage in acquisitions and divestitures and may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with, or disposing of businesses from, our current operations; therefore, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions and divestitures. We seek to grow through strategic acquisitions in addition to organic growth. In the past several years, we have acquired consolidated and minority-owned businesses in an effort to complement and expand our business, including the acquisition of the VCS Business, which we completed on January 2, 2024. We expect to continue such pursuits in the future. Our due diligence reviews may not identify all of the issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential loss contingencies of a particular transaction, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target’s historical activities. In connection with these acquisitions, we have in the past incurred, and expect to incur in the future, significant costs, including in connection with the integration of such businesses. For example, in connection with the integration of the VCS Business, we incurred transaction fees and costs related to formulating integration plans and achieving cost synergies, and the execution of our integration plans may lead to additional unanticipated costs, including costs related to employee retention, redeployment, relocation or severance fees, as well as costs necessary to maintain employee morale and to attract, motivate or retain management personnel and other key employees. Furthermore, integrating a business, including the VCS Business, may result in material challenges, including the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns; retaining key management and other employees; retaining or attracting business and operational relationships; managing the expenses and operational challenges of the integration process; consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures; coordinating geographically separate organizations; loss of customers, distributors, suppliers, and other business partners of the acquired business; unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications, internal controls and other systems; as well as potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses related to integration. We ultimately may not realize, and have sometimes not realized, the degree or timing of benefits or cost synergies we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction. 15 Table of Contents We also may incur, and have incurred, unanticipated costs or expenses, including asset impairment and other charges and expenses associated with litigation and other liabilities. In addition, in connection with certain acquisitions including the acquisition of the VCS Business, we have disclosed and may from time to time disclose, unaudited pro forma financial information. This pro forma financial information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of what our actual financial position or results of operations would have been had the acquisition been completed on the dates indicated therein. Further, our actual results and financial position may differ materially and adversely from the unaudited pro forma financial information, including due to certain adjustments made by our management, and due to changes between preliminary estimates of the fair value of assets to be acquired and liabilities to be assumed, and the final acquisition accounting. Additionally, accounting requirements relating to business combinations, including the requirement to expense certain acquisition costs as incurred, may cause us to incur greater earnings volatility and generally lower earnings subsequent to periods in which we acquire new businesses. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We also make strategic divestitures from time to time, including the dispositions during 2024 of Access Solutions, Industrial Fire, CCR and the CRF Business, as well as the pending disposition of the Riello business which is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approvals.. These and other divestitures may result in continued financial exposure to the divested businesses, such as through guarantees, other financial arrangements, continued supply and services arrangements or through

=== CARR_2026-04-30.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors There have been no material changes in the Company’s risk factors from those disclosed in "Risk Factors" in our 2025 Form 10-K . Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table provides information about our purchases during the three months ended March 31, 2026, of equity securities that are registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Total Number of Shares Purchased (in 000's) Average Price Paid per Share (1) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program (in 000's) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in millions) 2026 January 1 - January 31 — $ — — $ 5,332 February 1 - February 28 2,342 $ 63.61 2,342 $ 5,183 March 1 - March 31 2,706 $ 58.09 2,706 $ 5,025 Total 5,048 $ 60.65 5,048 (1) Excludes broker commissions. We may purchase our outstanding common stock from time to time subject to market conditions and at our discretion. Repurchases occur in the open market or through one or more other public or private transactions pursuant to plans complying with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. Since the initial authorization in February 2021, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $12.1 billion of the Company's outstanding common stock. Item 5. Other Information During the three months ended March 31, 2026, no director or Section 16 officer of the Company adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 40 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification* 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification* 31.3 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification* 32 Section 1350 Certifications* 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.* (File name: carr-20260331.xml) 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.* (File name: carr-20260331.xsd) 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.* (File name: carr-20260331_cal.xml) 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.* (File name: carr-20260331_def.xml) 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.* (File name: carr-20260331_lab.xml) 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.* (File name: carr-20260331_pre.xml) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101 Notes to Exhibits List: * Filed herewith. + Exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 41 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. CARRIER GLOBAL CORPORATION (Registrant) Dated: April 30, 2026 by: /s/PATRICK GORIS Patrick Goris Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Strategy Officer (on behalf of the Registrant and as the Registrant's Principal Financial Officer) Dated: April 30, 2026 by: /s/BERIL YILDIZ Beril Yildiz Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer (on behalf of the Registrant and as the Registrant's Principal Accounting Officer) 42 