=== NOC_2026-01-27.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within our control, that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. We encourage you to consider carefully the risk factors described below in evaluating the information contained in this report, as the outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Certain of the risk factors described below include references to past events as examples. You should not view those examples, or the absence of other examples, as a representation as to whether or not the events, factors or contingencies described in our risk factors have or have not occurred. Instead, the disclosures in this section reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. Industry and Economic Risks We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S. government, for a substantial portion of our business. Changes in this customer s strategies, priorities, preferences and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Our primary customer is the U.S. government, from which we derived 84 percent of our sales in 2025. We have a number of large programs with the DoW, in particular. The U.S. government has the ability to delay, modify or cancel ongoing competitions, procurements and programs, and change its acquisition strategies. Potential changes in the threat and global security environment; defense spending levels; government and budgetary priorities; political leadership; procurement laws, practices and strategy; inflation and other macroeconomic trends; military strategy, including changes in DoW priorities, preferences or regulations; or broader changes in social, economic, security or political demands and priorities could adversely affect existing, follow-on, replacement or future programs. Such impacts could include contract cancellations, modifications, disruptions and/or stop work orders, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. The U.S. government has the ability to terminate contracts, in whole or in part, for its convenience or for default of contract terms. In the event of termination for convenience, contractors are generally protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred and profit on those costs up to the amount authorized under the contract, but not the anticipated profit that would have been earned. However, to the extent insufficient funds have been appropriated by the U.S. government, the U.S. government may assert that it is not required to provide additional funding for such costs. In the event of termination due to default, contractors may be required to pay damages, including paying for re-procurement costs in excess of the original contract price, net of the value of work accepted from the original contract. Termination due to our default (or that of a teammate) could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to compete for other contracts and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. The U.S. government also has the ability to stop work under a contract for a limited period of time for its convenience. The U.S. government has stopped work in the past and could stop work across a limited or broad number of contracts. In the event of a stop work order, contractors are typically protected by provisions covering reimbursement for costs incurred to the date of the order and for costs associated with the temporary stoppage of work plus a reasonable fee. However, such temporary stoppages often introduce inefficiencies and result in financial and other damages for which contractors may not be able to obtain full recovery. In some cases, they have also ultimately resulted and could result in termination of a contract for convenience or reduced future orders. Additionally, if program costs exceed certain thresholds, or if programs are behind schedule, our U.S. government customer has been, and may in the future be, required to provide congressional notification of significant or critical cost increases or noncompliance with contractual cost or schedule provisions under the Nunn-McCurdy Act, which, in some circumstances, could result in program restructure or termination. Certain of our programs have been, and in the future, one or more of our programs could be, subject to notification under the Nunn-McCurdy Act, and if we are unable to achieve certification for continuance, or if the cost of such efforts exceeds our expectations, it could have a material adverse effect on such program and/or our reputation, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. The U.S. government can also introduce new contract terms that could impact and/or restrict our capital deployment strategy under certain circumstances related to contractor underperformance, noncompliance, insufficient prioritization of a particular contract, insufficient investment or insufficient production speed. If our contracts with the U.S. government include such terms and we are determined to have triggered any of the foregoing circumstances, we may be prohibited from engaging in share repurchases or dividends for a period of time. -8- Table of Contents NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs or U.S. government funding more broadly, including a prolonged continuing resolution, government shutdown or breach of the debt ceiling, and future budget and program decisions can negatively impact our business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. U.S. government programs are subject to annual congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes. For many programs, Congress appropriates funds annually even though the program performance period may extend over several years. Programs are often partially funded initially, with additional funds committed incrementally over time as Congress makes further appropriations. When we or our subcontractors incur costs in excess of funds obligated on a contract, we are generally at risk for reimbursement unless and until additional funds are obligated to the contract. We cannot predict what funding will ultimately be approved for individual programs. In addition, certain changes in priorities and defense spending, the timing and substance of the appropriations process, use of continuing resolutions (which may carry restrictions, including on new contracts and program starts) and the federal debt limit (including a breach of the federal debt ceiling), have adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect the amount and timing of funding for individual programs and delay purchasing or payments by our customers. In the event government funding for our significant programs is reduced, delayed or unavailable, our contracts or subcontracts, or competitions for such programs, have at times been, and in the future may be, terminated or changed, including a reduction in orders. The U.S. continues to face a changing geopolitical environment, along with substantial fiscal, economic, political and security challenges, which affect funding and budgetary priorities. The budget and macroeconomic environment, global security environment, political instability, and uncertainty surrounding the appropriations processes and the debt ceiling, remain significant short and long-term risks for our business. See Overview in MD A. Considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will unfold. We also have faced, and may in the future face, a prolonged government shutdown. A prolonged government shutdown could lead to program cancellations, disruptions and/or stop work orders and could limit the U.S. government s ability to progress programs and make timely payments. Such a shutdown could also limit our ability to perform on our contracts and/or successfully compete for, be awarded and/or begin new work. In addition, high deficit levels and high debt servicing costs could drive cuts to federal spending. If the statutory debt limit is reached and not increased adequately, we could be obligated to work without receiving timely payments, and a prolonged breach could have far-reaching adverse consequences. We use estimates when accounting for contracts. Contract cost growth or changes in estimated contract revenues and costs can affect our profitability and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Contract accounting requires judgment, including in assessing risks, estimating contract revenues and costs, and predicting future performance. Given the size and nature of our contracts, estimating total revenues and costs at completion is complex and subject to many variables. When there is sufficient information to assess expected future performance, we consider performance-related incentives, awards and penalties, as well as the expected performance of our suppliers and the availability and cost of labor, materials and components in estimating contract revenue and profitability. Our operating income can be adversely affected when estimated contract costs increase, especially without comparable increases in revenue. There are many reasons estimated contract costs can increase, including inflation, labor challenges, supply chain challenges, shortages of raw materials, market and exchange rate volatility, delays or limitations in customer funding, design or other development challenges, production challenges (including from technical or quality issues and other performance concerns), inability to realize learning curves or expected cost savings, changes in laws or regulations, actions necessary for long-term customer satisfaction, and natural disasters or other environmental matters. We aim to mitigate this risk through contract terms, and we have submitted and may submit requests for equitable adjustment (REAs), engineering change proposals (ECPs) or other requests or claims to seek recovery in whole or in part for our increased costs. We have also sought, and will seek, other avenues, as appropriate, to compensate the company for certain unexpected cost increases. However, our contracts may not enable full recovery, and/or customers may disagree with our requests or may not have funding to cover them. Changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates, and the failure to recover on REAs, ECPs or other claims could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of one or more of our contracts. -9- Table of Contents NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION In addition, from time to time, we may begin performing on a contract prior to completing contract negotiations. Uncertainties in final contract terms, quantity and pricing or loss of negotiating leverage associated with long delays in finalizing contract terms could negatively affect our profitability on those contracts. Certain of our contracts also include options exercisable at the customer s discretion. The customer may decline to exercise an option, or the customer may exercise an option for which we may incur a loss or perform at a low margin, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our risk varies by contract type. Fixed-price contracts tend to have more financial risk than cost-type contracts, including as a result of inflationary pressures, labor rates and shortages, challenges in estimating contract revenues and costs, and supplier challenges. In 2025, approximately half of our sales were derived from fixed-price contracts. We have entered into fixed-price contracts more often when costs can be more reasonably estimated based on actual experience, such as for mature production programs. However, our customers have sought, and may in the future seek, fixed-price contracts for development programs, combined development and production programs, or low-rate initial production programs, where the risks are greater. For example, fixed-price contracts for such programs have increased performance and financial risks due to a number of factors, including the following challenges: estimating costs required to complete such contracts, which are subject to significant variability, particularly with respect to development programs, starting and stabilizing manufacturing production and test lines while concurrently validating final design, and managing changes in requirements or capabilities requested by the customer. If we do not achieve our estimates or meet terms in our contracts, our profitability has at times been, and may be, reduced, and we have incurred and may incur losses. Under cost-type contracts, allowable costs are generally subject to reimbursement plus a fee. We often enter into cost-type contracts for development programs with complex design and technical challenges. These cost-type programs may have award or incentive fees that are uncertain and may be earned over extended periods or towards the end of the contract. In these cases, financial risks include profit recognition or program cancellation, including if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. We also face additional financial risk when solicitations require us to bid on cost-type development work and fixed-price production lots and/or options in one submission, where we must estimate the cost of production before a product has been developed and tested, or cost-type development work requiring us to provide certain items at our expense or with little or no fee. Changes in macroeconomic conditions increase these risks. Because of the significance of management s judgments and estimation processes, and the difficulties inherent in estimating future costs, particularly in a challenging and dynamic macroeconomic environment, it is possible that our results could differ materially from our estimates. See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in MD A and Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. Competitive dynamics within our markets may affect our ability to win new contracts and result in reduced revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. We operate in highly competitive markets and our competitors may have more financial capacity or more extensive or specialized engineering, technical, manufacturing, marketing or servicing capabilities. They may be willing to accept more risk or lower profitability in competing for contracts. We have seen, and anticipate we will continue to see, increased competition, including in some of our core markets, especially as a result of our customers budget pressures and their focus on speed, affordability and competition. The U.S. government s continued emphasis on reforming its acquisition processes, including procuring commercial products and services and utilizing non-Federal Acquisition Regulation-based procurement methods, such as Other Transaction Authority (OTA) agreements and other contract types, has facilitated, and may continue to facilitate, participation by new and emerging market entrants, which has increased and may in the future further increase competition for the programs we pursue, which could result in reduced contract opportunities, increased pricing pressure, and/or demands to accept less favorable terms. In certain circumstances, these alternative contracting models may place increased risk on the contractor, such as the potential for greater assumption of development costs or for limited reimbursement recourse in certain situations. Further, certain non-Federal Acquisition Regulation-based procurement methods, such as OTA awards, are not subject to all of the procurement requirements that typically apply to DoW contracts and rights to protest such awards may be more limited than for other contracts. Our customers are increasingly working with commercial contractors as well as newer entrants and startups in the defense industry for some products and services. Such contractors may have lower cost, more agile operating structures and access to capital and talent, a greater ability to leverage changes in the customer s acquisition -10- Table of Contents NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION strategies (e.g., multiple awardees, short lifecycles) or be more inclined to take on increased risk. In addition, some customers continue to utilize small business contractors or determine to source work internally. Our success in competing depends, in part, on our ability to remain price- and cost-competitive, respond to changes in customer acquisition strategies and preferences, accurately anticipate our customers needs, successfully effect our digital transformation strategy and identify, adopt and integrate new digital technologies, including artificial intelligence, into our manufacturing, operations, business processes, products and services. We expect that the increasing competition in the U.S. and outside the U.S. from U.S., foreign and multinational firms, including new entrants, could further increase due to mergers or acquisitions within our industry and could limit our access to certain suppliers, absent appropriate remedies to protect our interests. We are also facing increasing competition for, and more limited access to, various critical products, services and other supplies. Additionally, in some instances, companies both inside and outside the U.S. may receive loans, investments, subsidies, preferential treatment and other assistance from their governments or customers that may not be provided or available to other companies. Such assistance may increase the competitiveness of such companies in certain opportunities. Certain foreign companies may also be subject to fewer restrictions on technology transfer. In addition, U.S. government procurement and certain other countries laws permit legal challenges to the terms of a contract solicitation or award, sometimes referred to as a bid protest. Bid protests can result in award decisions being reversed and loss of the contract award. Even where a bid protest does not result in such a loss, it can result in significant expenses and delay the start of contract activities and revenue or result in contract modifications. The global macroeconomic environment has negatively impacted and could in the future negatively impact our business, and if we are unable to mitigate such challenges, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows have been and may in the future be adversely impacted by the global macroeconomic environment, which impacts have included and may in the future include high rates of inflation, increased interest rates, tight credit conditions in financial markets, widespread disruptions in supply chains, workforce challenges, including labor shortages, changes in trade policies, such as tariffs, and market volatility, including exchange rate volatility, all of which may affect material costs and supplier pricing. These and other macroeconomic challenges have led and can lead to increased costs, labor and supply shortages, and delays and disruption in performance, as well as competing demands for scarce resources, which in turn have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our customers, our industry, our company, our suppliers and others with whom we do business. We work proactively to mitigate the challenges caused by the macroeconomic environment, including, in some cases, hedging foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity price risk, and seeking the inclusion of economic price adjustment clauses or seeking to recover on REAs, ECPs or other claims, but the impacts of these challenges are uncertain and our efforts to mitigate them may not be successful. Legal and Regulatory Risks We are subject to various investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation, and other legal proceedings that could ultimately be resolved against us and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. The size, nature and complexity of our business make us particularly susceptible to investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, prosecutions, litigation and other legal proceedings (collectively legal proceedings ), particularly those involving governments, which may continue to increase. We are or may become subject to legal proceedings globally (including criminal, civil and administrative) and across a broad array of matters, including, but not limited to, government contracts; cost accounting; financial accounting and reporting; false statements or claims; cybersecurity; and pension accounting and other employee benefit plan matters. These matters can divert resources, result in administrative, civil or criminal fines, penalties or other sanctions (including judgments, convictions, consent or other voluntary decrees or agreements), compensatory, treble or other damages, non-monetary relief, or other liabilities, and otherwise harm our business and our ability to obtain and retain awards. Certain outcomes may lead to suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of export/import privileges for the company or one or more of its components. Suspension or debarment or criminal resolutions, in particular, could have a material adverse effect on the company because of our reliance on government contracts and export authorizations. Legal proceedings, even if pending or not ultimately resulting in adverse action, or even if fully indemnified or insured, can negatively impact our reputation among our customers, suppliers and the public, and make it substantially more difficult for us to compete effectively for business, obtain and retain awards, ensure -11- Table of Contents NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION adequate funding for our programs or obtain adequate supplies or insurance in the future. See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company s investigations, claims and litigation. As a U.S. government contractor, we and our partners are subject to various procurement and other laws, regulations and contract terms applicable to our industry, as well as those more broadly applicable to industry, and changes in such laws, regulations or terms, any negative findings by the U.S. government as to our or our partners compliance with them, and changes in our customers business practices globally could affect our ability to compete and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. U.S. government contractors (including their subcontractors and others with whom they do business) must comply with various specific procurement laws, regulations, rules and other legal requirements. If we are found to have violated any such requirements, or are found not to have acted responsibly, we may be subject to a wide array of actions, including contract modifications or termination, payment withholds, the loss of export/import privileges, administrative, civil or criminal judgments or penalties (including convictions, agreements, fines, damages and non-monetary relief), or suspension or debarment. Additionally, these various legal requirements, although sometimes customary in government contracting, increase costs and risks and have been and are evolving at a significant pace, which further increases costs and risks. The costs are not always fully recoverable. New laws or other requirements, or changes to existing ones (including, for example, related to cybersecurity, information and data protection, cost accounting, environment, sustainability, securities, competition, compensation costs, employment, taxes, counterfeit parts, pensions, use of certain non-US equipment or acquisitions more broadly), can significantly increase our costs (including compliance costs) and risks, create operational challenges, potentially limit our ability to return cash to shareholders, reduce our profitability and/or adversely affect our competitiveness. Such risks may increase as a result of new regulations or executive orders (such as the recent executive order applicable to government defense contractors, which seeks, among other things, to address underperformance and insufficient prioritization of government contracts, insufficient investment in production and production speed, as well as limit share repurchases and dividends by government defense contractors), different interpretations in how government agencies construe existing requirements, or government agencies taking positions that represent changes from historical practices. In addition, changes in priorities and government actions with respect to defense contracting have led to increased uncertainty regarding such risks, including as a result of uncertainty regarding the impact and implementation of recent executive orders. We operate in a highly regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the U.S. government and its agencies, such as the DCAA, Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) and the DoW Inspector General. These agencies review performance under our contracts, our cost structure and accounting, our compliance, and the adequacy of our systems in meeting government requirements. Costs ultimately found to be unallowable or improperly allocated are generally not reimbursed or require us to refund the customer. If an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to possible civil and criminal penalties, sanctions, or suspension or debarment. Whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the U.S. government has the ability to decrease or withhold certain payments when it deems systems to be inadequate, with significant financial impact, regardless of the ultimate outcome. As a result of such actions, we may be subject to increased scrutiny, identified for enforcement action, and/or required to engage in remediation efforts, any or all of which could damage our reputation, increase our costs (including compliance costs) and risks, create operational challenges, and/or adversely affect our competitiveness. In addition, we risk serious reputational harm in situations involving allegations of impropriety made against us or our business partners. Our industry has experienced, and we expect it will continue to experience, significant changes to business practices globally, in part as a result of changes in the global security and threat environment and an increased focus on affordability, efficiencies, business systems, recovery of costs and a reprioritization of available defense funds. We have experienced and may continue to experience an increased number of audits and challenges to our claims and our business systems for current and past years, as well as longer periods to close audits, broader requests for information and an increased risk of withholdings of payments. The U.S. government has been pursuing and may continue to pursue policies that could negatively impact our profitability, including those that shift additional responsibility, cost and performance risks to the contractor. The improper conduct of employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate can impact our reputation and our ability to do business, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. -12- Table of Contents NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORPORATION We face potential liability based on misconduct by employees, agents or others working with us or on our behalf that could violate the applicable laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing improper payments to government officials, the protection of export controlled or classified information, false claims, procurement integrity, cost accounting and billing, competition, information security and data privacy, intellectual property and contract terms. Improper actions by our employees, agents or others working with us or on our behalf also subject us to risk of administrative, civil or criminal investigations and enforcement actions, monetary and non-monetary penalties, liabilities, and the loss of privileges and other sanctions, including suspension and debarment. We have in the past experienced and may in the future experience misconduct committed by our employees, agents, suppliers, partners or others working with us or on our behalf. This risk of improper conduct increases as we continue to expand globally, with greater opportunities and demands to do more business with local and new partners, and in new environments. At the same time, law enforcement agencies are continuing to focus collaboratively on combating global corruption and other misconduct. We form and are members of joint ventures or other business arrangements and/or invest in third parties with whom we do business. We may be unable to prevent misconduct or violations of applicable laws by these joint ventures or our partners, including, in each case, their respective officers, directors and employees, and their actions may adversely impact us and our reputation. Environmental matters, unforeseen costs associated with compliance and remediation efforts, and government and third-party claims, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our financial