=== ATO_2025-12-19.htm.gz ===
ato-20251218 0000731802 DEF 14A false iso4217:USD 0000731802 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 2023-10-01 2024-09-30 0000731802 2022-10-01 2023-09-30 0000731802 2021-10-01 2022-09-30 0000731802 2020-10-01 2021-09-30 0000731802 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 1 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 2 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000731802 3 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Atmos Energy Corp oration (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Joint Letter from Chairman and President and CEO December 19, 2025 Dear Shareholder: We are pleased to invite you to attend the annual meeting of shareholders on Wednesday, February 4, 2026, at 9:00 a.m. Central Standard Time, which will be conducted virtually via webcast. You will be able to attend the meeting, vote your shares, and submit questions by logging on to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ATO2026 . The annual meeting will include a report on our operations and consideration of the matters set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement. All shareholders of record as of December 12, 2025, are entitled to vote. Your vote is very important. Whether you plan to attend the virtual meeting or not, please cast your vote over the internet, by telephone, or by mailing back a proxy card as soon as possible. Sincerely, "Atmos Energy is committed to the safety and success of our employees and communities, the environment, delivering a reliable source of energy, and providing exceptional customer service. As Chairman of the Board, I have worked alongside my fellow Directors as we oversee the Company s Vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services. On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, thank you for your continued support and investment in Atmos Energy." Kim Cocklin Kim R. Cocklin Chairman of the Board J. Kevin Akers President and Chief Executive Officer 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents Joint Letter from Chairman and President and CEO 1 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders 3 About Atmos Energy 5 Fiscal 202 5 Performance Highlights 6 Proxy Statement Overview 7 PROPOSAL 1 Election of Directors 10 Qualifications for Directors 10 Nominees for Director 12 Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters 18 Overview 18 Board Leadership Structure 19 Board Committees 19 Independence of Directors 22 Board Evaluation Process 22 Board Succession Planning 23 Board Oversight Responsibilities 24 Shareholder Engagement 26 Other Governance Policies and Practices 27 Director Compensation 29 Annual Review of Compensation 29 Fiscal 202 5 Annual Compensation 29 Long-Term Compensation 30 Summary of Cash and Other Compensation 30 Director Share Ownership Requirements 31 PROPOSAL 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 32 Audit and Related Fees 32 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy 33 Audit Committee Report 33 PROPOSAL 3 Approval, on an Advisory Basis, of the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers 34 Background of the Proposal 34 Executive Compensation 34 Compensation Discussion Analysis 35 Executive Summary 35 Executive Compensation Program Objectives and Strategy 38 2025 Elements of Compensation 39 Compensation Decision Process 43 Compensation Policies and Practices 45 Human Resources Committee Report 46 Named Executive Officer Compensation and Related Matters 47 Summary of Cash and Other Compensation 47 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 48 Outstanding Equity Awards 49 Vested Common Stock 50 Retirement Plans 50 Retirement Plans Tables 51 Change in Control Severance Agreements 52 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 52 CEO Pay Ratio 56 Pay versus Performance 57 PROPOSAL 4 Approval of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to Increase the Number of Authorized Shares of Common Stock 61 PROPOSAL 5 Approval of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to Provide for Plurality Voting in the Event of a Contested Election 62 PROPOSAL 6 Approval of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to Limit the Liability of Certain Officers as Permitted by Texas and Virginia Law 63 PROPOSAL 7 Approval of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to Clarify the Indemnification Provisions 64 PROPOSAL 8 Approval of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to Remove Obsolete Provisions and Make Certain Other Clarifying, Technical, and Conforming Changes 65 Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 66 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 66 Security Ownership of Directors, Nominees, and Executive Officers 67 Information About the Annual Meeting 68 Proxy Solicitation 69 Shareholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting 69 Annual Report 70 Other Business 70 Appendix A Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to Increase the Number of Authorized Shares of Common Stock A- 1 Appendix B Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to Provide for Plurality Voting in the Event of a Contested Election B - 1 Appendix C Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to Limit the Liability of Certain Officers as Permitted by Texas and Virginia Law C - 1 Appendix D Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to Clarify the Indemnification Provisions D - 1 Appendix E Amendment to Texas Articles of Incorporation to Remove Obsolete Provisions and Make Certain Other Clarifying, Technical, and Conforming Changes E - 1 Appendix F Amendment to Virginia Articles of Incorporation to Remove Obsolete Provisions and Make Certain Other Clarifying, Technical, and Conforming Changes F - 1 2 Atmos Energy Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders 2026 Annual Meeting Information MEETING DATE AND TIME: February 4, 2026 9:00 a.m. (Central) VIRTUAL MEETING LOCATION: Webcast at www.virtualshareholder meeting.com/ATO2026 RECORD DATE: December 12, 2025 Annual Meeting Business Atmos Energy Corporation s annual meeting of shareholders will be held February 4, 2026 to: 1 Page 10 2 Page 32 3 Page 34 4 Page 61 Elect the 12 directors named in the proxy statement for one-year terms expiring in 2027 Ratify the Audit Committee s appointment of Ernst Young LLP ( Ernst Young or E Y ) to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2026 Approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the named executive officers of the Company for fiscal 2025 ( Say-on-Pay ) Approve Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to Increase the Number of Authorized Shares of Common Stock Board recommends FOR each director Board recommends FOR Board recommends FOR Board recommends FOR 5 Page 62 6 Page 63 7 Page 64 8 Page 65 Approve Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to Provide for Plurality Voting in the Event of a Contested Election Approve Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to Limit the Liability of Certain Officers as Permitted by Texas and Virginia Law Approve Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to Clarify the Indemnification Provisions Approve Amendment to Articles of Incorporation to Remove Obsolete Provisions and Make Certain Other Clarifying, Technical, and Conforming Changes Board recommends FOR Board recommends FOR Board recommends FOR Board recommends FOR In addition to the above matters, we will transact any other business that is properly brought before the shareholders at the annual meeting. Attending and Voting at the Annual Meeting There will be no physical location for the annual meeting. Shareholders may attend, vote, examine the list of shareholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, and ask questions at the meeting only by logging in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ATO2026 . To participate, you will need your unique control number included on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. Voting YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT TO US. Shareholders of record of our common stock at the close of business on December 12, 2025, will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, our meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the annual meeting, we urge you to vote as soon as possible by one of these methods. BY INTERNET www.proxyvote.com BY TELEPHONE 1.800.690.6903 BY MAIL Follow the instructions on your proxy card or voting instruction form 2026 Proxy Statement 3 If you are a beneficial owner of shares held through a broker, bank, or other holder of record, you must follow the voting instructions you receive from the holder of record to vote your shares. Shareholders may also vote during the virtual meeting using the unique control number assigned to him or her. For more information on how to vote your shares, please refer to Information About the Meeting beginning on page 68 . Jessica W. Bateman Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary December 19, 2025 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be Held on February 4, 2026: This Proxy Statement, along with the Company s Annual Report, which includes our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, are available at www.proxyvote.com. 4 Atmos Energy About Atmos Energy Atmos Energy Corporation, a natural gas-only distributor, is an S P 500 company headquartered in Dallas. We safely deliver reliable, efficient, and abundant natural gas to approximately 3.4 million distribution customers in over 1,400 communities across eight states located primarily in the South. As part of our Vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services, we are modernizing our business and infrastructure while continuing to invest in safety, innovation, environmental sustainability, and our communities. Atmos Energy manages proprietary pipeline and storage assets, including one of the largest intrastate natural gas pipeline systems in Texas. Our Company We are a fully regulated, natural gas-only distributor of reliable, efficient, and abundant energy. Our Vision Our Vision is for Atmos Energy to be the safest provider of natural gas services. We will be recognized for exceptional customer service , for being a great employer , and for achieving superior financial results. Our Strategy Atmos Energy s strategy is to : operate our business exceptionally well invest in our people and our infrastructure enhance our culture 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Fiscal 2025 Performance Highlights Financial Results and Accomplishments In fiscal 2025, Atmos Energy continued to work toward achieving our Vision of being the safest provider of natural gas services. Earnings and earnings per share increased for the 23rd consecutive year. In fiscal 2025, we generated net income of $1,199 million or $7.46 per diluted share. We recorded net income of $1,042.9 million, or $6.83 per diluted share for the year ended September 30, 2024. Capital expenditures for fiscal 2025 totaled approximately $3.6 billion, with 87% of this amount invested to improve the safety and reliability of our distribution and transmission systems. DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $7.46 23rd Consecutive Year of EPS Growth DECLARED DIVIDENDS PER SHARE $3.48 Up from $3.22 for FY 2024 41st Consecutive Year of Dividend Growth 14TH YEAR OF ORGANIC GROWTH STRATEGY EXECUTED OUR REGULATORY STRATEGY EPS of $7.46 23rd consecutive year of EPS growth FY 2025 Dividend of $3.48 8.1% growth over FY 2024 Implemented $333.6 million of annualized regulatory outcomes during fiscal 2025 Capital spending of $3.6 billion Maintained strong balance sheet; equity capitalization of 60% as of September 30, 2025 6 Atmos Energy Proxy Statement Overview This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider before casting your vote. Please read this entire proxy statement carefully before voting. This proxy statement is first being made available to our Shareholders on or about December 19, 2025. Director Nominees (a) We have included summary information about each director nominee in the table below. Each director is elected annually by a majority of votes. See Nominees for Director beginning on page 12 for more information regarding our director nominees. Director Since Committees Name and Primary Occupation Age AC HR NC CR EC J. Kevin Akers (b) President and Chief Executive Officer, Atmos Energy 62 2019 John C. Ale Former Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Southwestern Energy Company 71 2022 Kim R. Cocklin Chairman of the Board, Atmos Energy 74 2009 Kelly H. Compton Executive Director, The Hoglund Foundation 68 2016 Mitzi H. Coogler Chief Financial Officer, J.T. Harrison Construction Co., Inc. 55 Sean Donohue Former Chief Executive Officer, DFW International Airport 64 2018 Rafael G. Garza Executive Vice Chairman of VBT Financial Corporation and Founder and Executive Vice Chairman of Vantage Bank Texas 65 2016 Edward J. Geiser Executive Managing Partner, Juniper Capital Advisors, L.P. 47 2024 Nancy K. Quinn Independent Energy Consultant 72 2004 Telisa Toliver Former General Manager, Renewable Power, Chevron Pipeline and Power 64 2024 William J. Ware President and Director of Amarillo National Bank 47 Frank Yoho Former Executive Vice President and President of Natural Gas, Duke Energy 66 2020 AC = Audit EC = Executive HR = Human Resources = Member NC = Nominating and Corporate Governance = Chair CR = Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Safety = Independent (a) Richard A. Sampson, Lead Director and Chair of the Human Resources Committee and Executive Committee, reached mandatory retirement age, and therefore is not standing for re-election. (b) The director is not independent and accordingly is not eligible to be a member of any of the committees except the Executive Committee and/or the Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Safety Committee, pursuant to the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 Proxy Statement Overview Board Highlights Independence Tenure 6.5 years Average Tenure 92% of Director Nominees are Independent Gender Race/Ethnicity 42% Board Refreshment (last five years) 33% of Director Nominees are Women 17% of Director Nominees are Racially/Ethnically Diverse Corporate Governance Highlights Our corporate governance policies and practices promote the long-term interests of our shareholders, strengthen the accountability of our Board of Directors ( Board ) and management, and help build public trust in the Company. Below is a summary of some of the highlights of our corporate governance framework. BOARD PRACTICES independent Lead Director separation of Chairman and CEO 11 of 12 director nominees are independent annual election of all directors regular executive sessions of independent directors comprehensive and strategic risk oversight mandatory retirement age for directors annual board and committee evaluations all committees chaired by independent directors SHAREHOLDER MATTERS robust shareholder engagement annual Say-on-Pay vote majority voting for director elections no poison pill in force OTHER GOVERNANCE PRACTICES executive and director stock ownership guidelines clawback policy applicable to all incentive and equity compensation prohibition on hedging or pledging stock 8 Atmos Energy Proxy Statement Overview Compensation Highlights Our compensation programs are designed to both attract and retain top-level executive talent and align the long- and short-term interests of our executives with those of our shareholders. We received more than 92% shareholder support for our Say-on-Pay vote in 2025, which our Human Resources Committee considers to be among the most important items of feedback about our compensation programs. We recognize and reward our executive officers through compensation arrangements that directly link their pay to the Company s performance, and we ensure a strong alignment of interests with our shareholders by including a significant amount of equity in the overall mix of pay. Our pay mix includes base salary, an annual incentive cash bonus plan ( Incentive Plan ), and a long-term incentive plan ( LTIP ) under which we grant time-based and performance-based restricted stock units ( RSUs ). We received more than 92% shareholder support for our Say-on-Pay vote in 2025 Fiscal 2025 Target Compensation Mix CEO Average for Other Named Executive Officers Key Features of Our Executive Compensation Program What We Do What We Don t Do Executive officer awards under the Incentive Plan and performance-based RSUs are generally capped at 200% of target. Awards under both programs are capped at 100% of target if the Company s total shareholder return ( TSR ) for the performance period is negative. Seventy-five percent of LTIP awards are performance-contingent. Our clawback policy goes beyond the requirements of Dodd Frank and covers all incentive compensation, including both time-based and performance-based equity awards. Executives and directors are subject to share ownership guidelines and retention requirements. Our change in control severance arrangements are triggered only by an involuntary job loss or substantial diminution of duties. Severance under our change in control severance arrangements does not exceed three times the sum of a named executive officer s base salary and their most recent Incentive Plan payment. We have no employment agreements with our officers. We prohibit hedging and pledging of our securities at any time by any employees or directors. There is no single trigger vesting of outstanding awards under our LTIP upon a change in control. Our change in control severance arrangements do not contain excise tax gross-up payments. We have no excessive perquisites for executives. We pay dividends on performance-based RSUs when vesting is complete and then only to the extent performance targets are met. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 Proposal 1 Election of Directors The Board is nominating the 12 individuals below to serve as directors with one-year terms that will expire in 2027. All were recommended for nomination by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the Governance Committee ). The names, ages, biographical summaries, and qualifications of the persons who have been nominated to serve as our directors are set forth under Nominees for Director, beginning on page 12 . Each of the nominees has consented to be a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. The Board currently consists of 11 directors and will be increased to 12 directors as of the annual meeting. The Board of Directors recommends that our shareholders vote FOR each of the nominees named above for election to the Board. Qualifications for Directors Nominees for director must possess, at a minimum, the level of education, experience, sophistication and expertise required to perform the duties of a member of the board of directors of a public company of our size and scope. Once a person is nominated, the committee will assess the qualifications of the nominee, including an evaluation of his or her judgment and skills. The Board has adopted guidelines outlining the qualifications and skills considered when considering non-employee director nominees, which are discussed in our Corporate Governance Guidelines on our website at https://www.atmosenergy.com/company/corporate-responsibility-reports . At a minimum, the Board believes that each non-employee director should have a basic understanding of the principal operational and financial objectives, plans, and strategies of the Company, the results of operations and financial condition of the Company and of any significant subsidiaries or business segments, and the relative standing of the Company and its business segments in relation to its competitors. Qualifications and skills considered by the Board Outstanding achievement in personal careers Prior board experience Wisdom, integrity and ability to make independent, analytical inquiries Understanding of our business environment Willingness to devote adequate time to board duties Understanding of principal operational and financial objectives, plans, and strategies of a corporation or organization of our stature Understanding of results of operations and financial condition of an organization and of any significant subsidiaries or business segments Understanding of an organization and its business segments in relation to its competitors Approach to Diversity The Board and the Governance Committee believe it is important that our directors represent a variety of diverse viewpoints, backgrounds, skills, and experiences. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that the Governance Committee shall evaluate each director s continued service on the Board, at least annually, by considering the appropriate skills and characteristics of members of the Board in the context of the then current makeup of the Board. The Board is committed to balance and diversity on the Board and will not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity, age, national origin, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics in selecting nominees. It is also the practice of the committee to consider these factors when screening and evaluating candidates for nomination to the Board. 10 Atmos Energy Proposal One: Election of Directors Director Nominees Skills, Experience and Attributes Experience % of Board Industry Experience 58% Safety 50% Regulatory/Policy 50% Strategy/M A 83% Finance/Accounting 67% Independent 92% Diversity 42% Public Company Leadership Experience 42% Public Company Board Experience 33% Background Years Serving 6 3 16 9 0 7 9 1 21 1 0 5 Age 62 71 74 68 55 64 65 47 72 64 47 66 Gender M M M F F M M M F F M M Race/Ethnicity Hispanic African American/Black White 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Proposal One: Election of Directors Nominees for Director Each of the following current directors was last elected by shareholders at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders except Ms. Mitzi Coogler and Mr. William Ware, who are new director nominees identified by current Board members. Mr. Richard Sampson is not standing for reelection because he has reached mandatory retirement age. Each of the nominees has been nominated to serve a one-year term on the Board of Directors with such term expiring in 2027. J. Kevin Akers President and Chief Executive Officer, Atmos Energy Director since 2019 Age: 62 PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND President and Chief Executive Officer since October 2019 Executive Vice President from November 2018 through September 2019 Senior Vice President, Safety and Enterprise Services from January 2017 through November 2018 President of the Kentucky/Mid-States Division of the Company from May 2007 through December 2016 President of the Company s Mississippi Division from 2002 to 2007 QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Akers has more than 35 years experience in the natural gas industry, including 34 with the Company. Over the course of his career, he has gained extensive management and operational experience. Such experience and management skills, as well as his demonstration of those attributes discussed in the Qualifications for Directors section, has led the Board to nominate Mr. Akers to continue serving as a director of Atmos Energy. John C. Ale Former Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Southwestern Energy Company Independent Director since 2022 Age: 71 PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Southwestern Energy Company, an independent energy company engaged in natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil exploration, development, production, and marketing, from November 2013 to June 2020 Vice President and General Counsel of Occidental Petroleum Corporation from April 2012 to August 2013 External counsel to the energy industry as a partner with Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP and Vinson Elkins LLP Executive Director and General Counsel of Azurix Corp., a global water company, from December 1998 to January 2002 QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Ale has more than 40 years experience in the energy and utility sectors. In addition to his display of the attributes discussed in the Qualifications for Directors section, his substantial experience in the energy sector, and knowledge of environmental, social, governance, and cyber security issues relating to the industry, has led the Board to nominate Mr. Ale to continue serving as a director of Atmos Energy. BOARD COMMITTEES: Nominating and Corporate Governance and Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Safety 12 Atmos Energy Proposal One: Election of Directors Kim R. Cocklin Chairman of the Board, Atmos Energy Independent Director since 2009 Age: 74 PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND Chairman of the Board since December 2020 Executive Chairman of the Board from October 2017 to December 2020 Chief Executive Officer or President and Chief Executive Officer from October 2010 to September 2017 President and Chief Operating Officer from October 2008 to September 2010 Senior Vice President, Regulated Operations from October 2006 to September 2008 Senior Vice President from June 2006 to September 2006 Various leadership roles within leading natural gas industry associations, including the Southern Gas Association and the American Gas Association QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Cocklin has over 35 years experience in the natural gas industry, most of that serving in senior management positions at Atmos Energy, Piedmont Natural Gas Company, and The Williams Companies. Due to his professional experience in the energy industry and leadership roles with Atmos Energy, other energy companies and industry associations, his strong background in the natural gas industry, including interstate pipeline companies, local distribution companies, and gas treatment facilities, his extensive experience in rates and regulatory matters, business development and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance matters, as well as possessing those attributes discussed in the Qualifications for Directors section, the Board has nominated Mr. Cocklin to continue serving as a director of Atmos Energy. Kelly H. Compton Executive Director, The Hoglund Foundation Independent Director since 2016 Age: 68 PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND Executive Director of The Hoglund Foundation, which partners with education and family support agencies in Dallas, Texas, since 1992 Vice President of Commercial Lending for NationsBank Texas and its predecessors from 1979 to 1992 Board of Trustees for Southern Methodist University and the Board of Trustees for The Perot Museum of Nature and Science QUALIFICATIONS As a result of Ms. Compton s leadership abilities and experience in public and private finance, development and strategic matters, her experience as a philanthropic leader for over 30 years, her understanding of the impact of organizations on communities, and her possession of those attributes discussed in the Qualifications for Directors section, the Board has nominated Ms. Compton to continue serving as a director of Atmos Energy. BOARD COMMITTEES: Human Resources and Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Safety 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Proposal One: Election of Directors Mitzi H. Coogler Chief Financial Officer, J.T. Harrison Construction Co., Inc. Independent Age: 55 PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND Chief Financial Officer of J.T. Harrison Construction Co., Inc. since November 2023 Certified Public Accountant at Mitzi H. Coogler, CPA since January 2014 Chief Executive Officer and Board member of Southeast Cancer Network, Inc. from 2017 to 2021 Chief Financial Officer of various closely held businesses from 2018 to 2022 Certified Public Accountant, staff accountant to managing partner from 1994 to 2014 OTHER PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Birchtech Corp. QUALIFICATIONS In her role as Chief Financial Officer of J.T. Harrison Construction Co., Inc., Ms. Coogler is responsible for overseeing financial processes, procedures, and results. This experience, in addition to Ms. Coogler s experience on the Audit Committee of Birchtech Corp., as well as her possession of those attributes discussed in the Qualifications for Directors section, the Board has nominated Ms. Coogler to serve as a director of Atmos Energy. Sean Donohue Former Chief Executive Officer, DFW International Airport Independent Director since 2018 Age: 64 PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND Former Chief Executive Officer of Dallas Fort Worth International Airport from 2013-2025 Chief Operating Officer for Virgin Australia Airlines from 2010 to 2013 Various executive roles for United Airlines from 1985 to 2010 QUALIFICATIONS In his role as Chief Executive Officer of Dallas Fort Worth International Airport, Mr. Donohue was responsible for the airport s management, operation, and future strategy and development. This, as well as Mr. Donohue s leadership abilities and experience in strategy and development matters, in addition to displaying those attributes discussed in the Qualifications for Directors section, led the Board to nominate Mr. Donohue to continue serving as a director of Atmos Energy. BOARD COMMITTEES: Nominating and Corporate Governance and Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Safety 14 Atmos Energy Proposal One: Election of Directors Rafael G. Garza Executive Vice Chairman of VBT Financial Corporation; and Founder and Executive Vice Chairman of Vantage Bank Texas Independent Director since 2016 Age: 65 PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND Executive Vice Chairman of VBT Financial Corporation and Founder and Executive Vice Chairman of Vantage Bank Texas since 2018 Founder of RGG Capital Partners, LLC and Bravo Equity Partners, LP, private investment companies, from 2000 to 2024 17 years experience with E Y from 1982 to 2000, including various Senior Leadership positions with E Y s Assurance and Corporate Finance Consulting divisions Member of Boards of Texas Christian University, the Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth and Baylor Scott White Holdings QUALIFICATIONS Due to Mr. Garza s involvement in private investments, banking, and corporate finance, he has significant experience in audit, complex financial matters, mergers and acquisitions, and financial strategy. Because of Mr. Garza s in-depth experience with financial management and strategic planning, his leadership abilities and his possession of the attributes discussed in the Qualifications for Directors section, the Board has nominated Mr. Garza to continue serving as a director of Atmos Energy. BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit, Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair), and Executive Edward J. Geiser Executive Managing Partner, Juniper Capital Advisors, L.P. Independent Director since 2024 Age: 47 PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND Executive Managing Partner of Juniper Capital Advisors, L.P. since 2015 Chairman of the Board of Ranger Oil Corporation from January 2021 to June 2023 Former Head of Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee for Ranger Oil Corporation Former Member of Compensation Committee for Ranger Oil Corporation QUALIFICATIONS In his position as Executive Managing Partner of Juniper Capital Advisors, L.P., Mr. Geiser has led its Investment Committee, set strategic direction and priorities, overseen existing investments and analyzed potential new investments, overseen fundraising efforts, and overseen firm administration. Based upon his business experience in investment banking and the energy industry, in particular, his past experience as Chairman of the Board, Head of Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, and member of the Compensation Committee for Ranger Oil Corporation, as well as possessing those attributes discussed in the Qualifications for Directors section, the Board has nominated Mr. Geiser to continue serving as a director of Atmos Energy. BOARD COMMITTEES: Human Resources and Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Safety 2026 Proxy Statement 15 Proposal One: Election of Directors Nancy K. Quinn Independent Energy Consultant Independent Director since 2004 Age: 72 PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND Independent energy consultant since July 1996, providing senior financial and strategic advice, primarily to clients in the energy and natural resources industries Prior to 2000, Senior advisory role with the Beacon Group, focusing on energy industry private equity opportunities and merger and acquisition transactions Previous leadership positions at PaineWebber Incorporated and Kidder, Peabody Co. Incorporated Current and previous Board leadership positions including Chair of the Audit Committee, Chair of the HR Committee, and Lead Director Previous member of the Boards of Helix Energy Solutions Group, Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Corp. and DeepTech International Inc. QUALIFICATIONS The Board has nominated Ms. Quinn, based upon her considerable experience in the natural gas industry, her demonstrated leadership abilities as a board leader in several public companies and her exhibition of those attributes discussed in the Qualifications for Directors section, the Board has nominated Ms. Quinn to continue serving as a director of Atmos Energy. BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit (Chair), Human Resources, and Executive Telisa Toliver Former GM, Renewable Power, Chevron Pipeline and Power Independent Director since 2024 Age: 64 PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND General Manager, Renewable Power, Chevron Pipeline and Power from 2019 to 2024 Vice President, Business and Commercial Development, Chevron Pipeline and Power from 2017 to 2019 Senior Vice President, Business Development and Strategy, Chevron Pipe Line Company from 2011 to 2017 Vice President, Commercial Development, Chevron Pipe Line Company from 2006 to 2011 QUALIFICATIONS From her management positions with Chevron Pipeline and Power and Chevron Pipe Line Company, Ms. Toliver has extensive experience in the oil and gas industry, including human resources management, organizational design, sustainability, safety, risk management, governance, and strategic planning. Based upon this experience, as well as possessing those attributes discussed in the Qualifications for Directors section, the Board has nominated Ms. Toliver to continue serving as a director of Atmos Energy. BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit and Human Resources 16 Atmos Energy Proposal One: Election of Directors William J. Ware President and Director of Amarillo National Bank Independent Age: 47 PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND President and Director of Amarillo National Bank since 2016 Amarillo National Bank Board of Directors since 2008 Amarillo National Bank primary regulatory contact: Office of the Comptroller of Currency, Dallas Federal Reserve Bank, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Founding Director of Lone Star State Bank from 2007 to 2019 QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Ware has developed substantial knowledge of the financial services industry during his over 20-year career with a nationally recognized banking institution. Mr. Ware has a strong background in assessing and overseeing complex financial matters, as well as leadership experience in marketing, strategic planning, and communications. He has also served on numerous boards and committees, including Chair of the SMU 21st Century Advisory Council, Incoming Chair of the Amarillo Area Foundation, West Texas A M University Foundation, CDIAC Committee of the Dallas Federal Reserve Bank, and BSA Hospital Advisory Board. Due to his valuable insight into financial-related matters gained though his extensive banking industry experience, as well as his possession of those attributes discussed in the Qualifications for Directors section, the Board has nominated Mr. Ware to serve as a director of Atmos Energy. Frank Yoho Former Executive Vice President and President of Natural Gas, Duke Energy Independent Director since 2020 Age: 66 PROFESSIONAL BACKGROUND Executive Vice President and President of Natural Gas of Duke Energy from 2016 to September 2019 Previously Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of Piedmont Natural Gas Previously served on the boards of the American Gas Association, Southern Gas Association and Energy Production and Infrastructure Center (EPIC) at UNC Charlotte and the board of trustees for the Institute of Gas Technology QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Yoho has more than 35 years experience in the natural gas industry in a variety of roles that included marketing, business development, and gas supply. He was instrumental in the integration of Piedmont Natural Gas into Duke Energy and oversaw operations, commercial, regulatory, and community responsibilities for all aspects of the natural gas business for Duke Energy. In light of Mr. Yoho s knowledge and expertise in the energy industry and leadership abilities developed at Duke Energy, Piedmont Natural Gas, and industry associations, as well as his demonstration of those attributes discussed in the Qualifications for Directors section, the Board has nominated Mr. Yoho to continue serving as a director of Atmos Energy. BOARD COMMITTEES: Audit, Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Safety (Chair), and Executive 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters Overview Board and Committee Meetings in 2025 In fiscal 2025, the Board held five meetings. Each of the directors attended at least 75% of the total meetings of the Board and the Committees on which he or she served. In addition, we strongly support and encourage each member of our Board to attend our annual meeting of shareholders. Except for one member of the Board who had technical issues, all members of the Board attended our annual meeting of shareholders on February 5, 2025. Independent Board Oversight The Board s leadership structure is designed so that independent directors exercise oversight of the Company s management and key issues related to strategy and risk. Only independent directors serve on our Audit Committee, Human Resources Committee ( HR Committee ) and Governance Committee, and all standing Board committees are chaired by independent directors. Executive Sessions Independent directors regularly hold executive sessions of the Board led by the Lead Director outside the presence of the Chairman, the President and CEO, or any other Company employee, and they generally meet in a private session with the Chairman and the President and CEO at regularly scheduled Board meetings. Board Engagement The Board welcomes the regular attendance at each Board meeting of the Company s executive officers who are not members of the Board. Additionally, the Board (both as a whole and each director individually) and each Board committee has complete access to the Company s management. The Board encourages the executive officers to bring non-executive managers to Board meetings, from time to time, who can provide additional insight into the items being discussed because of personal involvement in these areas as well as represent non-executive managers with future potential that the senior management believes should be given exposure to the Board. Corporate Governance Guidelines In accordance with, and pursuant to, the corporate governance standards of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ), the Board has adopted and periodically updates our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which govern the structure and proceedings of the Board and contain the Board s position on many governance issues. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on our website at https://www.atmosenergy.com/company/corporate-responsibility-reports . 18 Atmos Energy Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters Board Leadership Structure The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that our Board has the right to exercise its discretion to either separate or combine the offices of the Chairman of the Board and the CEO. This decision is based upon the Board s determination of what is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, in light of the circumstances and taking into consideration succession planning, skills and experience of the individuals filling those positions, and other relevant factors. The current leadership structure is based on the experienced leadership provided by a Chairman of the Board (currently Mr. Cocklin) and a full-time President and CEO (currently Mr. Akers), with both positions being subject to oversight and review by the Company s independent directors. The Board recognizes that if the circumstances change in the future, other leadership structures might also be appropriate and it has the discretion to revisit this determination of the Company s leadership structure. The Board s leadership structure is designed so that independent directors exercise oversight of the Company s management and key issues related to strategy and risk. Only independent directors serve on our Audit Committee, HR Committee, and Governance Committee, and all standing Board committees are chaired by independent directors. Additionally, independent directors regularly hold executive sessions of the Board led by the Lead Director (defined below) outside the presence of the Chairman, the President and CEO or any other Company employee, and they generally meet in a private session with the Chairman and the President and CEO at regularly scheduled Board meetings. Each year, the independent directors of the Board select an independent director to serve as a Lead Director. The Lead Director is expected to consult with the chairs of the appropriate Board committees and solicit their participation. The Lead Director also has the authority to call meetings of the independent directors as well as the non-management directors, and if requested by major shareholders, will ensure that he or she is available for consultation and direct communication. In February 2025, the independent directors of the Board designated Mr. Richard A. Sampson as the Lead Director. Mr. Sampson reached mandatory retirement age in December 2025, so he will not stand for re-election at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders. Board Committees Atmos Energy s Board committee structure is organized around key strategic issues to facilitate oversight of management. Committee Chairs regularly coordinate with one another to ensure appropriate information sharing. To further facilitate information sharing, all committees provide a summary of significant actions to the full Board. As required under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, each standing committee conducts an annual self-evaluation and review of its charter. AUDIT COMMITTEE Nancy K. Quinn (Chair) Rafael G. Garza Telisa Toliver Frank Yoho Meetings Held in Fiscal 2025: 5 Primary Responsibilities Oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and procedures Reviews the scope and procedures of the internal audit function Appoints our independent registered public accounting firm Responsible for the oversight of its work and the review of the results of its independent audits Oversees the Company s cybersecurity risk The Audit Committee charter is available on our website at https://www.atmosenergy.com/company/corporate-responsibility-reports . The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee satisfies the independence requirements of the NYSE and SEC applicable to members of an audit committee. All members are financially literate within the meaning of NYSE listing rules. The Board has determined that the following individuals are each an audit committee financial expert , as defined by the SEC: Mr. Garza, Ms. Quinn, Ms. Toliver, and Mr. Yoho. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE Richard A. Sampson (Chair) Kelly H. Compton Edward J. Geiser Nancy K. Quinn Telisa Toliver Meetings Held in Fiscal 2025: 4 Primary Responsibilities Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board regarding executive compensation policy and strategy and specific compensation recommendations for the President and CEO, as well as our other officers Determines, develops and makes recommendations to the Board regarding succession planning and other related matters concerning our President and CEO and other officers Administers our LTIP and our Incentive Plan and oversees the Company s human capital management The Human Resources Committee charter is available on our website at https://www.atmosenergy.com/company/corporate-responsibility-reports . The Board has determined that each member of the committee satisfies the independence requirements of the NYSE and SEC applicable to members of a compensation committee. NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE Rafael G. Garza (Chair) John C. Ale Sean Donohue Richard A. Sampson Meetings Held in Fiscal 2025: 2 Primary Responsibilities Makes recommendations to the Board regarding the nominees for director to be submitted to our shareholders for election at each annual meeting of shareholders Selects candidates for consideration by the full Board to fill any vacancies on the Board which may occur from time to time Oversees all of our corporate governance matters The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charter is available on our website at https://www.atmosenergy.com/company/corporate-responsibility-reports . The Board has determined that each member of the committee satisfies the independence requirements of the NYSE and SEC. 20 Atmos Energy Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY, SUSTAINABILITY, SAFETY COMMITTEE Frank Yoho (Chair) John C. Ale Kelly H. Compton Sean Donohue Edward J. Geiser Meetings Held in Fiscal 2025: 3 Primary Responsibilities Oversees and supports the Company s Vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services Oversees matters relating to responsibility and sustainability, which includes the Company s AtmoSpirit safety culture, its safety management systems, environmental matters, approach to corporate social responsibility, and activities related to stakeholder engagement and philanthropy Overseeing management s monitoring of significant public issues that may be pertinent to the Company and its stakeholders Overseeing the Company s sustainability goals The Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Safety Committee charter is available on our website at https://www.atmosenergy.com/company/corporate-responsibility-reports . EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE Richard A. Sampson (Chair) Rafael G. Garza Nancy K. Quinn Frank Yoho Meetings Held in Fiscal 2025: 0 Primary Responsibilities May exercise all of the powers of the Board of Directors during the intervals between the Board s meetings, subject to certain limitations and restrictions as set forth in the Company s Bylaws or as may be established by resolution of the Board from time to time The Executive Committee charter is available on our website at https://www.atmosenergy.com/company/corporate-responsibility-reports . 2026 Proxy Statement 21 Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters Independence of Directors Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the listing requirements of the NYSE each require that a majority of the Board be comprised of independent directors, as defined from time to time by law, NYSE standards, and any specific requirements established by the Board. A director may be determined to be independent only if the Board has determined that he or she has no material relationship with the Company, either directly or as a partner, shareholder, or officer of the Company. To assist it in making its determination of the independence of each of its non-employee members, the Board has adopted its Categorical Standards of Director Independence ( Standards ). The Standards specify the criteria by which the independence of our non-employee directors will be determined and the types of relationships the Board has determined to be categorically immaterial, including relationships of such directors and their immediate families with respect to past employment or affiliation with the Company, our management, or our independent registered public accounting firm. The Standards and our Guidelines are posted on our website at https://www.atmosenergy.com/company/corporate-responsibility-reports . The Governance Committee considers all relevant facts and circumstances in evaluating the independence of directors, including without limitation, written responses to submitted questionnaires completed annually by each of our directors. On the basis of this information, the Governance Committee advised the full Board of its conclusions regarding director independence. After considering the committee s recommendation, for fiscal 2025, the Board affirmatively determined that each of the Company s directors other than Mr. Akers is independent in accordance with applicable NYSE and Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) independence rules and requirements and the standards described above. The Board determined that Mr. Akers is not independent because he is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Board Evaluation Process The Board is committed to assessing its own performance as a board in order to identify its strengths as well as areas in which it may improve its performance. The self-evaluation process, which is established by the Governance Committee, involves the completion of annual written questionnaires of the Board and its committees, review and discussion of the results of the evaluations by both the committee and full Board, and consideration of action plans to address any issues. 1 2 3 Questionnaire Results shared Feedback incorporated Each director completes and submits a written questionnaire for the Board and each committee on which the director serves, providing numeric ratings and feedback regarding various aspects of the composition and performance of the Board and the committees. The results are reviewed and assembled into documents for the Board and for each committee by the corporate secretary and included in the Board and committee meeting materials. The Board and each committee reviews and discusses its respective results and determines whether it is appropriate to make membership or process changes. 22 Atmos Energy Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters Board Succession Planning Identifying and Evaluating Nominees for Directors The Governance Committee is primarily responsible for identifying and evaluating nominees for director. Periodically, the Chairman of the Board, Lead Director, and CEO discuss with the Chair of the Governance Committee the Board s compositional needs and criteria for the selection of candidates to serve as directors. The Lead Director is expected to consult with the chairs of the Board committees and solicit their participation as well. The Governance Committee uses a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating nominees for director. The Governance Committee will consider candidates that come to their attention through current Board members, professional search firms, shareholders, or other persons. The Governance Committee may interview potential candidates to further assess the qualifications possessed by the candidates and their ability to serve as a director. The Committee will consider and make recommendations to the Board regarding the nominees to be submitted to the Company s shareholders for election at each annual meeting. The Board is committed to balance and diversity on the Board and will not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, gender identity, age, national origin, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics in selecting nominees. Retirement Policy The Company s directors are required to retire from the Board at the annual meeting of shareholders immediately following their 75 th birthday. Shareholder Nominees If a shareholder wishes to nominate a candidate for election to the Board at the annual meeting, he or she should write to the Corporate Secretary, Atmos Energy Corporation, 1800 Three Lincoln Centre, 5430 LBJ Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75240, which is our principal executive office, not earlier than October 7, 2026, and not later than the close of business on November 6, 2026. The chairman of the meeting may refuse to acknowledge the nomination of any person not made in compliance with the Company s Bylaws. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters Board Oversight Responsibilities Strategy The Board represents the shareholders interest in perpetuating a successful business and optimizing long-term financial returns, taking into account applicable legal requirements and ethical considerations, by providing effective oversight of the Company s business. In furtherance of that responsibility, the Board is responsible for overseeing management on the topics below: SUCCESSION PLANNING FOR CEO AND OTHER CORPORATE OFFICERS The Board, with assistance from the HR Committee, has the responsibility to select, evaluate the performance of, and make decisions about the retention of the CEO and other corporate officers. The Board also reviews the succession plans for the CEO and other corporate officers, including the plans in the event of an emergency involving the CEO. STRATEGIC PLANS AND OPERATING PLANS AND BUDGETS The Board is responsible for overseeing and understanding the Company s strategic plans from inception through development and execution. The Board also is responsible for overseeing and understanding the Company s annual operating plans and annual budgets and for monitoring whether these plans are being implemented effectively and within budgetary limits. The Board meets each year in a special offsite meeting to discuss these matters. OVERSIGHT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Audit Committee has the sole responsibility to appoint and compensate the Company s independent registered public accounting firm that audits the Company s financial statements and to pre-approve the engagement terms and the provision of any audit and non-audit services performed by such accounting firm for the Company. The Audit Committee will have direct responsibility, and the Board will have a corresponding and supplemental responsibility, for monitoring the performance of such accounting firm and guarding against any compromise of its independence, as well as overseeing the financial statements prepared by management, with the goal of assuring that they fairly present the Company s financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and related risks in a clear and understandable way. ADVISING MANAGEMENT ON SIGNIFICANT ISSUES The Board is responsible for utilizing the broad range of experiences and perspectives of directors to advise and counsel management, both in meetings and in informal consultations, on significant issues facing the Company. REVIEW AND APPROVE SIGNIFICANT COMPANY ACTIONS The Board is responsible under state corporate law to review and approve significant actions by the Company, including the selection of corporate officers, declaration of dividends, and major transactions. NOMINATING DIRECTORS AND OVERSEEING EFFECTIVE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Board and the Governance Committee are responsible for (a) evaluating and nominating directors and members of Board committees, (b) overseeing the structure and practices of the Board and the committees, and (c) overseeing other corporate governance matters. CONSIDERATION OF OTHER STAKEHOLDERS In addition to fulfilling its obligation to increase shareholder value, the Board should consider the impact of various actions and decisions on the Company s customers, employees, suppliers, and the communities where it operates. 24 Atmos Energy Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters Risk Management Oversight Framework The Board is actively involved in the oversight of material risks that could affect the Company. This Board conducts a significant amount of its oversight responsibilities through committees of the Board pursuant to the charters of each committee. The full Board has retained responsibility for oversight of strategic risks. The Board satisfies this responsibility through reports by each Committee Chair regarding the committee s consideration and actions, as well as through regular reports directly from employees responsible for management of particular risks within the Company. Integrated Risk Management Atmos Energy s integrated risk management ( IRM ) framework supports the Company s Vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services by providing a consistent approach for the Company to identify and address risk. We actively engage internal and external experts to assist us with integrating our IRM process into our structure, operations, and business processes. The Risk Management and Compliance Committee ( RMCC ), which is overseen by the Management Committee, is charged with oversight of enterprise-wide risk management across all categories, including safety, security, and cybersecurity. The RMCC also has oversight of the Quality Assurance, ACTS (our integrated Safety Management System), and Management of Change frameworks. The Management Committee is comprised of the President and Chief Executive Officer, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Utility Operations, Senior Vice President, General Counsel Corporate Secretary, Senior Advisor, and Senior Vice President, Human Resources. Cybersecurity We continuously assess our risk of cyber threats to adapt quickly to the ever-changing challenges and risks surrounding cybersecurity. Atmos Energy has implemented policies, procedures, and controls to identify, protect, detect, and respond to cyberattacks or acts of online terrorism. Atmos Energy is also subject to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) security directive for our natural gas pipeline monitoring and control systems. To learn more about our cybersecurity efforts, see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025. Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Operating our business safely, ethically, and transparently, and meeting our responsibilities to the environment, to our employees, and to the communities in which we operate and live, are among our highest priorities. To learn more about our corporate responsibility and sustainability efforts, see our Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Report at https://www.atmosenergy.com/sustainability . 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters CEO and Management Succession Planning The Board is actively engaged and involved in succession planning, including detailed discussions of the Company s leadership and succession plans for key positions at the corporate officer level. As part of these activities, the Board engages in a robust CEO succession planning process, including reviewing development plans for potential CEO candidates and engaging with potential successors at Board meetings and in less formal settings to allow directors to personally assess candidates. Succession planning does not stop with corporate officers. We perform succession planning annually throughout the organization to ensure that we are building a strong bench of talent capable of performing at the highest levels. Not only is talent identified, but potential paths of development are also discussed to ensure that employees have an opportunity to build their skills and are well-prepared for future roles. The strength of our succession planning process is evident through our long history of promoting our senior leadership from within the organization. Shareholder Engagement We believe that maintaining an active dialogue with our shareholders is important to our commitment to deliver sustainable, long-term value to our shareholders. We engage with shareholders on a variety of topics throughout the year to ensure we are addressing questions and concerns, to seek input, and to provide perspective on our policies and practices. We also engage with proxy and other advisory firms that represent the interests of various shareholders. Shareholder feedback is regularly reviewed and considered by the Board and is reflected in adjustments or enhancements to our policies and practices. We remain committed to investing time with our shareholders to maintain transparency and to better understand their views on key issues. 26 Atmos Energy Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters Other Governance Policies and Practices Code of Conduct The Board has adopted and periodically updates the Code of Conduct for our directors, officers, and employees. The Code of Conduct provides guidance to the Board and management in areas of ethical business conduct and risk and provides guidance to employees and directors by helping them to recognize and deal with ethical issues including, but not limited to (i) conflicts of interest, (ii) gifts and entertainment, (iii) confidential information, (iv) fair dealing, (v) protection of corporate assets, and (vi) compliance with rules and regulations. We have provided to our directors, officers, employees, customers, and any other member of the public a toll-free compliance helpline and website by which they may report on an anonymous basis any suggestions, recommendations, questions, observations of unethical behavior, or any suspected violations of our Code of Conduct. A copy of the Code of Conduct may be found on our website at https://www.atmosenergy.com/company/corporate-responsibility-reports . Insider Trading Policy The Board has adopted an insider trading policy applicable to our directors, officers, employees, and certain persons and entities, as well as to the Company itself, that we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, and the NYSE listing standards. To learn more about our insider trading policy, see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025. Related Party Transactions Review and Approval Policy The Board recognizes that related party transactions can present a heightened risk of potential or actual conflicts of interest and may create the appearance that Company decisions are based on considerations other than the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. As a result, the Board prefers to avoid related party transactions, while also recognizing that there are situations where related party transactions may be in the best interests of or may not be inconsistent with the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board has adopted and periodically reviews written guidelines with respect to related party transactions and has delegated to the Governance Committee the responsibility to review and, if not adverse to the Company s best interests, approve, related party transactions. Under the guidelines, a related party transaction is any transaction (or series of related transactions) involving the Company and in which the amount involved exceeds $100,000 and a related person has a direct or indirect material interest. A related person is: A director or executive officer of the Company; A shareholder who beneficially owns more than 5% of the Company s stock or any immediate family member of such shareholder; An immediate family member of any of the Company s directors or executive officers; or A company or charitable organization or entity in which any of these persons has a role similar to that of an officer or general partner or beneficially owns 10% or more of the entity. Under the guidelines, all executive officers, directors, and director nominees are required to identify, to the best of their knowledge after reasonable inquiry, business and financial affiliations involving themselves or their immediate family members, which could reasonably be expected to give rise to a related person transaction. Executive officers, directors, and director nominees are required to advise the Corporate Secretary promptly of any change in the information provided and are asked periodically to review and reaffirm this information. In accordance with the guidelines, the Governance Committee reviews the material facts of all related person transactions and either approves or disapproves of the entry into any such transaction. The Governance Committee has considered and adopted standing pre-approvals under the guidelines for limited types of transactions that meet specific criteria. Such pre-approved transactions are limited to: certain transactions in the ordinary course of business with an entity for which a related person serves as an employee or director, provided the aggregate amount involved in any such transactions during any particular fiscal year does not exceed the greater of (a) $1 million or (b) two percent (2%) of the entity s gross revenues for the most recently completed fiscal year; certain charitable contributions made to a foundation, university, or other charitable organization for which a related person serves as an employee or a director, provided the aggregate amount of contributions during any particular fiscal year does not exceed the greater of (a) $500,000 or (b) two percent (2%) of the charitable organization s annual receipts for its most recently completed fiscal year; employment by the Company of a family member of an executive officer whose compensation will not exceed $120,000 in a fiscal year, provided the executive officer does not participate in decisions regarding the hiring, performance evaluation, or compensation of the family member; and payments under the Company s employee benefit plans and other programs that are available generally to the Company s employees. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters State Street is a beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of the Company s common stock outstanding as of the record date of December 12, 2025. During fiscal 2025, State Street (i) acted as trustee of several benefits plans and trusts; (ii) provided fiduciary services for a benefits plan; and (iii) provided retiree benefit payment processing services for several benefits plans and trusts, for which the Company paid a total of approximately $100,000 in fees. For the Atmos Energy Corporation Master Retirement Trust (the Master Trust ), State Street (i) acted as trustee; (ii) provided fiduciary services for a benefit plan; (iii) provided retiree benefit processing services for a benefit plan whose assets are held in the Master Trust; and (iv) provided investment management services relating to assets held in the Master Trust. For such services, the Master Trust paid a total of approximately $375,000 in fees during fiscal 2025. All such services provided to the Company and the Master Trust were made in the ordinary course of business and on substantially the same terms as other comparable transactions with third parties. Communication with the Board Communications to the Board, any Board committee, the independent directors, or any individual director (including the Lead Director) may be sent to the Board of Directors, Atmos Energy Corporation, P.O. Box 650205, Dallas, Texas 75265-0205. Communications may also be sent by email to boardofdirectors@atmosenergy.com . If you wish to contact the Lead Director or the independent directors on an anonymous and confidential basis, you may do so by contacting the Company s Compliance Helpline at 1-866-543-4065 or www.atmosenergy.ethicspoint.com . 28 Atmos Energy Director Compensation Annual Review of Compensation The Company s non-employee director compensation program reflects best practices, as follows: Retainer-only compensation with no fees for attending meetings, which is an expected part of Board service; Additional retainers for special roles such as Lead Director and Committee Chairs to recognize incremental time and effort involved; Equity delivered in the form of stock awards; and Director stock ownership requirements of five times the annual cash retainer. Together with its independent compensation consultant, the HR Committee annually reviews the non-employee director pay program to ensure it remains competitive. As a result of this review, our annual Board retainer was moderately increased for the first time since fiscal 2023, and our annual Board equity grant was moderately increased for the first time since fiscal 2022. These increases were to align with peer compensation levels. Our Committee Chair, Chairman, and Lead Director fees remained the same for fiscal 2025 as for fiscal 2024. Fiscal 2025 Annual Compensation The Board believes that the level of non-employee director compensation should be based on Board and committee responsibilities and be competitive with comparable companies. The Board generally targets compensation near the median of our proxy peer group (discussed below). In addition, the Board believes that a significant portion of non-employee director compensation should be awarded in the form of equity to align director interests with the long-term interests of shareholders. In fiscal 2025, our director compensation program included the following components: Retainer and Fees Annual Board Retainer $125,000 Committee Chair Annual Fees $20,000 Audit $20,000 Human Resources $20,000 Nominating Corporate Governance $20,000 Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability, Safety Chairman of the Board Fees $100,000 Lead Director Fee $30,000 Annual Grant of Share Units/RSUs $160,000 The Company provides our non-employee directors the option to receive all or part of their cash director retainer and fees (in 10% increments) in Company stock through the LTIP. The selected Company stock portion of the fee earned in each quarter is issued as soon as practicable following the first business day of each quarter. The number of shares issued is equal to the amount of the cash fee that would have been paid to the non-employee director during the quarter divided by the fair market value (average of the highest and lowest prices as reported on the NYSE Consolidated Tape) on the first business day of such quarter. Only whole numbers of shares of Company stock may be issued. Fractional shares are paid in cash. All directors are reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with attendance at Board and committee meetings. A director who is also an officer or employee receives no additional compensation for his or her service as a director. We provide business travel accident insurance for non-employee directors and their spouses. The policy provides $100,000 coverage to directors and $50,000 coverage to their spouses per accident while traveling on Company business. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Director Compensation Long-Term Compensation Each non-employee director is also eligible to participate in the Atmos Energy Corporation Equity Incentive and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the Directors Plan ). This plan allows each such director to defer receipt of his or her annual retainer or other director fees and to invest such deferred fees in either a cash account or a stock account (in 10% increments). The amount of the fee allocated as a credit to the cash account is converted to a cash balance as of the first business day of each quarter and credited with interest at a rate equal to 2.5% plus the annual yield reported on a 10-year U.S. Treasury Note for the first business day of January for each plan year. Interest on the accumulated balance of the cash account is credited monthly. The amount of the fee allocated as a credit to the stock account is converted to share units. The fee payable for the quarter is converted to a number of whole and, if applicable, fractional share units on the first business day of that quarter. Share units are also credited with dividend equivalents whenever dividends are declared on shares of the Company stock. Such dividend equivalent credits are converted to whole and, if applicable, fractional share units on the same day on which such dividends are paid. At the time of a participating director s separation from service, plan benefits paid from the cash account are paid in cash and plan benefits paid from the stock account are paid in whole shares of Company stock (rounded up to the nearest whole share). Each non-employee director also receives an annual grant (as noted in the table above) based on his or her election of share units or RSUs with a one-year vest period under the LTIP each year he or she serves on the Company s Board. The grants generally occur on the 30th day following the Company s annual meeting of shareholders each year. Share units accrue dividend equivalents and are settled in the same manner as share units under the Directors Plan. RSUs earn dividends paid in cash at the time dividends are paid to the Company s shareholders. Unlike the RSUs that are settled upon vesting, share units must be held until the director s separation from service and are settled in accordance with the terms of the Directors Plan described above. Summary of Cash and Other Compensation The following table sets forth all compensation paid to our non-employee directors for fiscal 2025: Director Compensation for Fiscal Year 2025 (a) Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (c) Stock Awards ($) (d) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (e) All Other Compensation ($) (f) Total ($) John C. Ale 125,000 160,000 1,883 286,883 Kim R. Cocklin 225,000 160,000 4,196 389,196 Kelly H. Compton 125,000 160,000 4,196 289,196 Sean Donohue 125,000 160,000 2,250 287,250 Rafael G. Garza 138,056 160,000 298,056 Edward J. Geiser 125,000 160,000 285,000 Richard K. Gordon (b) 61,250 160,000 42,370 263,620 Nancy K. Quinn 145,000 160,000 4 12 305,016 Richard A. Sampson 164,583 160,000 324,583 Telisa Toliver 125,000 160,000 285,000 Diana J. Walters (b) 43,750 1,329 5,219 50,298 Frank Yoho 145,000 160,000 305,000 (a) No stock options were awarded to our directors and no non-equity incentive plan compensation was earned by our directors in fiscal 2025. (b) Mr. Gordon and Ms. Walters served on the Board until February 5, 2025. (c) Non-employee directors may defer all or a part of their annual cash retainer and fees under our Directors Plan. During fiscal 2025, Ms. Walters and Mr. Geiser elected to defer a portion of their director fees (a total of $12,500 for Ms. Walters and $125,000 for Mr. Geiser), under such plan, which amounts are included in this column and are described in the table below. Deferred amounts are invested, at the election of the participating director, either in a stock account or a cash account. (d) The amounts in this column represent the fair market value on the date of grant (March 7, 2025), calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, of the share units or RSUs awarded to each of our non-employee directors under our LTIP earned for service on the Board in fiscal 2025, which was $147.75 per underlying share. Per their election, each of Mr. Ale, Mr. Cocklin and Ms. Compton received 1,082 RSUs, none of which had vested at 2025 fiscal year end. All other directors each received 1,082 share units, none of which had vested at 2025 fiscal year end. The non-employee directors held no other unvested stock awards and no options apart from these units at 2025 fiscal year-end. (e) The amounts in this column represent above-market interest earned during fiscal 2025 on the accumulated amount of Board fees deferred to cash accounts. Interest considered above-market is the incremental rate of interest earned above 120% of the 10-year U.S. Treasury Note rate, which is reset on January 1 each year. 30 Atmos Energy Director Compensation (f) For Mr. Cocklin and Ms. Compton, the amount in this column represents the dividends paid on RSUs on December 9, 2024, March 10, 2025, June 9, 2025, and September 8, 2025. For Mr. Donohue, the amount in this column represents the dividends paid on RSUs on December 9, 2024, and March 10, 2025. For Mr. Ale, the amount in this column represents the dividends paid on RSUs on June 9, 2025, and September 8, 2025. For Ms. Walters, the amount in this column represents the dividends paid on RSUs on December 9, 2024. The only director to receive perquisites and other personal benefits with an aggregate value equal to or exceeding $10,000 during fiscal 2025 was Mr. Gordon. He received perquisites and other personal benefits relating to retirement gifts and related items in recognition of his service on the Board in the amount of $40,000. All such perquisites and other benefits were valued at the aggregate incremental cost to the Company. Director Deferred Board Fees The following table sets forth, for each participating non-employee director, the amount of director compensation deferred during fiscal 2025 and cumulative deferred compensation as of September 30, 2025: Director Deferred Board Fees for Fiscal Year 2025 Name Board Fees Deferred to Stock Account ($) Dividend Equivalents Earned on Stock Account and Reinvested ($) (a) Aggregate Balance of Stock Account at September 30 ($) Board Fees Deferred to Cash Account ($) Interest Earned on Cash Account ($) (b) Aggregate Balance of Cash Account at September 30 ($) Edward Geiser 125,000 2,085 133,933 Nancy K. Quinn 26,041 471,665 16 241 Richard A. Sampson 2,334 66,078 Diana J. Walters 12,500 5,360 (a) Dividend equivalents earned on the accumulated amount of share units in the stock account are reinvested in additional share units based on the fair market value of the shares on the quarterly dividend payment dates. Such fair market values during fiscal 2025 were as follows: $141.51 on December 9, 2024; $150.45 on March 10, 2025; $151.76 on June 9, 2025; and $164.95 on September 8, 2025. (b) The amounts in this column represent interest earned during fiscal 2025 on the accumulated amount of Board fees deferred to the cash account, including deferrals made to the cash account in fiscal 2025, at a rate equal to the 10-year U.S. Treasury Note rate (7.07%) on the first day of each plan year (January 1) plus 250 basis points. Director Share Ownership Requirements We have share ownership guidelines for our non-employee directors that require each director to hold a multiple of his or her annual retainer in shares of Company stock. The HR Committee believes that share ownership promotes better alignment of the interests of our directors with those of our shareholders, and it monitors compliance with the ownership guidelines each year. Minimum ownership levels are as follows: Position Minimum Ownership Level Chairman of the Board 5X annual retainer CEO 7X base salary Non-Employee Directors 5X annual retainer Ownership Sources Included Direct or indirect ownership of Company stock Unvested time-based RSUs Share units held by non-employee directors under our Directors Plan (defined on page 30 ) and the LTIP 2026 Proxy Statement 31 Proposal 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee has appointed E Y to continue as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2026. E Y (and its predecessors) has been our independent registered public accounting firm since our incorporation in 1983. It is expected that representatives of E Y will be present at the annual meeting. The representatives of E Y will have the opportunity to make a statement if they desire to do so and are expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. In accordance with good corporate governance practices, the Company submits the Audit Committee s appointment of E Y as its independent registered public accounting firm to our shareholders for ratification each year. If the appointment of E Y is not so ratified, the Audit Committee will consider the outcome of the vote in its future selection of an independent registered public accounting firm. As discussed in Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy below, all professional services provided by E Y were pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with its pre-approval policy. The Board of Directors recommends that our shareholders vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of E Y as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2026. Audit and Related Fees Fees for professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm, E Y, in each of the last two fiscal years, in each of the following categories are: September 30 2025 2024 ($ In thousands) Audit and Examination Fees 4,654 4,281 Audit-Related Fees 427 400 Non-Audit Services 158 Tax Fees 37 94 Total Fees 5,276 4,775 Audit and Examination Fees. Fees for audit services include fees associated with the audit of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, the assessment by the firm of our design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, and the reviews of our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. In addition, this amount includes fees associated with the issuance of consents and comfort letters relating to the registration of Company securities and assistance with the review of documents filed with the SEC, as well as fees for an audit provided in connection with a statutory filing and fees related to examination procedures performed in connection with securitized debt. Audit-Related Fees. Fees for audit-related services relating to attest services not required by statute or regulation. Tax Fees. Tax fees include fees relating to review of tax returns, tax advisory services, and general consultation. 32 Atmos Energy Proposal Two: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy The Audit Committee has adopted a pre-approval policy relating to the provision of both audit and non-audit services by E Y. Our Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy provides for the pre-approval of audit, audit-related, tax, and other services specifically described in appendices to the policy on an annual basis. Such services are pre-approved up to a specified fee limit. All other permitted services, as well as proposed services exceeding the pre-approved fee limit, must be separately pre-approved by the Audit Committee. Requests for services that require separate approval by the Audit Committee must be submitted to the Audit Committee by both our Chief Financial Officer and our independent registered public accounting firm and must include a joint statement as to whether, in their view, the request is consistent with the SEC s rules on auditor independence. The policy authorizes the Audit Committee to delegate to one or more of its members pre-approval authority with respect to permitted services, provided that the member reports any decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. All of the services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2025 were approved in accordance with the policy. The Audit Committee further concluded that the provision of these services by E Y was compatible with maintaining its independence. The Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy is available on our website at https://www.atmosenergy.com/company/corporate-responsibility-reports . Audit Committee Report Management is responsible for the Company s internal controls and the financial reporting process. E Y is responsible for performing an independent audit of the Company s financial statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and for issuing audit reports on the financial statements and the assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee s responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes on behalf of the Board. In discharging its responsibility for the year ended September 30, 2025: The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements of the Company with management. The Audit Committee has discussed with E Y the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the SEC. The Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from E Y required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding E Y s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has reviewed, evaluated and discussed with that firm the written report and its independence from the Company. Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors (which the Board has approved) that the Company s audited financial statements be included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025 for filing with the SEC. Respectfully submitted by the members of the Audit Committee. Nancy K, Quinn, Chair Rafael G. Garza Telisa Toliver Frank Yoho 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Proposal 3 Approval, on an Advisory Basis, of the Compensation of Our Named Executive Officers Background of the Proposal It has been our practice since 2011 to ask our shareholders to vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers ( Say-on-Pay ) at every annual meeting. At our annual meeting of shareholders in February 2022, our shareholders voted by a substantial margin to adopt the recommendation of our Board to continue to hold annual Say-on-Pay votes. Unless the Board changes our policy, the next Say-on-Pay vote following the 2026 annual meeting will be held at our 2027 annual meeting. Executive Compensation The Board believes that our current executive compensation program directly links executive compensation to our financial performance and aligns the interests of our named executive officers with those of our shareholders and customers. Our Board also believes that our executive compensation program provides our named executive officers with a balanced compensation package that includes a reasonable base salary along with annual and long-term incentive compensation plans that provide compensation based on the Company s performance. The HR Committee annually reviews the Company s overall approach to executive compensation to see that the Company s current benefits, perquisites, policies, and practices continue to be in line with the best practices of companies in the natural gas distribution industry and to assist us with the hiring and retention of a high-quality management team. The Compensation Discussion and Analysis section, beginning on page 35 includes additional details about our executive compensation program. We ask that our shareholders indicate their support for our Say-on-Pay proposal by voting FOR the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the shareholders of Atmos Energy Corporation approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of its named executive officers for fiscal 2025, as disclosed in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the related compensation tables, notes and narrative. This Say-on-Pay vote is advisory; therefore it will not be binding on the Company. However, the HR Committee and the Board value the opinions of our shareholders and will take into account the outcome of the vote when considering future executive compensation arrangements. The Board of Directors recommends that our shareholders vote FOR this advisory proposal to approve the compensation of our named executive officers. 34 Atmos Energy Compensation Discussion Analysis Executive Summary This Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides an overview of our executive compensation program objectives and strategy, and the elements of compensation that we provide to our named executive officers, including the process we employed in reaching the decisions to pay the specific amounts and types of executive compensation discussed. Our named executive officers for fiscal 2025 are listed below: Name Title J. Kevin Akers (a) President and Chief Executive Officer Christopher T. Forsythe (b) Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jessica W. Bateman (c) Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary John S. McDill (d) Senior Vice President, Utility Operations Karen E. Hartsfield (e) Senior Advisor (a) Mr. Akers, who served as President of the Kentucky/Mid-States Division of the Company from May 2007 through December 31, 2016, Senior Vice President, Safety and Enterprise Services from January 1, 2017 through November 5, 2018, and Executive Vice President from November 6, 2018 through September 30, 2019, was appointed by the Board of Directors as President and Chief Executive Officer, effective October 1, 2019. (b) Mr. Forsythe, who served as Vice President and Controller of the Company from May 2009 through January 31, 2017, was appointed by the Board of Directors as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective February 1, 2017. (c) Ms. Bateman was appointed by the Board of Directors to fill Ms. Hartsfield s vacancy as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary, effective January 1, 2025. (d) Mr. McDill, who served as Vice President, Pipeline Safety from May 2012 through September 2021, was appointed by the Board of Directors as Senior Vice President, Utility Operations, effective October 1, 2021. (e) Ms. Hartsfield, who served as Senior Attorney from June 2015 through August 2017 and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Corporate Secretary from August 2017 through December 2024, was appointed by the Board of Directors as Senior Advisor, effective January 1, 2025, in connection with her anticipated retirement. CD A Table of Contents Compensation Discussion Analysis 35 Named Executive Officer Compensation and Related Matters 47 Executive Summary 35 Executive Compensation Program Objectives and Strategy 38 Summary of Cash and Other Compensation 47 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 48 202 5 Elements of Compensation 39 Outstanding Equity Awards 49 Compensation Decision Process 43 Vested Common Stock 50 Compensation Policies and Practices 45 Retirement Plans 50 Human Resources Committee Report 46 Retirement Plan Tables 51 Change in Control Severance Agreements 52 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 52 CEO Pay Ratio 56 Pay versus Performance 57 2026 Proxy Statement 35 Compensation Discussion Analysis Fiscal 2025 Business and Performance Highlights Over the past thirteen years, our operating strategy has focused on modernizing our distribution and transmission system to improve the safety and reliability of the system while reducing regulatory lag. During that time period, our financial performance reflects the successful execution of our proven strategy of operating safely and reliably while we modernize our natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage systems. This trend continued during fiscal 2025. In fiscal 2025, we generated net income of $1,198.8 million or $7.46 per diluted share representing increases over net income for the year ended September 30, 2024 of $1,042.9 million or $6.83 per diluted share. Capital expenditures for fiscal 2025 totaled approximately $3.6 billion, with 87% of this amount invested to improve the safety and reliability of our distribution and transmission systems. See Proxy Statement Overview on page 7 for more information on our Business and Performance Highlights. DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $7.46 23rd Consecutive Year of EPS Growth DECLARED DIVIDENDS PER SHARE $3.48 Up from $3.22 for FY 2024 41st Consecutive Year of Dividend Growth Compensation Highlights Our executive compensation program is built upon our strategy of Total Rewards. Under Total Rewards, we take a comprehensive view of all compensation plans and employee benefits that comprise the total package of executive compensation we provide to our named executive officers. Total Rewards is based on the payment of (i) total cash compensation, composed of base salary and the annual incentive compensation award and (ii) total direct compensation, composed of total cash compensation and the annualized present value of long-term incentive compensation awards, being targeted at the 50th percentile of all such compensation for equivalent positions at companies of comparable size in our primary industry, natural gas distribution, which is represented primarily by companies in our proxy peer group, as discussed below under Competitive Executive Compensation Benchmarking, beginning on page 43 . We believe this strategy fosters a philosophy of pay for executive performance through the use of both annual and long-term incentive compensation. The pay mix at target grant date value for our CEO and other named executive officers for fiscal 2025 was primarily long-term and performance-based, as shown in the graphics below. Fiscal 2025 Target Compensation Mix CEO Average for Other Named Executive Officers 36 Atmos Energy Compensation Discussion Analysis Fiscal 2025 Executive Compensation Program The following table summarizes the various elements of compensation that we provided to our named executive officers for fiscal 2025. See 2025 Elements of Compensation beginning on page 39 for a more detailed discussion of each element, why we pay each element, how we determine the amount we pay under each element and how each element fits into our overall compensation objectives. We do not have any individual compensation policies or plans that are not applied consistently to all our named executive officers. Element Description Objective within Compensation Program Base Salary Fixed cash compensation, subject to annual review Adjusted in response to changes in performance, duties, strategic importance, or competitive salary practices Reflects roles, responsibilities, skills, experience, and performance Provides base compensation at a level consistent with competitive salary practices Annual Incentive Compensation Annual cash performance award based on achievement of Company financial performance measures Option to convert all or portion of award to time-based RSUs under our LTIP with three-year cliff vesting at a 20% premium Payout is limited to target if TSR is negative for the fiscal year Increases alignment of senior management and shareholders interests by linking pay and performance Promotes achievement of annual Company financial goals by linking pay to attainment of such goals Long-Term Incentive Compensation 75% in performance-based RSUs payable only if performance goals are achieved over the three-fiscal year performance period 25% in time-based RSUs also payable, with cliff vesting, at the end of the three-fiscal year period Payout for performance-based RSUs is limited to target if TSR is negative for the performance period Motivates and rewards financial performance over a sustained period Increases alignment of senior management and shareholders interests by encouraging share ownership of senior management Enhances retention of senior management Rewards strong TSR and earnings growth Retirement Benefits Tax-qualified retirement, supplemental retirement and other benefits Provides for current and future needs of senior management Enhances recruitment and retention Follows competitive market practices Change in Control Severance Benefits Change in control severance agreements with contingent amounts payable only if employment is terminated under certain conditions following a change in control Enhances retention of senior management by providing continuity of employment Promotes objective evaluation and execution of potential changes to the Company s strategy and structure 2026 Proxy Statement 37 Compensation Discussion Analysis Fiscal 2025 Actual Results The table below shows the target performance, adjusted performance, and actual results for our fiscal 2025 performance-based compensation. Based on our fiscal 2025 adjusted performance, as explained further on page 40 , the following incentive programs resulted in above target payouts. Performance Metric Target Performance Adjusted Performance* Actual EPS Performance 2025 Payout (as a % of Target) 2025 Annual Incentive Plan EPS (100% of award) $7.15 $7.34 $7.46 153 % Long-Term Incentive Program 2023-2025 Cycle Cumulative 3-year EPS (100% of award) $19.29 $20.17 $20.39 192 % * See Annual Incentive Compensation, beginning on page 39 and Long-Term Incentive Compensation, beginning on page 41 for additional information. 2025 Say on Pay Results In determining executive compensation, the HR Committee and our Board consider the results of our most recent shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation. The results for the say-on-pay votes for the last three fiscal years, which have been in excess of 90% each year, show consistent support from our shareholders of our executive compensation program. Accordingly, for fiscal 2025, the HR Committee and Board decided to adhere to its pay-for-performance philosophy and did not change our executive compensation programs and policies over the last fiscal year as a result of the most recent shareholders advisory votes on executive compensation. Executive Compensation Program Objectives and Strategy Our executive compensation program is designed to closely align the interests of our named executive officers with those of our shareholders and customers and to pay our named executive officers above-target incentive compensation only when the Company s financial performance warrants the payment of such compensation. We believe that our executive compensation program is effective in allowing our organization to attract and retain highly-qualified senior management team members who can deliver outstanding performance. Our executive compensation program is founded upon the following principles: Compensation Strategy Pay Targets Our compensation strategy should be aligned with our overall business strategy of providing safe, quality, and reliable service to our customers, seeking ongoing improvements in operating efficiencies and focusing upon growth opportunities. Overall pay targets should reflect the intent to pay named executive officer base salaries at the 50th percentile of the competitive market practice with targeted total cash compensation (base salary plus annual incentive award) and targeted total direct compensation (total cash compensation plus annualized present value of grants of long-term equity incentive compensation) at the 50th percentile of competitive market practice if established performance targets are reached. Key Executives Responsibility Stock Ownership Key executives charged with the responsibility for establishing and executing business strategy should have incentive compensation opportunities that are aligned with the creation of shareholder value and include upside potential with commensurate downside risk. Stock ownership, which is an important component of our executive compensation strategy, should closely align our executives with the interests of our shareholders. To facilitate stock ownership, stock-based incentive plans should be utilized, along with share ownership guidelines. 38 Atmos Energy Compensation Discussion Analysis 2025 Elements of Compensation Our Total Rewards strategy is reviewed each year and updated as needed by our HR Committee, with assistance from its independent executive compensation consultant. None of our named executive officers have an employment agreement with the Company. We believe that our executive compensation program provides our named executive officers with a balanced compensation approach each year by providing a market-competitive base salary along with participation in annual and long-term incentive compensation plans that are based solely on the Company s financial performance. These incentive plans are designed to reward our named executive officers on both an annual and long-term basis if they attain specified targets, the attainment of which does not require the taking of an unreasonable amount of risk, as discussed in Compensation Risk Assessment, beginning on page 44 . Base Salary The payment of a base salary is intended to provide a stable, fixed amount of income to our named executive officers for their day-to-day job performance. Base salaries represent a relatively small portion of total compensation. However, the amount of base salary paid to each named executive officer is a determinant of other elements of compensation. The HR Committee reviews base salaries annually, and generally targets the 50 th percentile of the competitive market practice. Annual salary adjustments are not automatic or guaranteed, but rather based on the committee s subjective evaluation of the performance of each named executive officer, the value of the individual in the position to the Company relative to other positions and their level of experience, the Company s base salary increase budget and guidelines as well as current economic conditions. As a result of this evaluation and to better align with peer compensation, the HR Committee approved increases in base salaries for our named executive officers, and their 2025 base salaries are shown below. Name Base Salary ($) J. Kevin Akers 1,165,000 Christopher T. Forsythe 610,000 Jessica W. Bateman 550,000 John S. McDill 550,000 Karen E. Hartsfield 550,000 The HR Committee believes that the base salaries provided to each of the named executive officers are appropriate to retain and motivate them, are competitive with salaries offered for similar positions by companies in our proxy peer group and are consistent with our Total Rewards strategy. Annual Incentive Compensation Through our Incentive Plan, we provide our named executive officers an opportunity to earn an annual incentive award based upon the Company s financial performance each year as measured by our fully diluted EPS. 2025 Annual Incentive Award Target Opportunities For fiscal 2025, the HR Committee reviewed competitive compensation benchmarking data, as discussed below, to establish an annual target opportunity expressed as a percentage of base salary earned during fiscal 2025 for each named executive officer. Such target incentive award opportunities are reviewed each year and benchmarked against the 50th percentile for similar positions within companies in our proxy peer group. The Incentive Plan targets for fiscal 2025 for each of the named executive officers were as follows, which were increased from fiscal 2024 levels to better align with peer compensation. Name Fiscal Year 2025 Incentive Plan Target as Percentage (%) of Base Salary Earned J. Kevin Akers 120 Christopher T. Forsythe 80 Jessica W. Bateman 70 John S. McDill 70 Karen E. Hartsfield 70 2026 Proxy Statement 39 Compensation Discussion Analysis At its meeting in November 2024, the HR Committee established the threshold, target and maximum performance levels of EPS upon which the Incentive Plan s awards would be based for fiscal 2025, along with the corresponding percentages of target awards to be paid out. The target EPS performance level was based on our annual business plan and budget and considered factors including the allowed rates of return in our established service areas, natural gas pricing and volatility, budgeted capital expenditures, expected growth within our service areas, competitive factors from other service providers, and other business considerations embedded in our annual business planning process. EPS as measurement metric The HR Committee believes that EPS is the most appropriate measurement of our financial performance both on an annual and long-term basis, because it most accurately reflects the growth and performance of our operations. The EPS measurement is also one of the most currently well-known measurements of overall financial performance of public companies, particularly within the utility industry. The HR Committee believes that using this measurement as the basis for our incentive compensation plans best aligns the interests of our named executive officers with the interests of our shareholders. Annually increasing EPS target performance levels The HR Committee has continued to set increasingly challenging EPS target performance levels under the Incentive Plan each fiscal year, as demonstrated by increasing such target performance levels on average by 9% per year over the last three fiscal years. Such target performance levels have also continued to be within the range of announced EPS guidance provided to the public in November of each year. Performance Levels and Achievement The following table summarizes the performance levels and actual performance attained under the Incentive Plan for fiscal 2025: Performance Level Annual EPS Performance Percentage (%) of Target Award Earned Below Threshold $6.79 No award Threshold $6.79 50% Target $7.15 100% Adjusted Performance Level $7.34 153% Actual EPS $7.46 186% Maximum $7.51 200% The HR Committee may, at its sole discretion, reduce the performance results upon which awards under the Incentive Plan are based to offset any unintended results arising from events not anticipated when the performance goals were established. Due to the passage of Texas House Bill 4384 and Senate Bill 2780 on June 20, 2025, we recorded an additional $27 million in pre-tax income, or $0.12 per diluted share. The HR Committee approved an adjusted performance level of $7.34 to take into account the financial impact of the legislative change for the performance period of the awards under the Incentive Plan. Since the adjusted performance level attained was between the target of $7.15 per share and maximum of $7.51 per share, straight-line interpolation was used to compute the percentage of the target award earned and each named executive officer earned 153% of their target award. Additionally, the HR Committee does place a limit under certain conditions on the amount of earned awards for all our executive officers. If the Company s TSR during any fiscal year is negative, the earned award for each officer for that fiscal year will be limited to the amount earned at the target level of performance. This limitation was not applicable for the fiscal 2025 performance period since the Company s TSR was positive for such performance period. Awards under the Incentive Plan are paid in cash and are based on the participant s eligible earnings received during the fiscal year. However, under the terms of the Incentive Plan, participants may elect prior to the beginning of each fiscal year to convert all or a portion of their final earned awards to time-based RSUs with three-year cliff vesting, with a premium equal to 20% of the amount converted, such that the value of time-based RSUs received will equal 120% of the value of the final earned award, and with such units being awarded under our LTIP. Each named executive officer elected to receive 100% cash for his or her fiscal 2025 Incentive Plan award. 40 Atmos Energy Compensation Discussion Analysis Long-Term Incentive Compensation The HR Committee grants awards under our LTIP each fiscal year that are structured with a portion of the targeted long-term value in the form of three-year performance-based RSUs (measured by cumulative EPS over the three-fiscal year period) and with the remaining portion in the form of time-based RSUs with three-year cliff vesting. The HR Committee bases the actual number and value of awards granted to each named executive officer primarily on the competitive compensation benchmarking of grants made by the companies in our proxy peer group, as discussed below. TIME-BASED RSUs Alignment with shareholders Facilitates share ownership Strong retention vehicle PERFORMANCE-BASED RSUs Tied to achievement of long-term operational objectives Alignment with shareholders Facilitates share ownership Strong retention vehicle 2025 Performance-Based RSU Grants (2025-2027 awards) At its meeting in November 2024, the HR Committee also established the threshold, target, and maximum performance levels of cumulative EPS upon which performance-based RSUs awards would be based for the fiscal 2025-2027 performance period, along with the corresponding percentages of target awards. The three-fiscal year cumulative EPS target performance level was based on the same factors utilized by the HR Committee for our Incentive Plan described above. The HR Committee then awarded grants to the named executive officers at its meeting in February 2025, which were later ratified by the Board, of performance-based RSUs for the fiscal 2025-2027 performance period. The following table shows the three-year performance criteria for such period (which represent increased performance level requirements over the fiscal 2024-2026 grant). Performance Level Cumulative EPS Performance Percentage (%) of Target Award Earned Below Threshold $21.84 No award Threshold $21.84 50 % Target $22.99 100 % Maximum $24.14 200 % 2023 Performance-Based RSUs Grants (2023-2025 awards) The 2023 performance-based RSUs awarded in May 2023 were also based on the Company s three year cumulative EPS performance for the 2023 through 2025 fiscal years. The HR Committee has also historically set increasingly challenging cumulative three-fiscal year EPS target performance levels each year. The HR Committee believes this EPS performance is in alignment with the Company s shareholder return performance over that same time period. The following table summarizes the performance levels and actual performance attained for the fiscal 2023-2025 performance-based RSUs. Performance Level Cumulative EPS Performance Percentage (%) of Target Award Earned Below Threshold $18.33 No award Threshold $18.33 50 % Target $19.29 100 % Adjusted Performance Level $20.17 192 % Maximum $20.25 200 % Actual Cumulative EPS $20.39 200 % Similar to the Incentive Plan performance discussed above, the HR Committee approved an adjusted performance level of $20.17 to take into account the financial impact of the legislative change described above for the performance period of the awards under the LTIP. Additionally, the HR Committee adjusted the performance level for the recognition of fiscal 2024 of $21.1 million in pre-tax income, or 10- cents per diluted share due to the passage of Texas Senate Bill 2, Proposition 4 on November 7, 2023. Since the adjusted performance level attained was between the target of $19.29 per share and maximum of $20.25 per share, straight-line interpolation was used to compute the percentage of the target award earned and each named executive officer earned 192% of their target award. The awards 2026 Proxy Statement 41 Compensation Discussion Analysis were paid in the form of shares of Company stock issued in November 2025 with the named executive officers also receiving accumulated cash dividend equivalents over the three-fiscal year performance period on such awards. As with the payout of Incentive Plan awards, if the Company s TSR during the performance period is negative, the earned award for each such officer for such performance period will be limited to the amount earned at the target level of performance. This limitation was not applicable for the 2023-2025 performance period since the Company s TSR was positive for such performance period. Retirement Benefits Mr. Akers, Mr. Forsythe, and Mr. McDill participate in our Pension Account Plan ( PAP ), which is a qualified, cash balance defined benefit pension plan. Benefits under this plan become vested and non-forfeitable after completion of three years of continuous employment. For any named executive officer who retires with vested benefits under the plan, the compensation shown as Salary in the Summary Compensation Table for Fiscal Year 2025, beginning on page 47 , would be considered eligible compensation in determining benefits. See the discussion under Pension Account Plan on page 50 , for more information about this plan. In addition, all our named executive officers participate in our Retirement Savings Plan ( RSP ), which is a qualified defined contribution plan. Any named executive officer who joined the Company after September 30, 2010, is not eligible to participate in th