=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-26-000086_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20260506exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2026 Second Quarter Raises Fiscal 2026 Guidance DALLAS (May 6, 2026) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its second fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026. This news release should be read in conjunction with our earnings slides which are concurrently being posted at www.atmosenergy.com. Fiscal Year Highlights Earnings per diluted share of $5.92 on net income of $984.9 million. Capital expenditures were $2.0 billion over 85% focused on safety and reliability. Strong financial profile with 60.9% equity capitalization and $4.1 billion in available liquidity. Implemented $135.3 million in annualized regulatory outcomes. Outlook Fiscal 2026 earnings per diluted share guidance raised to the range of $8.40 - $8.50 from $8.15 - $8.35 per diluted share. Fiscal 2026 capital expenditure guidance expe cted to be approximately $4.2 billion. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $1.00 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2026 is $4.00, whi ch represents a 14.9% increase over fiscal 2025. 1 Conference Call to be Webcast May 7, 2026 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2026 second quarter financial results on Thursday, May 7, 2026, at 10 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 800-715-9871 and the international telephone number is 646-307-1963. The conference ID is 15904. The conference call will be webcast live on the Atmos Energy website at www.investors.atmosenergy.com events-and-presentations . A playback of the call will be available on the website later that day. Forward-Looking Statements The matters discussed in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this news release are forward-looking statements made in good faith by the company and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this news release or any of the company s other documents or oral presentations, the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , forecast , goal , intend , objective , plan , projection , seek , strategy or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this release, including the risks relating to regulatory trends and decisions, the company s ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets, and the other factors discussed in the company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties include the following federal, state, and local regulatory and political trends and decisions, including the impact of rate proceedings before various state regulatory commissions increased federal regulatory oversight and potential penalties possible increased federal, state, and local regulation of the safety of our operations possible significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs the inherent hazards and risks involved in distributing, transporting, and storing natural gas the availability and accessibility of contracted gas supplies, interstate pipeline, and or storage services increased competition from energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce natural disasters, adverse weather, terrorist activities, or other events and other risks and uncertainties discussed herein, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control failure of technology that affects the Company's business operations the threat of cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism that could disrupt our business operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee, or Company information the impact of new cybersecurity compliance requirements adverse weather conditions the impact of legislation to reduce or eliminate greenhouse gas emissions or fossil fuels the impact of climate change the capital-intensive nature of our business our ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy market risks beyond our control affecting our risk management activities, including commodity price volatility, counterparty performance or creditworthiness, and interest rate risk the concentration of our operations in Texas the impact of adverse economic conditions on our customers changes in the availability and price of natural gas and increased costs of providing health care benefits, along with pension and postretirement health care benefits and increased funding requirements. 2 Accordingly, while we believe these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will approximate actual experience or that the expectations derived from them will be realized. Further, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Atmos Energy Atmos Energy Corporation, a natural gas-only distributor, is an S P 500 company headquartered in Dallas. We safely deliver reliable, efficient, and abundant natural gas to approximately 3.4 million distribution customers in over 1,400 communities across eight states located primarily in the South. As part of our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services, we are modernizing our business and infrastructure while continuing to invest in safety, innovation, environmental sustainability, and our communities. Atmos Energy manages proprietary pipeline and storage assets, including one of the largest intrastate natural gas pipeline systems in Texas. Find us online at http www.atmosenergy.com , Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and YouTube . # # # 3

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-26-000011_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20260203exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2026 First Quarter Affirms Fiscal 2026 Guidance DALLAS (February 3, 2026) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its first fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2025. This news release should be read in conjunction with our earnings slides which are concurrently being posted at www.atmosenergy.com. Fiscal Year Highlights Earnings per diluted share of $2.44 on net income of $403.0 million. Capital expenditures were $1.0 billion over 85 % focused on safety and reliability. Strong financial profile with 59.9% equity capitalization and $4.6 billion in available liquidity. Implemented $122.5 million in annualized regulatory outcomes. Outlook Fiscal 2026 earnings per diluted share guidance affirmed in the range of $8.15 - $8.35 per diluted share. Fiscal 2026 capital expenditure guidance expe cted to be approximately $4.2 billion. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $1.00 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2026 is $4.00, whi ch represents a 14.9% increase over fiscal 2025. 1 Conference Call to be Webcast February 4, 2026 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2026 first quarter financial results on Wednesday, February 4, 2026, at 9 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 800-715-9871 and the international telephone number is 646-307-1963. The conference ID is 15904. The conference call will be webcast live on the Atmos Energy website at www.investors.atmosenergy.com events-and-presentations . A playback of the call will be available on the website later that day. Forward-Looking Statements The matters discussed in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this news release are forward-looking statements made in good faith by the company and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this news release or any of the company s other documents or oral presentations, the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , forecast , goal , intend , objective , plan , projection , seek , strategy or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this release, including the risks relating to regulatory trends and decisions, the company s ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets, and the other factors discussed in the company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties include the following federal, state, and local regulatory and political trends and decisions, including the impact of rate proceedings before various state regulatory commissions increased federal regulatory oversight and potential penalties possible increased federal, state, and local regulation of the safety of our operations possible significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs the inherent hazards and risks involved in distributing, transporting, and storing natural gas the availability and accessibility of contracted gas supplies, interstate pipeline, and or storage services increased competition from energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce natural disasters, adverse weather, terrorist activities, or other events and other risks and uncertainties discussed herein, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control failure of technology that affects the Company's business operations the threat of cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism that could disrupt our business operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee, or Company information the impact of new cybersecurity compliance requirements adverse weather conditions the impact of legislation to reduce or eliminate greenhouse gas emissions or fossil fuels the impact of climate change the capital-intensive nature of our business our ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy market risks beyond our control affecting our risk management activities, including commodity price volatility, counterparty performance or creditworthiness, and interest rate risk the concentration of our operations in Texas the impact of adverse economic conditions on our customers changes in the availability and price of natural gas and increased costs of providing health care benefits, along with pension and postretirement health care benefits and increased funding requirements. 2 Accordingly, while we believe these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will approximate actual experience or that the expectations derived from them will be realized. Further, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Atmos Energy Atmos Energy Corporation, a natural gas-only distributor, is an S P 500 company headquartered in Dallas. We safely deliver reliable, efficient, and abundant natural gas to approximately 3.4 million distribution customers in over 1,400 communities across eight states located primarily in the South. As part of our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services, we are modernizing our business and infrastructure while continuing to invest in safety, innovation, environmental sustainability, and our communities. Atmos Energy manages proprietary pipeline and storage assets, including one of the largest intrastate natural gas pipeline systems in Texas. Find us online at http www.atmosenergy.com , Facebook , Twitter , Instagram and YouTube . # # # 3

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-25-000053_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20251105exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2025 Initiates Fiscal 2026 Guidance Raises Dividend DALLAS (November 5, 2025) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its fourth fiscal quarter and year ended September 30, 2025. This news release should be read in conjunction with our earnings slides which are concurrently being posted at www.atmosenergy.com. Fiscal Year Highlights Earnings per diluted share of $7.46 on net income of $1.2 billion. Capital expenditures were $3.6 billion approximately 87 % focused on safety and reliability. Strong financial profile with 60.3% equity capitalization and $4.9 billion in available liquidity. Implemented $333.6 million in annualized regulatory outcomes. Outlook Fiscal 2026 earnings per diluted share guidance expected to be in the range of $8.15 - $8.35 per diluted share. Fiscal 2026 capital expenditure guidance expe cted to be approximately $4.2 billion. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $1.00 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2026 is $4.00, whi ch represents a 14.9% increase over fiscal 2025. Fiscal 2025 marked the 14th year of executing our proven strategy of operating safely and reliably while we modernize our natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage systems, said Kevin Akers, president and chief executive officer of Atmos Energy Corporation. This strategy, along with our employees' focus on our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services continue to benefit our customers, and our communities, Akers concluded. 1 Conference Call to be Webcast November 6, 2025 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2025 fourth quarter and year end financial results on Thursday, November 6, 2025, at 10 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 800-715-9871 and the international telephone number is 646-307-1963. The conference ID is 15904. The conference call will be webcast live on the Atmos Energy website at www.investors.atmosenergy.com events-and-presentations . A playback of the call will be available on the website later that day. Forward-Looking Statements The matters discussed in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this news release are forward-looking statements made in good faith by the company and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this news release or any of the company s other documents or oral presentations, the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , forecast , goal , intend , objective , plan , projection , seek , strategy or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this release, including the risks relating to regulatory trends and decisions, the company s ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets, and the other factors discussed in the company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties include the following federal, state, and local regulatory and political trends and decisions, including the impact of rate proceedings before various state regulatory commissions increased federal regulatory oversight and potential penalties possible increased federal, state, and local regulation of the safety of our operations possible significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs the inherent hazards and risks involved in distributing, transporting, and storing natural gas the availability and accessibility of contracted gas supplies, interstate pipeline, and or storage services increased competition from energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce natural disasters, adverse weather, terrorist activities, or other events and other risks and uncertainties discussed herein, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control failure of technology that affects the Company's business operations the threat of cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism that could disrupt our business operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee, or Company information the impact of new cybersecurity compliance requirements adverse weather conditions the impact of legislation to reduce or eliminate greenhouse gas emissions or fossil fuels the impact of climate change the capital-intensive nature of our business our ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy market risks beyond our control affecting our risk management activities, including commodity price volatility, counterparty performance or creditworthiness, and interest rate risk the concentration of our operations in Texas the impact of adverse economic conditions on our customers changes in the availability and price of natural gas and increased costs of providing health care benefits, along with pension and postretirement health care benefits and increased funding requirements. 2 Accordingly, while we believe these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will approximate actual experience or that the expectations derived from them will be realized. Further, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Atmos Energy Atmos Energy Corporation, a natural gas-only distributor, is an S P 500 company headquartered in Dallas. We safely deliver reliable, efficient, and abundant natural gas to approximately 3.4 million distribution customers in over 1,400 communities across eight states located primarily in the South. As part of our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services, we are modernizing our busin

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-25-000024_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20250806exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2025 Third Quarter Raises Fiscal 2025 Guidance DALLAS (August 6, 2025) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its third fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2025. This news release should be read in conjunction with our Form 10-Q and earnings slides which are concurrently being posted at www.atmosenergy.com. Fiscal Year-to-Date Highlights Earnings per diluted share of $6.40 on net income of $1.0 billion. Capital expenditures were $2.6 billion approximately 86% focused on safety and reliability. Strong financial profile with 60% equity capitalization and $5.5 billion in available liquidity. Implemented $321.8 million in annualized regulatory outcomes. Outlook Fiscal 2025 earnings per diluted share guidance expected to be in the range of $7.35 - $7.45 per diluted share. Fiscal 2025 capital expenditure guidance expected to be approximately $3.7 billion. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.87 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2025 is $3.48, which represents an 8.1% increase over fiscal 2024. Our third quarter results reflect the hard work and dedication of all of our employees who provide exceptional customer service while safely and reliably operating our natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage systems, said Kevin Akers, president and chief executive officer of Atmos Energy Corporation. Their continued focus on our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services, while pursuing our proven strategy continues to benefit our customers and the communities we are proud to serve, Akers concluded. 1 Conference Call to be Webcast August 7, 2025 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2025 third quarter financial results on Thursday, August 7, 2025, at 10 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 800-715-9871 and the international telephone number is 646-307-1963. The conference ID is 15904. The conference call will be webcast live on the Atmos Energy website at www.investors.atmosenergy.com events-and-presentations . A playback of the call will be available on the website later that day. Forward-Looking Statements The matters discussed in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this news release are forward-looking statements made in good faith by the company and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this news release or any of the company s other documents or oral presentations, the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , forecast , goal , intend , objective , plan , projection , seek , strategy or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this release, including the risks relating to regulatory trends and decisions, the company s ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets, and the other factors discussed in the company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties include the following federal, state, and local regulatory and political trends and decisions, including the impact of rate proceedings before various state regulatory commissions increased federal regulatory oversight and potential penalties possible increased federal, state, and local regulation of the safety of our operations possible significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs the inherent hazards and risks involved in distributing, transporting, and storing natural gas the availability and accessibility of contracted gas supplies, interstate pipeline, and or storage services increased competition from energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce natural disasters, adverse weather, terrorist activities, or other events and other risks and uncertainties discussed herein, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control failure of technology that affects the Company's business operations the threat of cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism that could disrupt our business operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee, or Company information the impact of new cybersecurity compliance requirements adverse weather conditions the impact of legislation to reduce or eliminate greenhouse gas emissions or fossil fuels the impact of climate change the capital-intensive nature of our business our ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy market risks beyond our control affecting our risk management activities, including commodity price volatility, counterparty performance or creditworthiness, and interest rate risk the concentration of our operations in Texas the impact of adverse economic conditions on our customers changes in the availability and price of natural gas and increased costs of providing health care benefits, along with pension and postretirement health care benefits and increased funding requirements. 2 Accordingly, while we believe these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will approximate actual experience or that the expectations derived from them will be realized. Further, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Atmos Energy Atmos Energy Corporation, a natural gas-only distributor, is an S P 500 company headquartered in Dallas. We safely deliver reliable, efficient, and abundant natural gas to over 3.3 million distribution customers in over 1,400 communities across eight states located primarily in the South. As part of our vision to be the safest provider of nat

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-25-000015_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20250507exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2025 Second Quarter Raises Fiscal 2025 Guidance DALLAS (May 7, 2025) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its second fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025. This news release should be read in conjunction with our Form 10-Q and earnings slides which are concurrently being posted at www.atmosenergy.com. Fiscal Year-to-Date Highlights Earnings per diluted share of $5.26 on net income of $837.4 million. Capital expenditures were $1,730.9 million approximately 85% focused on safety and reliability. Strong financial profile with 60.9% equity capitalization and $5.3 billion in available liquidity. Implemented $152.6 million in annualized regulatory outcomes. Outlook Fiscal 2025 earnings per diluted share guidance raised to the range of $7.20 - $7.30 from $7.05 - $7.25 per diluted share. Fiscal 2025 capital expenditure guidance expected to be approximately $3.7 billion. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.87 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2025 is $3.48, which represents an 8.1% increase over fiscal 2024. Our results for the first half of fiscal 2025 reflect the hard work and dedication of all of our employees who provide exceptional customer service while safely and reliably operating our natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage systems, said Kevin Akers, president and chief executive officer of Atmos Energy Corporation. Their continued focus on our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services, while pursuing our proven strategy continues to benefit our customers and the communities we are proud to serve, Akers concluded. 1 Conference Call to be Webcast May 8, 2025 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2025 second quarter financial results on Thursday, May 8, 2025, at 10 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 800-715-9871 and the international telephone number is 646-307-1963. The conference ID is 15904. The conference call will be webcast live on the Atmos Energy website at www.investors.atmosenergy.com events-and-presentations . A playback of the call will be available on the website later that day. Forward-Looking Statements The matters discussed in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this news release are forward-looking statements made in good faith by the company and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this news release or any of the company s other documents or oral presentations, the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , forecast , goal , intend , objective , plan , projection , seek , strategy or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this release, including the risks relating to regulatory trends and decisions, the company s ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets, and the other factors discussed in the company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties include the following federal, state, and local regulatory and political trends and decisions, including the impact of rate proceedings before various state regulatory commissions increased federal regulatory oversight and potential penalties possible increased federal, state, and local regulation of the safety of our operations possible significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs the inherent hazards and risks involved in distributing, transporting, and storing natural gas the availability and accessibility of contracted gas supplies, interstate pipeline, and or storage services increased competition from energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce natural disasters, adverse weather, terrorist activities, or other events and other risks and uncertainties discussed herein, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control failure of technology that affects the Company's business operations the threat of cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism that could disrupt our business operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee, or Company information the impact of new cybersecurity compliance requirements adverse weather conditions the impact of legislation to reduce or eliminate greenhouse gas emissions or fossil fuels the impact of climate change the capital-intensive nature of our business our ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy market risks beyond our control affecting our risk management activities, including commodity price volatility, counterparty performance or creditworthiness, and interest rate risk the concentration of our operations in Texas the impact of adverse economic conditions on our customers changes in the availability and price of natural gas and increased costs of providing health care benefits, along with pension and postretirement health care benefits and increased funding requirements. 2 Accordingly, while we believe these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will approximate actual experience or that the expectations derived from them will be realized. Further, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Atmos Energy Atmos Energy Corporation, a natural gas-only distributor, is an S P 500 company headquartered in Dallas. We safely deliver reliable, efficient, and abundant natural gas to over 3.3 million distribution customers in over 1,400 communities across eight states located primarily in the South. As part of our visio

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-25-000004_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20250204exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2025 First Quarter Affirms Fiscal 2025 Guidance DALLAS (February 4, 2025) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its first fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2024. This news release should be read in conjunction with our Form 10-Q and earnings slides which are concurrently being posted at www.atmosenergy.com. Fiscal Year Highlights Earnings per diluted share of $2.23 on net income of $351.9 million. Capital expenditures were $891.2 million approximately 86% focused on safety and reliability. Strong financial profile with 60.3% equity capitalization and $5.2 billion in available liquidity. Implemented $150.5 million in annualized regulatory outcomes. Outlook Fiscal 2025 earnings per diluted share guidance reaffirmed in the range of $7.05 - $7.25 per diluted share. Fiscal 2025 capital expenditure guidance expected to be approximately $3.7 billion. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.87 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2025 is $3.48, which represents an 8.1% increase over fiscal 2024. Our first quarter results reflect the continued execution of our proven strategy by all of our 5,300 dedicated employees of operating safely and reliably while we modernize our natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage systems, said Kevin Akers, president and chief executive officer of Atmos Energy Corporation. This strategy, along with our employees' continued focus on our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services, continues to benefit our customers and our communities, Akers concluded. 1 Conference Call to be Webcast February 5, 2025 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2025 first quarter financial results on Wednesday, February 5, 2025, at 9 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 800-715-9871 and the international telephone number is 646-307-1963. The conference ID is 15904. The conference call will be webcast live on the Atmos Energy website at www.investors.atmosenergy.com events-and-presentations . A playback of the call will be available on the website later that day. Forward-Looking Statements The matters discussed in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this news release are forward-looking statements made in good faith by the company and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this news release or any of the company s other documents or oral presentations, the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , forecast , goal , intend , objective , plan , projection , seek , strategy or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this release, including the risks relating to regulatory trends and decisions, the company s ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets, and the other factors discussed in the company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties include the following federal, state, and local regulatory and political trends and decisions, including the impact of rate proceedings before various state regulatory commissions increased federal regulatory oversight and potential penalties possible increased federal, state, and local regulation of the safety of our operations possible significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs the inherent hazards and risks involved in distributing, transporting, and storing natural gas the availability and accessibility of contracted gas supplies, interstate pipeline, and or storage services increased competition from energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce natural disasters, adverse weather, terrorist activities, or other events and other risks and uncertainties discussed herein, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control failure of technology that affects the Company's business operations the threat of cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism that could disrupt our business operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee, or Company information the impact of new cybersecurity compliance requirements adverse weather conditions the impact of legislation to reduce or eliminate greenhouse gas emissions or fossil fuels the impact of climate change the capital-intensive nature of our business our ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy market risks beyond our control affecting our risk management activities, including commodity price volatility, counterparty performance or creditworthiness, and interest rate risk the concentration of our operations in Texas the impact of adverse economic conditions on our customers changes in the availability and price of natural gas and increased costs of providing health care benefits, along with pension and postretirement health care benefits and increased funding requirements. 2 Accordingly, while we believe these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will approximate actual experience or that the expectations derived from them will be realized. Further, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Atmos Energy Atmos Energy Corporation, a natural gas-only distributor, is an S P 500 company headquartered in Dallas. We safely deliver reliable, efficient, and abundant natural gas to over 3.3 million distribution customers in over 1,400 communities across eight states located primarily in the South. As part of our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas

=== [ER] edgar_0001193125-24-082055_991.htm ===
8-K ATMOS ENERGY CORP false 0000731802 0000731802 2024-03-28 2024-03-28 0000731802 stpr:VA 2024-03-28 2024-03-28 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 March 28, 2024 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) ATMOS ENERGY CORPORATION (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Texas And Virginia 1-10042 75-1743247 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 1800 THREE LINCOLN CENTRE , 5430 LBJ FREEWAY , DALLAS , Texas 75240 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) ( 972 ) 934-9227 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Common stock, No Par Value ATO New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Three Year Credit Agreement On March 28, 2024, Atmos Energy Corporation (the Company ) entered into a Revolving Credit Agreement (the Three Year Credit Agreement ) with Cr dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank ( Cr dit Agricole ), as the Administrative Agent, the syndication agents, the documentation agents, the lead arrangers and bookrunners named therein, and the lenders named therein, providing the Company with a $1.5 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the Three Year Credit Facility ) for a three year term. The Company has the option to twice extend the three year term for one additional year, subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, for a maximum term of up to five years. The Three Year Credit Facility contains the requirement that all borrowings must be paid within 364 days and that no borrowings be outstanding under the Three Year Credit Facility for a period of at least thirty consecutive days (the Clean-Up Period ) during each fiscal year of the Company, with the timing of each Clean-Up Period to be at the Company s discretion. The Three Year Credit Facility also contains an accordion-type feature, which allows the Company to propose up to a $250 million increase in the lenders commitments. Proceeds of the Three Year Credit Facility will be used by the Company for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. Borrowings under the Three Year Credit Facility will bear interest at a rate dependent on the Company s credit ratings and based, at the Company s election, on a defined base rate or on Term SOFR for the applicable interest period. In the case of borrowings based on the base rate, an applicable margin ranging from 0.000% to 0.250% will apply, based on the Company s then-current credit ratings. The base rate is defined as the highest of (i) the per annum rate of interest established by Cr dit Agricole as its prime lending rate at the time of such borrowing, (ii) the Federal Funds Rate, as in effect at the time of borrowing, plus one-half of one percent (0.50%) per annum, or (iii) one-month Term SOFR plus one percent (1.00%). In the case of borrowings based on Term SOFR, an applicable margin ranging from 0.750% to 1.250% will apply, based on the Company s then-current credit ratings, plus a Term SOFR adjustment equal to 0.10%. The effective total interest rate may be modified in the event of a change in the Company s credit ratings. The Company must also pay commitment fees quarterly in arrears on the average daily unused portion of the credit facility at rates ranging from 0.050% to 0.165% per annum, dependent upon the Company s credit ratings. Based upon the Company s current credit ratings, the commitment fee would be at the rate of 0.090%. The Three Year Credit Facility will expire on March 28, 2027, at which time all outstanding amounts under the Three Year Credit Facility will be due and payable. The Three Year Credit Facility contains usual and customary covenants for transactions of this type, including covenants limiting liens, substantial asset sales and mergers. In addition, the Three Year Credit Facility provides that during the term of the facility, the Company s debt to capitalization ratio as of the last day of each of its fiscal quarters shall be less than or equal to 0.70 to 1.00, excluding from the calculation of debt (i) any pension and other post-retirement benefits liability adjustments recorded in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and (ii) an amount of hybrid securities, as defined in the Three Year Credit Facility (generally, deferrable interest subordinated debt with a maturity of at least 20 years), not to exceed a total of 15% of total capitalization. In the event of a default by the Company under the Three Year Credit Facility, including cross-defaults relating to specified other indebtedness of the Company, Cr dit Agricole may, upon the consent of lenders holding a certain minimum of loans, and shall, upon the request and direction of such lenders, declare the amounts under the Three Year Credit Facility outstanding, including all accrued interest and unpaid fees, payable immediately, and enforce any and all rights and interests created and existing under the Three Year Credit Facility documents, including, without limitation, all rights of set-off 

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-24-000026_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20241106exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2024 Initiates Fiscal 2025 Guidance Raises Dividend DALLAS (November 6, 2024) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its fourth fiscal quarter and year ended September 30, 2024. This news release should be read in conjunction with our earnings slides which are concurrently being posted at www.atmosenergy.com. Fiscal Year Highlights Earnings per diluted share of $6.83 on net income of $1 billion. Capital expenditures were $2.9 billion approximately 83% focused on safety and reliability. Strong financial profile with 61% equity capitalization and $4.8 billion in available liquidity. Implemented $376.3 million in annualized regulatory outcomes. Outlook Fiscal 2025 earnings per diluted share guidance expected to be in the range of $7.05 - $7.25 per diluted share. Fiscal 2025 capital expenditure guidance expected to be approximately $3.7 billion. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.87 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2025 is $3.48, which represents an 8.1% increase over fiscal 2024. Fiscal 2024 marked the 13th year of executing our proven strategy of operating safely and reliably while we modernize our natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage systems, said Kevin Akers, president and chief executive officer of Atmos Energy Corporation. This strategy, along with our employees' focus on our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services continue to benefit our customers, and our communities, Akers concluded. 1 Conference Call to be Webcast November 7, 2024 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2024 fourth quarter financial results on Thursday, November 7, 2024, at 10 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 800-715-9871 and the international telephone number is 646-307-1963. The conference ID is 15904. The conference call will be webcast live on the Atmos Energy website at www.investors.atmosenergy.com events-and-presentations . A playback of the call will be available on the website later that day. Forward-Looking Statements The matters discussed in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this news release are forward-looking statements made in good faith by the company and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this news release or any of the company s other documents or oral presentations, the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , forecast , goal , intend , objective , plan , projection , seek , strategy or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this release, including the risks relating to regulatory trends and decisions, the company s ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets, and the other factors discussed in the company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties include the following federal, state, and local regulatory and political trends and decisions, including the impact of rate proceedings before various state regulatory commissions increased federal regulatory oversight and potential penalties possible increased federal, state, and local regulation of the safety of our operations possible significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs the inherent hazards and risks involved in distributing, transporting, and storing natural gas the availability and accessibility of contracted gas supplies, interstate pipeline, and or storage services increased competition from energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce natural disasters, adverse weather, terrorist activities, or other events and other risks and uncertainties discussed herein, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control failure of technology that affects the Company's business operations the threat of cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism that could disrupt our business operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee, or Company information the impact of new cybersecurity compliance requirements adverse weather conditions the impact of legislation to reduce or eliminate greenhouse gas emissions or fossil fuels the impact of climate change the capital-intensive nature of our business our ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy market risks beyond our control affecting our risk management activities, including commodity price volatility, counterparty performance or creditworthiness, and interest rate risk the concentration of our operations in Texas the impact of adverse economic conditions on our customers changes in the availability and price of natural gas and increased costs of providing health care benefits, along with pension and postretirement health care benefits and increased funding requirements. 2 Accordingly, while we believe these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will approximate actual experience or that the expectations derived from them will be realized. Further, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Atmos Energy Atmos Energy Corporation, an S P 500 company headquartered in Dallas, is the country s largest natural gas-only distributor. We safely deliver reliable, efficient, and abundant natural gas to over 3.3 million distribution customers in over 1,400 communities across eight states located primarily in the South. As part of our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services, we are modernizing our business and i

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-24-000021_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20240807exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2024 Third Quarter Reaffirms Fiscal 2024 Guidance DALLAS (August 7, 2024) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its third fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024. This news release should be read in conjunction with our Form 10-Q and earnings slides which are concurrently being posted at www.atmosenergy.com. Fiscal Year to Date Highlights Earnings per diluted share of $6.00 on net income of $908.9 million. Capital expenditures were $2.1 billion approximately 82 percent focused on safety and reliability. Strong financial profile with 61% equity capitalization and $4.3 billion in available liquidity. Implemented $340.6 million in annualized regulatory outcomes $176.5 million in progress. Outlook Fiscal 2024 earnings per diluted share guidance expected to be in the range of $6.70 - $6.80 per diluted share. Fiscal 2024 capital expenditure guidance expected to be approximately $3.1 billion. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.805 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2024 is $3.22, which represents an 8.8% increase over fiscal 2023. Our third quarter results continue to reflect the dedication, focus and effort of all 5,000 employees to execute our strategy and safely provide natural gas service to over three million customers in 1,400 communities, said Kevin Akers, President and Chief Executive Officer of Atmos Energy, Based on our year-to-date performance, we believe fiscal 2024 earnings will be in the upper end of our earnings guidance range of $6.70 to $6.80 per diluted share. 1 Conference Call to be Webcast August 8, 2024 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2024 third quarter financial results on Thursday, August 8, 2024, at 10 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 800-715-9871 and the international telephone number is 646-307-1963. The conference ID is 15904. The conference call will be webcast live on the Atmos Energy website at www.investors.atmosenergy.com events-and-presentations . A playback of the call will be available on the website later that day. Forward-Looking Statements The matters discussed in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this news release are forward-looking statements made in good faith by the company and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this news release or any of the company s other documents or oral presentations, the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , forecast , goal , intend , objective , plan , projection , seek , strategy or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this release, including the risks relating to regulatory trends and decisions, the company s ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets, and the other factors discussed in the company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties include the following federal, state and local regulatory and political trends and decisions, including the impact of rate proceedings before various state regulatory commissions increased federal regulatory oversight and potential penalties possible increased federal, state and local regulation of the safety of our operations possible significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs the inherent hazards and risks involved in distributing, transporting and storing natural gas the availability and accessibility of contracted gas supplies, interstate pipeline and or storage services increased competition from energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce natural disasters, terrorist activities or other events and other risks and uncertainties discussed herein, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control increased dependence on technology that may hinder the Company's business if such technologies fail the threat of cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism that could disrupt our business operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee or Company information the impact of new cybersecurity compliance requirements adverse weather conditions the impact of greenhouse gas emissions or other legislation or regulations intended to address climate change the impact of climate change the capital-intensive nature of our business our ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy market risks beyond our control affecting our risk management activities, including commodity price volatility, counterparty performance or creditworthiness and interest rate risk the concentration of our operations in Texas the impact of adverse economic conditions on our customers changes in the availability and price of natural gas and increased costs of providing 2 health care benefits, along with pension and postretirement health care benefits and increased funding requirements. Accordingly, while we believe these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will approximate actual experience or that the expectations derived from them will be realized. Further, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Atmos Energy Atmos Energy Corporation, an S P 500 company headquartered in Dallas, is the country s largest natural gas-only distributor. We safely deliver reliable, efficient and abundant natural gas to over 3.3 million distribution customers in over 1,400 communities across eight states located primarily in the South. As part of our vision to be the safest prov

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-24-000011_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20240508exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2024 Second Quarter Raises Fiscal 2024 Guidance DALLAS (May 8, 2024) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its second fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2024. This news release should be read in conjunction with our Form 10-Q and earnings slides which are concurrently being posted at www.atmosenergy.com. Fiscal Year to Date Highlights Earnings per diluted share of $4.93 on net income of $743.3 million. Capital expenditures were $1,415.5 million approximately 81 percent focused on safety and reliability. Strong financial profile with 60.9% equity capitalization and $4.2 billion in available liquidity. Implemented $165.4 million in annualized regulatory outcomes $178.8 million in progress. Outlook Fiscal 2024 earnings per diluted share guidance raised to the range of $6.70 - $6.80 from $6.45 - $6.65 per diluted share. Fiscal 2024 capital expenditure guidance increased to approximately $3.1 billion. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.805 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2024 is $3.22, which represents an 8.8% increase over fiscal 2023. Our results for the first half of fiscal 2024 reflect the hard work and dedication of all of our 5,000 employees who provide exceptional customer service while safely and reliably operating our natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage systems, said Kevin Akers, president and chief executive officer of Atmos Energy Corporation. Their continued focus on our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services, while pursuing our proven strategy continues to benefit our customers and the communities we are proud to serve, Akers concluded. 1 Conference Call to be Webcast May 9, 2024 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2024 second quarter financial results on Thursday, May 9, 2024, at 10 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 888-350-3846 and the international telephone number is 646-960-0251. The conference ID is 9958104. The conference call will be webcast live on the Atmos Energy website at www.investors.atmosenergy.com events-and-presentations . A playback of the call will be available on the website later that day. Forward-Looking Statements The matters discussed in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this news release are forward-looking statements made in good faith by the company and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this news release or any of the company s other documents or oral presentations, the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , forecast , goal , intend , objective , plan , projection , seek , strategy or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this release, including the risks relating to regulatory trends and decisions, the company s ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets, and the other factors discussed in the company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties include the following federal, state and local regulatory and political trends and decisions, including the impact of rate proceedings before various state regulatory commissions increased federal regulatory oversight and potential penalties possible increased federal, state and local regulation of the safety of our operations possible significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs the inherent hazards and risks involved in distributing, transporting and storing natural gas the availability and accessibility of contracted gas supplies, interstate pipeline and or storage services increased competition from energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce natural disasters, terrorist activities or other events and other risks and uncertainties discussed herein, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control increased dependence on technology that may hinder the Company's business if such technologies fail the threat of cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism that could disrupt our business operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee or Company information the impact of new cybersecurity compliance requirements adverse weather conditions the impact of greenhouse gas emissions or other legislation or regulations intended to address climate change the impact of climate change the capital-intensive nature of our business our ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy market risks beyond our control affecting our risk management activities, including commodity price volatility, counterparty performance or creditworthiness and interest rate risk the concentration of our operations in Texas the impact of adverse economic conditions on our customers changes in the availability and price of natural gas and increased costs of providing 2 health care benefits, along with pension and postretirement health care benefits and increased funding requirements. Accordingly, while we believe these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will approximate actual experience or that the expectations derived from them will be realized. Further, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Atmos Energy Atmos Energy Corporation, an S P 500 company headquartered in Dallas, is the country s largest natural gas-only distributor. We safely deliver reliable, efficient and abundant natural gas to over 3.3 million distribution customers in over 1,4

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-24-000004_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20240206exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2024 First Quarter Affirms Fiscal 2024 Guidance DALLAS (February 6, 2024) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its first fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023. This news release should be read in conjunction with our Form 10-Q and earnings slides which are concurrently being posted at www.atmosenergy.com. Fiscal Year to Date Highlights Earnings per diluted share of $2.08 on net income of $311.3 million. Capital expenditures were $769.7 million with approximately 82 percent focused on safety and reliability. Strong financial profile with 60.2% equity capitalization and $3.2 billion in available liquidity. Implemented $161.9 million in annualized regulatory outcomes, including the settlement of Atmos Pipeline Texas' general rate case. Outlook Fiscal 2024 earnings per diluted share guidance reaffirmed in the range of $6.45 - $6.65. Fiscal 2024 capital expenditures are expected to approximate $2.9 billion. The company's Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend 8.8% to $0.805 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2024 is $3.22. Our first quarter results reflect the continued execution of our proven strategy by all of our 5,000 dedicated employees of operating safely and reliably while we modernize our natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage systems, said Kevin Akers, president and chief executive officer of Atmos Energy Corporation. This strategy, along with our employees' continued focus on our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas services, continues to benefit our customers, our communities, and it positions us to continue delivering annual earnings per share growth in the six to eight percent range, Akers concluded. 1 Conference Call to be Webcast February 7, 2024 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2024 first quarter financial results on Wednesday, February 7, 2024, at 9 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 888-350-3846 and the international telephone number is 646-960-0251. The conference ID is 9958104. The conference call will be webcast live on the Atmos Energy website at www.investors.atmosenergy.com events-and-presentations . A playback of the call will be available on the website later that day. Forward-Looking Statements The matters discussed in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this news release are forward-looking statements made in good faith by the company and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this news release or any of the company s other documents or oral presentations, the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , forecast , goal , intend , objective , plan , projection , seek , strategy or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this release, including the risks relating to regulatory trends and decisions, the company s ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets, and the other factors discussed in the company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties include the following federal, state and local regulatory and political trends and decisions, including the impact of rate proceedings before various state regulatory commissions increased federal regulatory oversight and potential penalties possible increased federal, state and local regulation of the safety of our operations possible significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs the inherent hazards and risks involved in distributing, transporting and storing natural gas the availability and accessibility of contracted gas supplies, interstate pipeline and or storage services increased competition from energy suppliers and alternative forms of energy failure to attract and retain a qualified workforce natural disasters, terrorist activities or other events and other risks and uncertainties discussed herein, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control increased dependence on technology that may hinder the Company's business if such technologies fail the threat of cyber-attacks or acts of cyber-terrorism that could disrupt our business operations and information technology systems or result in the loss or exposure of confidential or sensitive customer, employee or Company information the impact of new cybersecurity compliance requirements adverse weather conditions the impact of greenhouse gas emissions or other legislation or regulations intended to address climate change the impact of climate change the capital-intensive nature of our business our ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets to execute our business strategy market risks beyond our control affecting our risk management activities, including commodity price volatility, counterparty performance or creditworthiness and interest rate risk the concentration of our operations in Texas the impact of adverse economic conditions on our customers changes in the availability and price of natural gas and increased costs of providing 2 health care benefits, along with pension and postretirement health care benefits and increased funding requirements. Accordingly, while we believe these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will approximate actual experience or that the expectations derived from them will be realized. Further, the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About Atmos Energy Atmos Energy Corporation, an S P 500 company headquartered in Dallas, is the country s largest natural gas-only distributor. We safely deliver reliable, efficient and abundant natural gas to over 3.3 

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-23-000025_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20231108exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2023 Initiates Fiscal 2024 Guidance Raises Dividend DALLAS (November 8, 2023) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its fourth fiscal quarter and year ended September 30, 2023. Highlights Earnings per diluted share was $6.10 for the year ended September 30, 2023 $0.80 per diluted share for the fourth fiscal quarter. Consolidated net income was $885.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2023 $118.5 million for the fourth fiscal quarter. Capital expenditures totaled $2.8 billion for the year ended September 30, 2023, with approximately 85 percent of capital spending related to system safety and reliability investments. Outlook Earnings per diluted share for fiscal 2024 is expected to be in the range of $6.45 to $6.65 per diluted share. Capital expenditures are expected to approximate $2.9 billion in fiscal 2024. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.805 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2024 is $3.22, which represents an 8.8% increase over fiscal 2023. Fiscal 2023 marks the 40th anniversary of Atmos Energy as well as the 12th year of executing our proven strategy of operating safely and reliably while we modernize our natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage systems, said Kevin Akers, president and chief executive officer of Atmos Energy Corporation. This strategy, along with our employees' continued focus on our vision to be the safest provider of natural gas service continues to benefit our customers, our communities, and position us to continue delivering annual earnings per share growth in the six to eight percent range, Akers concluded. 1 Results for the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2023 Consolidated operating income increased $146.1 million to $1.1 billion for the year ended September 30, 2023, compared to $921.0 million in the prior year, primarily due to rate outcomes in both segments, increased weather and consumption and customer growth in our distribution segment and increased through system revenues in our pipeline and storage segment that were partially offset by increased operation and maintenance expense and higher depreciation and property tax expenses due to increased capital investments. Distribution operating income increased $88.1 million to $692.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2023, compared with $604.5 million in the prior year, primarily due to a net $166.4 million increase in rates, an $18.4 million increase in customer growth, including industrial load, and an $11.7 million increase in consumption, partially offset by a $65.4 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses and a $46.7 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by line locates and other pipeline system maintenance activities and increased administrative costs. Pipeline and storage operating income increased $58.1 million to $374.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2023, compared with $316.4 million in the prior year. Key operating drivers for this segment include an $87.3 million increase from our GRIP filings approved in fiscal 2022 and 2023 and a $5.2 million increase in through system revenues, partially offset by a $24.5 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses and a $7.9 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by pipeline inspection activities and employee-related costs. Capital expenditures increased $361.6 million to $2.8 billion for the year ended September 30, 2023, compared with $2.4 billion in the prior year, due to increased system modernization and expansion spending. For the year ended September 30, 2023, the company generated operating cash flow of $3.5 billion, compared to $977.6 million in the prior year. The year-over-year increase primarily reflects the receipt of $2.02 billion from the Texas Natural Gas Securitization Finance Corporation in March 2023 related to gas costs incurred during Winter Storm Uri. Our equity capitalization ratio at September 30, 2023 increased to 61.5%, from 53.6% at September 30, 2022, due to the repayment at maturity of $2.2 billion of Winter Storm Uri financing and $806.9 million in equity issuances under our forward equity agreements, partially offset by the issuance of $500 million of 5.75% senior notes and $300 million of 5.45% senior notes in October 2022. Excluding the $2.2 billion of incremental financing issued to pay for the purchased gas costs incurred during Winter Storm Uri, our equity capitalization ratio was 61.3% at September 30, 2022. Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Consolidated operating income increased $48.7 million to $154.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, from $105.4 million in the prior-year quarter. Rate case outcomes in both segments and customer growth in our distribution segment and timing of pipeline maintenance activities were partially offset by higher depreciation and property tax expenses due to increased capital investments. 2 Distribution operating income increased $17.2 million to $53.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, compared with $36.7 million in the prior-year quarter. The main drivers for the current quarter include a net $27.6 million increase in rates and a $3.8 million increase due to net customer growth, partially offset by a $14.8 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Pipeline and storage operating income increased $31.5 million to $100.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, compared with $68.7 million in the prior-year quarter. The current quarter activity is primarily attributable to a $22.7 million increase in rates, due to the GRIP filings approved in May 2022 and May 2023 and a $14.3 million decrease in operations and maintenance expense due to timing of pipeline maintenance activities, which were partially offset by a $7.5 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Conference Call to be Webcast November 9, 2023 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2023 fourth quarter financial results on Thursday, November 9, 2023, at 10 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 888-350-3846 and the international telephone n

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-23-000020_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20230802exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2023 Third Quarter Reaffirms Fiscal 2023 Guidance DALLAS (August 2, 2023) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its third fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023. Highlights Earnings per diluted share was $5.33 for the nine months ended June 30, 2023 $0.94 per diluted share for the third fiscal quarter. Consolidated net income was $767.3 million for the nine months ended June 30, 2023 $137.8 million for the third fiscal quarter. Capital expenditures totaled $2.08 billion for the nine months ended June 30, 2023, with approximately 86 percent of capital spending related to system safety and reliability investments. Outlook Earnings per diluted share for fiscal 2023 is expected to be in the range of $6.00 to $6.10 per diluted share. Capital expenditures are expected to approximate $2.8 billion in fiscal 2023. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.74 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2023 is $2.96, which represents an 8.8% increase over fiscal 2022. The dedication of our employees coupled with the exceptional customer service they provide to our more than 3 million customers continues to position us to achieve fiscal 2023 earnings in the range of $6.00 to $6.10 per diluted share, said Kevin Akers, President and Chief Executive Officer of Atmos Energy. 1 Results for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2023 Consolidated operating income increased $14.7 million to $169.3 million for the three months ended June 30, 2023, from $154.6 million in the prior-year quarter. Rate case outcomes in both segments and customer growth in our distribution segment were partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expense and higher depreciation and property tax expenses due to increased capital investments. Distribution operating income increased $5.6 million to $71.7 million for the three months ended June 30, 2023, compared with $66.1 million in the prior-year quarter. The increase primarily reflects a net $29.1 million increase in rates, a $3.5 million increase due to net customer growth, partially offset by a $4.7 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by line locates and other pipeline system maintenance activities and a $16.8 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Pipeline and storage operating income increased $9.0 million to $97.6 million for the three months ended June 30, 2023, compared with $88.5 million in the prior-year quarter. This increase is primarily attributable to a $22.6 million increase in rates, due to the GRIP filings approved in May 2022 and May 2023, partially offset by an $8.0 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by system maintenance spending and a $6.4 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Results for the Nine Months Ended June 30, 2023 Consolidated operating income increased $97.5 million to $913.1 million for the nine months ended June 30, 2023, compared to $815.6 million in the prior year, primarily due to rate outcomes in both segments, increased weather and consumption and customer growth in our distribution segment and increased through system revenues in our pipeline and storage segment that were partially offset by increased operation and maintenance expense and higher depreciation and property tax expenses due to increased capital investments. Distribution operating income increased $70.9 million to $638.8 million for the nine months ended June 30, 2023, compared with $567.9 million in the prior year, primarily due to a net $139.0 million increase in rates, a $12.5 million increase in consumption, a $14.6 million increase in customer growth, including increased industrial load, and a $10.0 million decrease in refunds of excess deferred taxes to customers, which is substantially offset in income tax expense, partially offset by a $47.7 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by line locates and other pipeline system maintenance activities and increased administrative costs and a $50.5 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Pipeline and storage operating income increased $26.6 million to $274.3 million for the nine months ended June 30, 2023, compared with $247.7 million in the prior year. Key operating drivers for this segment include a $64.6 million increase from our GRIP filings approved in fiscal 2022 and 2023 and an $8.0 million increase in through system revenues, partially offset by a $22.1 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by timing of system maintenance spending and a $17.0 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Capital expenditures increased $357.5 million to $2.08 billion for the nine months ended June 30, 2023, compared with $1.73 billion in the prior year, due to increased system modernization and expansion spending. 2 For the nine months ended June 30, 2023, the company generated operating cash flow of $3.22 billion, compared to $929.3 million in the prior year. The year-over-year increase primarily reflects the receipt of $2.02 billion from the Texas Natural Gas Securitization Finance Corporation in March 2023 related to gas costs incurred during Winter Storm Uri. Our equity capitalization ratio at June 30, 2023 increased to 61.8%, from 53.6% at September 30, 2022, due to the repayment at maturity of $2.2 billion of Winter Storm Uri financing and $671.6 million in equity issuances under our forward equity agreements, partially offset by the issuance of $500 million of 5.75% senior notes and $300 million of 5.45% senior notes in October 2022. Excluding the $2.2 billion of incremental financing issued to pay for the purchased gas costs incurred during Winter Storm Uri, our equity capitalization ratio was 61.3% at September 30, 2022. Conference Call to be Webcast August 3, 2023 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2023 third quarter financial results on Thursday, August 3, 2023, at 10 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 888-350-3846 and the international telephone number is 646-960-0251. The conference ID is 9958104. Kevin Akers, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Chris Forsythe, Sen

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-23-000011_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20230503exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2023 Second Quarter Tightens Fiscal 2023 Guidance DALLAS (May 3, 2023) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its second fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023. Highlights Earnings per diluted share was $4.40 for the six months ended March 31, 2023 $2.48 per diluted share for the second fiscal quarter. Consolidated net income was $629.5 million for the six months ended March 31, 2023 $357.7 million for the second fiscal quarter. Capital expenditures totaled $1,415.3 million for the six months ended March 31, 2023, with approximately 86 percent of capital spending related to system safety and reliability investments. Outlook Fiscal 2023 earnings guidance was tightened to $6.00 to $6.10 per diluted share from $5.90 to $6.10 per diluted share. Capital expenditures are expected to approximate $2.7 billion in fiscal 2023. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.74 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2023 is $2.96, which represents an 8.8% increase over fiscal 2022. Our operating and financial performance for the first six months of the fiscal year reflects our employees continued dedication and focus to provide safe and reliable natural gas service, said Kevin Akers, President and Chief Executive Officer of Atmos Energy. With our fiscal year financing plans complete, better clarity on the regulatory front, and strong execution of our strategy in the first half of the year, we now expect fiscal 2023 earnings per share will range from $6.00 to $6.10. 1 Results for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2023 Consolidated operating income increased $37.5 million to $422.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023, from $385.1 million in the prior-year quarter. Rate case outcomes in both segments, increased weather and consumption and customer growth in our distribution segment were partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expense and higher depreciation and property tax expenses due to increased capital investments. Distribution operating income increased $24.0 million to $335.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared with $311.3 million in the prior-year quarter. The increase primarily reflects a net $52.5 million increase in rates, a $14.9 million increase in weather and consumption and a $5.8 million increase due to net customer growth, partially offset by a $29.8 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by pipeline system maintenance, increased bad debt expense and administrative costs and a $17.7 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Pipeline and storage operating income increased $13.5 million to $87.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023, compared with $73.8 million in the prior-year quarter. This increase is primarily attributable to a $21.0 million increase in rates, due to the GRIP filing approved in fiscal 2022, partially offset by a $6.3 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Results for the Six Months Ended March 31, 2023 Consolidated operating income increased $82.8 million to $743.8 million for the six months ended March 31, 2023, compared to $661.0 million in the prior year, primarily due to rate outcomes in both segments, increased weather and consumption and customer growth in our distribution segment and increased through system revenues in our pipeline and storage segment that were partially offset by increased operation and maintenance expense and higher depreciation and property tax expenses due to increased capital investments. Distribution operating income increased $65.3 million to $567.1 million for the six months ended March 31, 2023, compared with $501.8 million in the prior year, primarily due to a net $109.8 million increase in rates, a $14.1 million increase in weather and consumption, an $11.5 million increase in customer growth, including increased industrial load and a $10.5 million decrease in refunds of excess deferred taxes to customers, which is substantially offset in income tax expense, partially offset by a $43.0 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by pipeline system maintenance, increased bad debt expense and increased administrative costs and a $33.7 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Pipeline and storage operating income increased $17.5 million to $176.7 million for the six months ended March 31, 2023, compared with $159.2 million in the prior year. Key operating drivers for this segment include a $42.0 million increase from our GRIP filing approved in fiscal 2022 and a $7.1 million increase in through system revenues, partially offset by a $14.1 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by system maintenance spending and a $10.6 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Capital expenditures increased $225.3 million to $1,415.3 million for the six months ended March 31, 2023, compared with $1,190.0 million in the prior year, due to increased system modernization and expansion spending. For the six months ended March 31, 2023, the company generated operating cash flow of $2.89 billion, compared to $640.5 million in the prior year. The year-over-year increase primarily 2 reflects the receipt of $2.02 billion from the Texas Natural Gas Securitization Finance Corporation in March 2023 related to gas costs incurred during Winter Storm Uri. Our equity capitalization ratio at March 31, 2023 increased to 60.9%, from 53.6% at September 30, 2022, due to the repayment at maturity of $2.2 billion of Winter Storm Uri financing and $359.7 million in equity issuances under our forward equity agreements, partially offset by the issuance of $500 million of 5.75% senior notes and $300 million of 5.45% senior notes in October 2022. Excluding the $2.2 billion of incremental financing issued to pay for the purchased gas costs incurred during Winter Storm Uri, our equity capitalization ratio was 61.3% at September 30, 2022. Conference Call to be Webcast May 4, 2023 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2023 second quarter financial results on Thursday, May 4, 2023, at 10 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-23-000004_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20230207exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2023 First Quarter Affirms Fiscal 2023 Guidance DALLAS (February 7, 2023) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its first fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022. Highlights Earnings per diluted share was $1.91 for the three months ended December 31, 2022. Consolidated net income was $271.9 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022. Capital expenditures totaled $795.7 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022, with approximately 88 percent of capital spending related to system safety and reliability investments. Outlook Earnings per diluted share for fiscal 2023 is expected to be in the range of $5.90 to $6.10. Capital expenditures are expected to approximate $2.7 billion in fiscal 2023. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.74 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2023 is $2.96, which represents an 8.8% increase over fiscal 2022. Our first quarter results, reflect the dedication, focus and effort of all 4,800 Atmos Energy employees as we continued modernizing our natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage systems on our journey to be the safest provider of natural gas services, said Kevin Akers, President and CEO of Atmos Energy. We remain well positioned to achieve our fiscal 2023 earnings per share guidance, Akers concluded. 1 Results for the Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 Consolidated operating income increased $45.3 million to $321.2 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022, compared to $275.9 million in the prior year, primarily due to rate outcomes in both segments and customer growth in our distribution segment, partially offset by increased operation and maintenance and higher depreciation and property tax expenses due to increased capital investments. Distribution operating income increased $41.3 million to $231.8 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022, compared with $190.5 million in the prior-year quarter, primarily due to a $57.5 million increase in rates, a $5.7 million decrease in refunds of excess deferred taxes to customers and customer growth of $2.4 million, partially offset by a $13.2 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by pipeline system maintenance and increased administrative costs and a $16.0 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Pipeline and storage operating income increased $4.0 million to $89.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022, compared with $85.4 million in the prior year. Key operating drivers for this segment include a $21.0 million increase from our GRIP filing approved in fiscal 2022, partially offset by a $12.6 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by system maintenance spending and a $4.4 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Capital expenditures increased $111.5 million to $795.7 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022, compared with $684.2 million in the prior year, due to increased system modernization and expansion spending. For the three months ended December 31, 2022, the company generated operating cash flow of $188.9 million, compared to $61.8 million in the prior-year quarter. The year-over-year increase primarily reflects working capital changes, including the timing of payments for natural gas purchases and deferred gas cost recoveries and the positive effects of successful rate case outcomes achieved in the prior year. Our equity capitalization ratio at December 31, 2022 decreased to 52.9%, from 53.6% at September 30, 2022, due to $220.0 million in equity issuances under our forward equity agreements, partially offset by the issuance of $500 million of 5.75% senior notes and $300 million of 5.45% senior notes in October 2022. Excluding the $2.2 billion of incremental financing issued to pay for the purchased gas costs incurred during Winter Storm Uri, our equity capitalization ratio was 60.0% and 61.3% at December 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022. 2 Conference Call to be Webcast February 8, 2023 Atmos Energy will host a conference call with financial analysts to discuss the fiscal 2023 first quarter financial results on Wednesday, February 8, 2023, at 9 00 a.m. Eastern Time. The domestic telephone number is 877-407-3088 and the international telephone number is 201-389-0927. Kevin Akers, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Chris Forsythe, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will participate in the conference call. The conference call will be webcast live on the Atmos Energy website at www.atmosenergy.com . A playback of the call will be available on the website later that day. Forward-Looking Statements The matters discussed in this news release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this news release are forward-looking statements made in good faith by the company and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this news release or any of the company s other documents or oral presentations, the words anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , forecast , goal , intend , objective , plan , projection , seek , strategy or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in this presentation, including the risks relating to regulatory trends and decisions, the company s ability to continue to access the credit and capital markets, and the other factors discussed in the company s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties include the following federal, state and local regulatory and political trends and decisions, including the impact of rate proceedings before various state regulatory commissions increased federal regulatory oversight and potential penalties possible increased federal, state and local regulation of the safety of our operations possib

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-22-000033_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20221109exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2022 Initiates Fiscal 2023 Guidance Raises Dividend DALLAS (November 9, 2022) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its fourth fiscal quarter and year ended September 30, 2022. Highlights Earnings per diluted share was $5.60 for the year ended September 30, 2022 $0.51 per diluted share for the fourth fiscal quarter. Consolidated net income was $774.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2022 $71.6 million for the fourth fiscal quarter. Capital expenditures totaled $2.4 billion for the year ended September 30, 2022, with approximately 88 percent of capital spending related to system safety and reliability investments. Outlook Earnings per diluted share for fiscal 2023 is expected to be in the range of $5.90 to $6.10. Capital expenditures are expected to approximate $2.7 billion in fiscal 2023. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.74 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2023 is $2.96, which represents an 8.8% increase over fiscal 2022. Fiscal 2022 marked the 11th year of executing our proven strategy of operating safely and reliably while we modernize our natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage systems, said Kevin Akers, President and CEO of Atmos Energy. Fiscal 2022 also marked the 20th consecutive year of earnings per share growth. Our consistent financial performance is a testament to our employees' continued commitment and focus on executing our strategy while providing exceptional customer service, Akers concluded. 1 Results for the Year Ended September 30, 2022 Consolidated operating income increased $16.0 million to $921.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2022, compared to $905.0 million in the prior year. Refunds of excess deferred income taxes reduced operating income by $111.8 million year over year, which was substantially offset by a corresponding decrease in income tax expense. Excluding the impact of these refunds, operating income increased $127.8 million due to rate outcomes in both segments and customer growth in our distribution segment, partially offset by lower weather and consumption in our distribution segment, increased operations and maintenance and higher depreciation and property tax expenses due to increased capital investments. Distribution operating income decreased $14.0 million to $604.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2022, compared with $618.5 million in the prior-year period. Refunds of excess deferred taxes reduced operating income by $98.5 million year over year. Key operating drivers for this segment include a $149.9 million increase in rates and customer growth of $15.2 million, partially offset by a $17.3 million decrease in consumption, net of weather normalization adjustments (WNA), a $17.2 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by higher employee-related costs, insurance premiums and pipeline system maintenance, partially offset by lower bad debt expense and a $50.4 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Pipeline and storage operating income increased $29.9 million to $316.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2022, compared with $286.5 million in the prior year. Refunds of excess deferred income taxes decreased operating income by $13.3 million year over year. Key operating drivers for this segment include a $70.4 million increase from our GRIP filings approved in fiscal 2021 and 2022, partially offset by an $8.4 million increase in system maintenance spending, and a $15.4 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses. Capital expenditures increased $474.9 million to $2.4 billion for the year ended September 30, 2022, compared with $2.0 billion in the prior year, due to increased system modernization and expansion spending. For the year ended September 30, 2022, the company generated operating cash flow of $977.6 million, compared to $996.1 million excluding the $2.1 billion incurred in the prior-year period for gas costs incurred during Winter Storm Uri. The year-over-year decrease primarily reflects the refund of excess deferred tax liabilities, increased purchases of gas stored underground and the timing of gas cost recoveries, partially offset by increased customer collections and the positive effects of successful rate case outcomes achieved in fiscal years 2021 and 2022. Our equity capitalization ratio at September 30, 2022 increased to 53.6%, from 51.9% at September 30, 2021, due to $776.8 million in equity issuances under our forward equity agreements, partially offset by the issuance of $600 million of 2.85% senior notes in October 2021 and $200 million of 2.625% senior notes in January 2022. Excluding the $2.2 billion of incremental financing issued to pay for the purchased gas costs incurred during Winter Storm Uri, our equity capitalization ratio was 61.3% and 60.6% at September 30, 2022 and 2021. 2 Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2022 Consolidated operating income increased $14.4 million to $105.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2022, from $91.0 million in the prior-year quarter. Refunds of excess deferred income taxes reduced operating income by $9.1 million quarter over quarter, which was substantially offset by a corresponding decrease in income tax expense. Excluding the impact of these refunds, operating income increased $23.5 million due to rate outcomes in both segments, continued customer growth in our distribution segment and through system revenues in our pipeline and storage segment, partially offset by higher operations and maintenance expense and increased depreciation and property tax expenses due to increased capital investments. Distribution operating income decreased $0.9 million to $36.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2022, compared with $37.6 million in the prior-year quarter. Refunds of excess deferred taxes reduced operating income by $9.1 million quarter over quarter. Key operating drivers for this segment include a net $27.3 million increase in rates, a $1.9 million increase due to net customer growth partially offset by a $4.2 million decrease in consumption, net of WNA, a $2.0 million increase in operation and maintenance expense primarily due to higher employee-relate

=== [ER] edgar_0000731802-22-000028_991.htm ===
EX-99.1 2 ato20220803exhibit991.htm EX-99.1 Document Exhibit 99.1 News Release Analysts and Media Contact Dan Meziere (972) 855-3729 Atmos Energy Corporation Reports Earnings for Fiscal 2022 Third Quarter Reaffirms Fiscal 2022 Guidance DALLAS (August 3, 2022) - Atmos Energy Corporation (NYSE ATO) today reported consolidated results for its third fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022. Highlights Earnings per diluted share was $5.12 for the nine months ended June 30, 2022 $0.92 per diluted share for the third fiscal quarter. Consolidated net income was $702.8 million for the nine months ended June 30, 2022 $128.5 million for the third fiscal quarter. Capital expenditures totaled $1.7 billion for the nine months ended June 30, 2022, with approximately 87 percent of capital spending related to system safety and reliability investments. Outlook Earnings per diluted share for fiscal 2022 is expected to be in the range of $5.50 to $5.60. Capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion in fiscal 2022. The company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend of $0.68 per common share. The indicated annual dividend for fiscal 2022 is $2.72, which represents an 8.8% increase over fiscal 2021. Third quarter results were in line with our expectations and reflect the continued dedication, focus and effort of all 4,700 employees to execute our strategy and safely provide natural gas service to over three million customers in 1,400 communities, said Kevin Akers, President and Chief Executive Officer of Atmos Energy, Based on our year-to-date performance, we continue to believe fiscal 2022 earnings will be within our earnings guidance range of $5.50 to $5.60 per diluted share. Results for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2022 Consolidated operating income increased $21.2 million to $154.6 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022, from $133.4 million in the prior-year quarter. Refunds of excess deferred income taxes reduced operating income by $20.8 million quarter over quarter, which was substantially offset by a corresponding decrease in income tax expense. Excluding the impact of these refunds, operating income increased $42.0 million due to rate outcomes in both segments, continued customer growth, increased consumption in our distribution segment and lower 1 operations and maintenance expense, partially offset by increased depreciation and property tax expenses. Distribution operating income decreased $2.0 million to $66.1 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022, compared with $68.1 million in the prior-year quarter. Refunds of excess deferred taxes reduced operating income by $20.8 million quarter over quarter. Key operating drivers for this segment include a net $30.5 million increase in rates, a $2.6 million increase due to net customer growth, a $3.3 million increase in consumption, net of our weather normalization adjustments (WNA) and a $1.8 million decrease in other operation and maintenance expense primarily due to lower bad debt expense in the current-year quarter, partially offset by a $13.7 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses and a $5.0 million increase in system maintenance expense. Pipeline and storage operating income increased $23.3 million to $88.5 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022, compared with $65.3 million in the prior-year quarter. Key operating drivers for this segment include a $21.0 million increase in rates due to the GRIP filings approved in fiscal 2021 and 2022 and a $6.1 million decrease in system maintenance expense, partially offset by a $4.5 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses due to increased capital investments. Results for the Nine Months Ended June 30, 2022 Consolidated operating income increased $1.6 million to $815.6 million for the nine months ended June 30, 2022, compared to $814.0 million in the prior year. Refunds of excess deferred income taxes reduced operating income by $102.8 million year over year, which was substantially offset by a corresponding decrease in income tax expense. Excluding the impact of these refunds, operating income increased $104.4 million due to rate outcomes in both segments and customer growth in our distribution segment, partially offset by lower weather and consumption in our distribution segment, lower thru-system revenue in our pipeline and storage segment and increased operations and maintenance, depreciation and property tax expenses. Distribution operating income decreased $13.0 million to $567.9 million for the nine months ended June 30, 2022, compared with $580.9 million in the prior-year period. Refunds of excess deferred taxes reduced operating income by $89.5 million year over year. Key operating drivers for this segment include a $122.6 million increase in rates, and customer growth of $13.2 million partially offset by a $13.1 million decrease in consumption, net of WNA, a $15.2 million increase in operation and maintenance expense driven primarily by higher pipeline maintenance costs and other administrative costs, partially offset by lower bad debt expense in the current-year quarter and a $34.8 million increase in depreciation and property tax expenses associated with increased capital investments. Pipeline and storage operating income increased $14.6 million to $247.7 million for the nine months ended June 30, 2022, compared 