=== PM_2026-02-06.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors . Description of Our Company We are a leading international consumer goods company, actively delivering a smoke-free future. We are evolving our portfolio for the long term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector. Our current product portfolio primarily consists of cigarettes and smoke-free products, including heat-not-burn, nicotine pouch and e-vapor products. Since 2008, we have invested over $16 billion to develop, scientifically substantiate and commercialize innovative smoke-free products for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, with the goal of completely ending the sale of cigarettes. This investment includes the building of world-class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post-market studies. In November 2022, we acquired Swedish Match AB ("Swedish Match") a leader in oral nicotine delivery creating a global smoke-free combination led by the companies IQOS and ZYN brands. As of April 30, 2024, we hold the full rights to commercialize IQOS in the U.S. after reaching an agreement to end our U.S. commercial relationship covering IQOS with Altria Group, Inc. in 2022. Following a robust science-based review, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA") has authorized the marketing of Swedish Match s General snus and ZYN nicotine pouches and versions of PMI s IQOS devices and consumables - the first-ever such authorizations in their respective categories. Versions of IQOS devices and consumables and General snus also obtained the first-ever Modified Risk Tobacco Product ("MRTP") authorizations from the FDA. We describe the MRTP orders in more detail in the "Business Environment" section of this Item 7. Following the sale of Vectura Group Ltd. on December 31, 2024, we updated our segment reporting in January 2025 by including the ongoing Wellness results (previously referred to as Wellness Healthcare) in the Europe segment. In addition, we renamed our PMI Duty Free business to PMI Global Travel Retail effective in the first quarter of 2025. As a result of this change, our segment that includes our duty free business was renamed East Asia, Australia PMI Global Travel Retail ( EA, AU PMI GTR ). As of December 31, 2025, our four geographical segments were as follows: Europe Region, including our Wellness business; South and Southeast Asia, Commonwealth of Independent States, Middle East and Africa Region ("SSEA, CIS MEA"); East Asia, Australia, and PMI Global Travel Retail ( EA, AU PMI GTR ); and Americas Region. As communicated in the fourth quarter of 2025, with our smoke-free business now operating at scale across our regions, including substantial growth from our U.S. business, we have implemented an evolved organizational model with two primary business units: International and U.S. The updated organizational structure is designed to enhance our agility and to support our journey to become a smoke-free company under the leadership of Jacek Olczak, Group CEO of PMI. This change was implemented effective January 1, 2026, and as a result we realigned our reportable segments accordingly. The four geographic segments have been replaced with three new reportable segments: International Smoke-Free, International Combustibles, and U.S. As of the first quarter of 2026, our reporting will reflect these changes. Our cigarettes are sold in approximately 170 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. We have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands. Our portfolio is comprised of both international and local brands. Smoke-Free Business ("SFB ) is the term PMI uses to refer to all of its smoke-free products. SFB also includes wellness products, as well as consumer accessories, such as lighters and matches. 24 Smoke-free products (also referred to herein as "SFPs") is the term PMI uses to refer to all of its products that provide nicotine without combusting tobacco, such as heat-not-burn, e-vapor, and oral smokeless, and that therefore generate far lower levels of harmful chemicals. As such, these products have the potential to present less risk of harm versus continued smoking. IQOS, ZYN and VEEV are the leading brands in our SFPs portfolio. As of December 31, 2025, our smoke-free products were available for sale in 106 markets. With a strong foundation and significant expertise in life sciences, PMI has a long-term ambition to expand into wellness areas. The business strategy of our wellness unit, Aspeya, currently focuses on developing and commercializing primarily oral consumer wellness offerings. This includes medical and non-recreational cannabinoid products (including CBD), in line with applicable regulatory requirements, though any revenue related to cannabinoids is expected to be negligible in the near to medium term. We use the term net revenues to refer to our operating revenues from the sale of our products, including shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and excise taxes. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume and mix of products we sell, the price of our products and changes in currency exchange rates. Mix is a term used to refer to the proportionate value of premium-price brands to mid-price or low-price brands in any given market (product mix). "Mix" can also refer to the proportion of shipment volume in more profitable markets versus shipment volume in less profitable markets (geographic mix). Our cost of sales consists primarily of: tobacco leaf, non-tobacco raw materials, labor and manufacturing costs; shipping and handling costs; and the cost of devices produced by third-party electronics manufacturing service providers. Estimated costs associated with device warranty programs are generally provided for in cost of sales in the period the related revenues are recognized. Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products (including general corporate expenses), and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. 25 Executive Summary The following executive summary provides the business update and significant highlights from the Discussion and Analysis that follows. Consolidated Operating Results Net Revenues Net revenues of $40.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, increased by $2.8 billion, or 7.3%, from the comparable 2024 amount. The change in our net revenues from the comparable 2024 amount was driven by the following (variances not to scale): Net revenues increased by 7.3%. Net revenues, excluding currency and acquisitions/divestitures, increased by 6.5%, mainly reflecting: a favorable pricing variance due to higher combustible tobacco pricing; and favorable volume/mix, driven by higher smoke-free products volume, notwithstanding unfavorable mix and lower volumes for cigarettes. Net revenues by product category for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, are shown below: 26 Diluted Earnings Per Share The changes in our reported diluted earnings per share ( diluted EPS ) for the year ended December 31, 2025, from the comparable 2024 amounts, were as follows: Diluted EPS % Change For the year ended December 31, 2024 $ 4.52 2024 Restructuring charges 0.10 2024 Impairment of other intangibles 0.01 2024 Fair value adjustment for equity security investments (0.27) 2024 Impairment related to RBH equity investment 1.49 2024 Amortization of intangibles 0.40 2024 Loss on sale of Vectura Group 0.13 2024 Egypt sales tax charge 0.03 2024 Megapolis localization tax impact 0.05 2024 Income tax impact associated with Swedish Match AB financing 0.14 2024 Tax items (0.03) Subtotal of 2024 items 2.05 2025 Restructuring charges (0.14) 2025 Impairment of goodwill (0.03) 2025 Fair value adjustment for equity security investments 0.18 2025 Amortization of intangibles (0.50) 2025 Germany excise tax classification litigation charge (0.10) 2025 RBH (Canada) Plan implementation, including dividend income, net 0.10 2025 Impairment of Wellness business related equity investment (0.09) 2025 Loss on expected sale of consumer accessories and other businesses (0.06) 2025 Income tax impact associated with Swedish Match AB financing 0.25 2025 Tax items 0.11 Subtotal of 2025 items (0.28) Currency 0.04 Interest 0.09 Change in tax rate (0.01) Operations 0.85 For the year ended December 31, 2025 $ 7.26 60.6 % Restructuring charges During 2024, we recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of $180 million (representing $150 million net of income tax and a diluted EPS charge of $0.10 per share), related to the restructuring of the sourcing of IQOS products to be commercialized in the U.S., and the cessation of our operations in Venezuela. During 2025, we recorded pre-tax restructuring charges of $241 million (representing $222 million net o f income tax and a diluted EPS charge of $0.14 per share), related to the end of combustible tobacco production in two of our factories in Germany. For further details, see Item 8, Note 18. Restructuring Activities . Impairment of goodwill and other intangibles During the first quarter of 2024, we recorded an impairment charge of $27 million (representing $20 million net of income tax or $0.01 per share decrease in diluted EPS), primarily reflecting the impairment of non-amortizable intangible assets related to an in-process research and development project in our Wellness business. During the second quarter of 2025, after the completion of our annual review of goodwill, it was determined that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit included within the Europe segment was lower than its carrying value. Consequently, PMI recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $41 million (representing a $0.03 per share decrease in diluted EPS). For further details, see Item 8, Note 4. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net . 27 Fair value adjustment for equity security investments During 2024 and 2025, we recorded fair value adjustments for our equity security investments in India and Sri Lanka of $418 million after tax gain (or $0.27 per share increase in diluted EPS) and $289 million after tax gain (or $0.18 per share increase in diluted EPS), respectively. For further details, see Item 8, Note 5. Related Parties - Equity Investments and Other . Impairment related to the RBH equity investment On October 17, 2024, the court-appointed mediator and monitor in the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act ("CCAA") proceedings filed a proposed plan of compromise and arrangement ( Proposed Plan ) setting forth, among other things, certain terms of a proposed comprehensive resolution of Canadian tobacco claims and related litigation. Under the resolution contemplated by the Proposed Plan, RBH, Imperial Tobacco Canada Limited ("ITL") and JTI Macdonald Corp ("JTIM") would pay an aggregate global settlement amount of CAD 32.5 billion (approximately $23.7 billion as of December 31, 2025). A significant determinative factor in the analysis of impairment indicators was the issue of allocation of CAD 32.5 billion aggregate settlement amount among RBH, ITL, and JTIM which remained unresolved at the time of filing. On January 24, 2025, RBH filed an objection to approval of the Proposed Plan with the CCAA court. Developments, including the positions taken by RBH in this objection and the positions taken by other parties in related filings narrowed the range of possible outcomes with respect to the allocation of the aggregate settlement amount of CAD 32.5 billion among RBH, ITL, and JTIM, which was determined to be an indicator that PMI s investment in RBH may be impaired. Although there remained some uncertainty as to the final terms of the Proposed plan, PMI evaluated its investment in RBH for potential impairment and concluded that the estimated fair value of its investment in RBH was lower than its carrying value. As a result, PMI performed a quantitative valuation of its investment in RBH as of December 31, 2024, and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $2,316 million (representing a diluted EPS charge of $1.49 per share) in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024, as a recognized subsequent event. For further details, see Item 8, Note 5. Related Parties - Equity Investments and Other . Amortization of intangibles During 2024 and 2025, we recorded amortization of intangible expense of $835 million (representing $629 million net of income tax or $0.40 per share decrease in diluted EPS) and $1,003 million (representing $780 million net of income tax or $0.50 per share decrease in diluted EPS), respectively. The higher amortization expense in 2025 included the reacquired rights recorded as other intangible assets, net following the reacquisition of IQOS commercialization rights in the U.S. from Altria Group, Inc., effective in May 2024. For further details, see Item 8, Note 4. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net . Loss on sale of Vectura Group In September 2024, we announced the execution of a definitive agreement to sell Vectura to Molex Asia Holdings Ltd. On December 31, 2024, we completed the sale. The sale resulted in a pre-tax loss of $199 million (representing $206 million including income tax or a diluted EPS charge of $0.13 per share). This pre-tax loss was recorded in marketing, administration and research costs in PMI s consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024, and was included in the Europe segment results. For further details, see Item 8, Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures . Egypt sales tax charge In the third quarter of 2024, following a ruling issued by the Higher Administrative Court in Egypt and subsequent evaluation of available remedies, we concluded that an adverse outcome was probable and recorded a pre-tax charge of $45 million (representing $39 million net of income tax and a diluted EPS charge of $0.03 per share) in relation to tax assessments for general sales tax deducted on imported cutfiller for the years 2014 to 2016. This pre-tax charge was recorded in marketing, administration and research costs in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024, and was included in the SSEA, CIS MEA segment results. Megapolis localization tax impact PMI holds a 23% equity interest in JSC TK Megapolis ("TKM"), PMI's distributor in Russia (SSEA, CIS MEA segment). In June 2024, the Russian government included TKM in the list of economically significant organizations that may be subject to forced localization under applicable Russian law, which referred to the mandatory removal of a foreign holding company from the shareholding structure. On August 8, 2024, the Arbitrazh Court of the Moscow Region granted the forced localization of Megapolis Distribution B.V. ("MDBV") as requested by the Ministry of Industry and Trade on July 18, 2024. As a result, MDBV s shares in TKM were transferred to TKM and subsequently transferred to the Russian subsidiaries of its indirect shareholders during the fourth quarter of 2024. As a result of the transfer of shares, PMI recorded a tax charge of $77 million (representing a diluted EPS charge of $0.05 per share). This charge primarily reflected additional deferred withholding taxes related to the TKM pre-localization earnings and other adjustments of accumulated earnings of the Russian subsidiary. For further details, see Item 8, Note 5. Related Parties - Equity Investments and Other . 28 Germany excise tax classification litigation charge In August 2024, the German Main Custom Office ( MCO ) notified Philip Morris (Germany) GmbH ( PM Germany ) of its decision to classify TEREA consumables as a cigarette for excise tax purposes with the associated tax assessment totaling EUR 151 million (approximately $176 million) covering the period of February 15, 2023, through August 1, 2024. In April 2025, PM Germany paid the outstanding amount, which was recorded in Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets, while it challenged the MCO s decision in court. On September 17, 2025, PM Germany filed a request to withdraw the proceedings. As a result, the tax assessment amount of $176 million (representing $150 million net of income tax and a diluted EPS charge of $0.10 per share) was recorded as a pre-tax charge in marketing, administration and research costs in the consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025, and was included in the Europe segment results. RBH (Canada) Plan implementation, including dividend income, net On August 29, 2025, the plan of compromise and arrangement (the Plan ) setting forth the terms of a resolution of Canadian tobacco claims and related litigation became effective. In the third quarter of 2025, we recorded after-tax income of $156 million ($0.10 per share increase in diluted EPS) following the Plan implementation, including $303 million of dividend income net of the corresponding decrease in the carrying value of the RBH investment, $19 million of other income and the related income tax charge of $166 million. For further details regarding the Plan, see Item 8, Note 5. Related Parties - Equity Investments and Other, and Note 10. Income Taxes . Impairment of Wellness business related equity investment In the third quarter of 2025, PMI recorded a non-cash after-tax charge of $146 million (representing a diluted EPS charge of $0.09 per share), primarily representing an other-than-temporary impairment of one equity method investment within the Wellness business following a reassessment of its estimated fair value triggered by the amendment of existing investment agreements in the third quarter of 2025. The impairment charge was recorded in equity investments and securities (income)/loss, net in the consolidated statements of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025. For further details, see Item 8, Note 5. Related Parties - Equity Investments and Other . Loss on expected sale of consumer accessories and other businesses During the fourth quarter of 2025, PMI completed the sale of one business and classified as held-for-sale net assets of certain other businesses (disposal group), primarily related to its consumer accessories products acquired as part of the Swedish Match AB acquisition in 2022. As a result, PMI recorded a pre-tax loss of $94 million (representing a diluted EPS charge of $0.06 per share). The loss on sale was recorded in marketing, administration and research costs in the Europe segment in PMI s consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025. For further details, see Item 8, Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures . Income taxes The Income tax impact associated with Swedish Match AB financing that decreased our 2024 diluted EPS by $0.14 per share and increased our 2025 diluted EPS by $0.25 per share in the table above was due to a deferred tax impact for unrealized foreign currency gains and losses on intercompany loans related to the Swedish Match acquisition financing reflected in the consolidated statements of earnings, while the underlying pre-tax foreign currency movements fully offset in the consolidated statements of earnings and were reflected as currency translation adjustments in the consolidated statements of stockholders' (deficit) equity. The 2024 tax items that increased our 2024 diluted EPS by $0.03 per share in the table above were due to a U.S. tax benefit for a worthless stock deduction under section 165(g) of the Internal Revenue Code related to PMI s investment in C.A. Tabacalera Nacional, a wholly owned foreign corporation incorporated in Venezuela. The 2025 tax items that increased our 2025 diluted EPS by $0.11 per share in the table above were due to benefits related to an interest expense election primarily driven by a reduction in prior year tax costs associated with global intangible low-taxed income and refunds expected on amended tax returns filed in Germany; partially offset by valuation allowances recorded on deferred tax assets related to U.S. foreign tax credits and the recognition of current tax expense related to the potential disallowance of deductions for certain intercompany transactions in Indonesia. For further details, see Item 8, Note 10. Income Taxes. The change in the tax rate that decreased our diluted EPS by $0.01 per share in the table above was primarily due to changes in earnings mix by taxing jurisdiction. Currency The favorable impact of $0.04 per share during the reporting period primarily results from the fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, especially against the Argentine peso, Egyptian pound, Euro, and Polish zloty, partly offset by the Russian ruble and Swiss franc. This favorable currency movement has impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases. 29 Interest The favorable impact of $0.09 per share from interest in the table above was primarily due to the impact of lower market interest rates on our variable-rate debt, as well as the favorable impact of derivative financial instruments. Operations The increase in diluted EPS of $0.85 per share from our operations in the table above was due primarily to the following segments: SSEA, CIS MEA: Favorable pricing and higher cigarette and SFP volume, partly offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs, and higher manufacturing costs; Europe: Favorable pricing and favorable volume/mix, partly offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs; and EA, AU PMI GTR: Favorable volume/mix and a favorable pricing variance; partly offset by Americas: Higher marketing, administration and research costs, higher manufacturing costs and an unfavorable pricing variance, partly offset by favorable volume/mix. For further details, see the Consolidated Operating Results and Operating Results by Business Segment sections of the following Discussion and Analysis . Discussion and Analysis Critical Accounting Estimates Item 8, Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements includes a summary of the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. In most instances, we must use a particular accounting policy or method because it is the only one that is permitted under U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements requires that we use estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of our assets, liabilities, net revenues and expenses, as well as our disclosure of contingencies. If actual amounts differ from previous estimates, we include the revisions in our consolidated results of operations in the period during which we know the actual amounts. Historically, aggregate differences, if any, between our estimates and actual amounts in any year have not had a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. The selection and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates have been discussed with our Audit Risk Committee. The following is a discussion of the more significant assumptions, estimates, accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: Acquisitions - PMI accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. PMI allocates the purchase price of an acquired business to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the acquisition date with the excess recorded as Goodwill. The fair value of the applicable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is determined through established valuation techniques, such as the income, cost or market approach. PMI may utilize third-party valuation experts to assist in the fair value determination of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The determination of fair value requires management to make judgments and may involve the use of significant estimates, including assumptions with respect to estimated projected revenue growth, future cash flows, terminal growth rates, useful economic lives of intangible assets acquired, discount rates, royalty rates and other factors. Certain acquired intangibles are expected to have indefinite lives based on their history and PMI s intent to continue to support and build the intangible. Although PMI believes its estimates of fair value are reasonable, actual financial results could differ from those estimates. Changes in assumptions related to future financial results or other underlying assumptions could have a significant impact on the determination of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired. See Item 8, Note 3. Acquisitions and Divestitures to our consolidated financial statements for details of the critical accounting estimates relevant to the business combinations in the periods presented in this Form 10-K. Revenue Recognition - We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied. Our primary performance obligation is the distribution and sales of cigarettes and smoke-free products, including heat-not-burn, e-vapor and oral nicotine products. Our 30 performance obligations are typically satisfied upon shipment or delivery to our customers. PMI estimates the cost of sales returns based on historical experience, and these estimates are immaterial. Estimated costs associated with warranty programs for IQOS devices are generally provided for in cost of sales in the period the related revenues are recognized, based on a number of factors, including historical experience, product failure rates and warranty policies and are immaterial. The transaction price is typically based on the amount billed to the customer and includes estimated variable consideration where applicable. Such variable consideration is typically not constrained and is estimated based on the most likely amount that PMI expects to be entitled to under the terms of the contracts with customers, historical experience of discount or rebate redemption, where relevant, and the terms of any underlying discount or rebate programs, which may change from time to time as the business and product categories evolve. Goodwill and Non-Amortizable Intangible Assets Valuation - We test goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets for impairment annually or more frequently if events occur that would warrant such review, using either a qualitative or quantitative assessment for each of our reporting units and non-amortizable intangible assets. Where a qualitative assessment is followed, we determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment exists based on qualitative factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environment, historical financial performance and significant changes impacting the reporting unit and the non-amortizable intangible assets. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed. The quantitative impairment analysis involves comparing the fair value of each reporting unit or non-amortizable intangible asset to the carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the fair value, goodwill or a non-amortizable intangible asset is considered impaired. To determine the fair value of a reporting unit, we use the market approach using earnings multiples of comparable global companies within the tobacco industry and a discounted cash flow model. To determine the fair value of non-amortizable intangible assets, we primarily use a discounted cash flow model applying the relief-from-royalty method. These discounted cash flow models include management assumptions relevant for forecasting operating cash flows, which are subject to changes in business conditions, such as volumes and prices, costs to produce, discount rates and estimated capital needs. Management considers historical experience and all available information at the time the fair values are estimated, and we believe these assumptions are consistent with the assumptions a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. As discussed in Item 8, Note 4. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net , PMI recorded impairment losses related to goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets during the second quarter of 2025 and 2023, where certain reporting units and non-amortizable intangible assets were written down to their respective fair values as of the date of the annual impairment review. During 2024, PMI s annual impairment review of goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets resulted in no impairment charges. At December 31, 2025, the carrying value of our goodwill was $17.3 billion. The estimated fair value of each of our eleven reporting units, excluding the held-for-sale businesses, and non-amortizable intangible assets exceeded the carrying value as of December 31, 2025. All assumptions used in the impairment assessments for goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets are based on the best available market information and are consistent with PMI s internal forecasts and operating plans. A deterioration in these assumptions could adversely impact our results. Investment in non-marketable equity securities For further details, see Item 8, Note 5. Related Parties Equity Investments and Other to our consolidated financial statements Marketing Costs - We incur certain costs to support our products through programs that include advertising, marketing, consumer engagement and trade promotions. The costs of our advertising and marketing programs are expensed in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reco