=== ALLE_2026-04-17.htm.gz ===
Allegion plc false 0001579241 DEF 14A Allegion plc 0001579241 alle:MrStoneMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 alle:MrStoneMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001579241 alle:MrStoneMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001579241 alle:MrStoneMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001579241 alle:MrPetratisMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001579241 alle:MrPetratisMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001579241 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001579241 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001579241 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001579241 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001579241 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember alle:MrStoneMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember alle:MrStoneMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember alle:MrStoneMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember alle:MrStoneMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember alle:MrStoneMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001579241 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Allegion Public Limited Company (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents NOTICE OF 2026 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Dear Fellow Shareholders: We are pleased to invite you to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Allegion plc. Details for the meeting, including the proposals to be considered and voted upon by our shareholders, are as follows: When June 4, 2026, at 4:30 p.m., local time Location The Shelbourne, 27 St. Stephen s Green, Dublin 2, Ireland Record Date Only shareholders of record as of the close of business on April 9, 2026, are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual General Meeting. Items of Business: Board s Vote Recommendations 1. Elect the eight director nominees named in the proxy statement. FOR ALL 2. Approve the compensation of our named executive officers on an advisory (non-binding) basis. FOR 3. To determine, by an advisory (non-binding) vote, whether an advisory shareholder vote to approve the compensation of the Company s named executive officers should occur every one, two or three years. ONE YEAR 4. Ratify the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm and authorize the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors to set the independent registered public accounting firm s remuneration for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. FOR Annual Irish Law Proposals 5. Renew the Board of Directors authority to issue shares under Irish law. FOR 6. Renew the Board of Directors authority to issue shares for cash without first offering shares to existing shareholders (Special Resolution under Irish law). FOR Conduct such other business properly brought before the meeting (including any adjournments, postponements or continuations thereof). Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual General Meeting, please vote your shares as soon as possible over the Internet or telephone (using the control number on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy card or voting instruction form), or by completing, signing, dating and mailing your proxy card or voting instruction form. Table of Contents Online By Mail By Phone In Person Visit www.proxyvote.com Return your proxy card or voting instruction form Call 1-800-690-6903 Attend the meeting If you are a beneficial owner of shares held in street name through a bank or broker, please refer to the voting instruction form sent to you by your bank or broker to see what voting methods are available to you. By Order of the Board of Directors, Tandra M. Foster Corporate Secretary If you are a shareholder of record who is entitled to attend and vote, then you are entitled, using the form provided (or the form in Section 184 of the Companies Act 2014), to appoint a proxy or proxies to attend the Annual General Meeting and vote on your behalf. Any proxy is not required to be a shareholder of the Company. If you wish to appoint as proxy any person(s) other than the individuals specified on the proxy card provided, please contact the Corporate Secretary at our registered office. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 4, 2026: The Proxy Statement and Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com. Registered Office Address: Unit No. 233, The Capel Building, Mary s Abbey Dublin 7, D07 X324, Ireland Company No. 527370 U.S. Mailing Address: c/o Schlage Lock Company LLC 11819 N. Pennsylvania Street Carmel, Indiana 46032, U.S.A. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS VOTING ROADMAP AND PROXY HIGHLIGHTS i Proposal 1. Annual Election of Directors 2 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 14 Corporate Governance Guidelines and Practices 14 Director Independence 20 Shareholder Outreach and Engagement 20 Communication with Directors 22 Code of Conduct 22 Related Person Transactions 22 Anti-Hedging/Anti-Pledging Policy and Other Restrictions 23 Committees of the Board 23 CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS 30 Corporate Citizenship 32 COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 34 Proposal 2. Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 37 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CD A) 38 Executive Summary 38 Compensation Philosophy and Design Principles 41 How We Make Compensation Decisions 42 2025 Compensation Decisions 46 2025 Annual and Long-Term Incentive Plan Designs and Payouts 47 2026 Target Total Direct Compensation 55 Additional Information Regarding Executive Compensation Programs 56 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 59 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 60 2025 Summary Compensation Table 60 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 62 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Year End 63 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 64 2025 Pension Benefits 64 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 66 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change-in-Control at 2025 Year End 68 CEO Pay Ratio 71 Pay Versus Performance 72 2025 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 76 Proposal 3. Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Holding a Say-on-Pay Vote 78 Proposal 4. Approval of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Authorization to Set Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Remuneration for Fiscal 2026 80 Audit and Finance Committee Report 80 Fees of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 81 Annual Irish Law Proposals 83 Proposal 5. Renewal of the Board s Authority to Issue Shares under Irish Law 84 Proposal 6. Authorize the Board of Directors to Opt Out of Statutory Preemptive Rights under Irish Law (Special Resolution under Irish Law) 85 INFORMATION CONCERNING VOTING AND SOLICITATION 87 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 90 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS AND NOMINATIONS 92 HOUSEHOLDING 93 GLOSSARY OF TERMS 94 APPENDIX A - RECONCILIATIONS OF GAAP AND NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES A- 1 Table of Contents VOTING ROADMAP 1 Annual Election of Directors 4 Ratification of the Appointment of PwC The Board of Directors and the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee believe the eight director nominees possess the necessary qualifications and experience to provide guidance to the Company s management and effectively oversee the business and long-term interests of shareholders. The Board of Directors and the Audit and Finance Committee believe the retention of PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) as the Company s independent public registered accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026, is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Shareholders are being asked to ratify the Company s selection of PwC and to authorize the Audit and Finance Committee to set the independent registered public accounting firm s remuneration for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. The Board recommends a vote FOR each director nominee The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal See page 2 for further information See page 80 for further information 2-3 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation and Vote on Say-on-Pay Frequency 5-6 Annual Irish Law Proposals 2. The Company is seeking a non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of its Named Executive Officers. The Compensation Discussion and Analysis begins on page 38 and the 2025 Summary Compensation Table begins on page 60. 3. The Company is seeking a non-binding advisory vote to determine whether a non-binding advisory shareholder vote to approve the compensation of its Named Executive Officers should occur every one, two or three years. 5. The Company is seeking to renew the Board of Directors Authority to Issue Shares under Irish Law. 6. The Company is seeking to renew the Board of Directors Authority to Issue Shares for Cash Without First Offering Shares to Existing Shareholders (Special Resolution under Irish Law). The Board recommends a vote FOR proposal 2 and ONE YEAR for proposal 3 The Board recommends a vote FOR these two proposals See pages 37 and 78 , respectively, for further information regarding these two proposals See pages 84 and 85 , respectively, for further information regarding these two proposals The Board of Directors (the Board or Board of Directors ) of Allegion plc (the Company, we, us or our ) is soliciting your proxy to vote at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders ( AGM, the Annual General Meeting or the meeting ), and any adjournments, postponements or continuations thereof. This proxy statement ( Proxy Statement ) and the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form, or the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, are first being mailed or otherwise furnished on or about April 17, 2026, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on April 9, 2026 (the Record Date ). i Table of Contents PROXY HIGHLIGHTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS We are committed to good corporate governance practices that promote the long-term interests of our shareholders, stakeholders, customers, suppliers, employees and communities in which we operate, strengthen the Board and management accountability, and help build public trust. We continue to monitor emerging best practices in corporate governance and adopt measures as appropriate. The following is a summary of some of our corporate governance practices. Board Composition, Independence and Participation Seven of the eight director nominees are independent under New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) listing standards and the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Chair of the Board is independent, and the roles of Chair of the Board and CEO are separate and held by different individuals. All members of the Board s three committees, the Audit and Finance Committee, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, and the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee (each, a Committee and collectively, the Committees ), are independent. Term limit (10 years) is in place for non-employee directors, unless waived by the Board. Non-employee directors may not serve on the board of more than three other public companies. Further, non-employee directors who serve as an executive officer of a public company may not serve on the board of more than one other public company. No member of the Audit and Finance Committee may serve on more than three other public company audit committees. Six of the eight (75%) director nominees are women and/or racially/ethnically diverse; we have a woman serving as Chair of the Board, and a diverse director chairs each of our three Board Committees. The Board has a good balance of new and experienced directors, with the tenure of continuing directors averaging 4.6 years* as compared to the S P 500 average of 7.8 years. Average age of director nominees is 62 years*, compared to the S P 500 average of 63.6 years. Each of the Committees has the authority to hire independent experts and consultants, as needed. Each of the director nominees attended at least 89% of the Board meetings and 80% of the Committee meetings during the time that he or she served during 2025. Independent directors have full access to management and other employees. * Average measured as of the date of the 2026 AGM. ii Table of Contents Board Conduct and Oversight Our Code of Conduct applies to all directors, officers and employees. The Board spends the majority of its time reviewing and engaging on strategic matters. The Board has oversight of risk management, including information technology, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, privacy, disruptive technology and other top enterprise risks, and receives regular briefings from management on such matters. The Board, either directly or through its Committees, has oversight of corporate sustainability and environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) initiatives, including strategies, goals, performance and reporting. Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our executive officers and directors from holding our securities in a margin account or pledging our securities as collateral for a loan. The Board and each of the Committees conduct self-assessments of their performance and effectiveness annually. Board and Committee self-assessments include one-on-one interviews with the Chair and each director to ensure thoughtful, candid feedback. Executive sessions of independent directors, chaired by the independent Chair of the Board or the Chair of the respective Committee, are generally held at each of the Board and Committee meetings. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and all Committee Charters are reviewed by the Board at least annually. Emerging topics and developments in corporate governance best practices are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Succession planning is conducted at all levels, including for the Board, CEO and senior management. The Board monitors relations with shareholders, stakeholders, customers, suppliers, employees and communities in which we operate. All Board members have access to and full support for continuing education training. iii Table of Contents OUR DIRECTOR NOMINEES Set forth below is summary information about each director nominee. Committee Memberships Nominee Age* Director Since Principal Occupation Independent Tenure** Gender Race Susan L. Main 67 2023 Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated C 2.7 Female White Steven C. Mizell 66 2020 Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Merck Co., Inc. C 6.3 Male Black / African American Nicole Parent Haughey 54 2017 Former Chief Operating Officer of Island Creek Oysters 8.8 Female White Lauren B. Peters 64 2021 Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Foot Locker, Inc. C 4.9 Female White Ellen Rubin 57 2023 Former CEO of Causely, Inc. 3.2 Female White Gregg C. Sengstack 67 2024 Former Executive Chairperson of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. 1.5 Male White John H. Stone 55 2022 President and Chief Executive Officer of Allegion plc 3.9 Male White Dev Vardhan 66 2020 Former Senior Partner of McKinsey Company 5.6 Male Asian Audit and Finance Committee Compensation and Human Capital Committee Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee C Chair * Age calculated as of April 1, 2026 ** Calculated through the 2026 AGM meeting date iv Table of Contents ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE We are committed to conducting business in a safe, environmentally responsible and sustainable manner, in compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety ( EHS ) laws and regulations and in a manner that helps promote and protect the health and safety of our environment. This commitment is congruent with our Company values including: Be safe, be healthy , Do the right thing and Be empowered and accountable . These values are a way of life at Allegion and guide how we conduct our business. Highlights of our ESG efforts are discussed in the Corporate Sustainability Highlights section starting on page 30 of this Proxy Statement. Additional information about our corporate sustainability efforts, policies, goals and key achievements, including our EEO-1 report containing the Company s most recent year s demographic data, are available on our website at www.allegion.com under the heading, ESG. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, the Company s websites is not incorporated by reference into, and is not part of, this Proxy Statement. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Our executive compensation program is designed to create a pay-for-performance culture by aligning the compensation program to the achievement of our strategic objectives and with shareholder interests. Our long-term business strategy is built on four strategic growth pillars: (i) build on our legacy; (ii) be the partner of choice; (iii) deliver and capture recurring value; and (iv) operate with excellence. The primary objectives of our executive compensation program are to: Create and reinforce our pay-for-performance culture; Align the interests of management with our shareholders; Attract, retain and motivate executive talent by providing competitive levels of salary and targeted total pay; Provide incentive compensation that promotes desired behavior without encouraging unnecessary and excessive risk; and Integrate with our performance management process of goal setting and formal evaluation. v Table of Contents Practices we DO have Practices we DON T have Incentive award metrics that align pay to strategic business performance measures Directors and executives must comply with robust share ownership requirements, with all directors and executives in compliance, or on track to achieve compliance, with these obligations Maintain enhanced incentive compensation clawback / recoupment policies Severance benefits triggered only upon a qualifying termination following a change-in-control Significant percentage of executive compensation target opportunity is contingent on performance measured against pre-established performance goals Conduct competitive benchmarking to ensure executive pay is aligned to market Independent compensation consultant is retained by and reports to the Compensation and Human Capital Committee Annual Say-on-Pay vote by shareholders Repricing of options without shareholder approval Hedging or pledging transactions, speculative transactions or short sales by executive officers or directors Automatic single-trigger equity vesting upon a change in control Excessive perquisites Excessive severance benefits or other non-performance-based compensation Employment agreements with defined term lengths Uncapped incentive compensation opportunities Tax gross-ups under change-in-control agreements Pay for Performance Our executive compensation program is market competitive for target total direct compensation, aligned with our peer group median and designed to result in greater variance in actual total compensation based on the Company s performance. A significant percentage of our executives total direct compensation is in the form of performance-based compensation over short- and long-term time horizons, such as annual cash incentives, Performance Stock Units ( PSUs ) and other equity awards that vest over three years. Our annual incentive plan ( AIP ) is designed to incentivize financial performance, including profitable revenue growth and the delivery of strong cash flow, and the PSUs granted under our long-term incentive plan align our executives with shareholder interest by rewarding value creation over the long term. Overall, 2025 was marked by high-single digit enterprise revenue growth, accretive capital deployment and strong cash generation. Our financial highlights for fiscal year 2025 included: Net revenues of $4,067.3 million (an increase of 7.8% compared to fiscal year 2024); Operating income of $859.5 million (an increase of 10.1% compared to fiscal year 2024); adjusted operating income of $944 million (an increase of 9.7% compared to fiscal year 2024); Available cash flow of $685.7 million (an increase of 17.6% compared to fiscal year 2024); EPS of $7.44 (an increase of 9.1% compared to fiscal year 2024); adjusted EPS of $8.14 (an increase of 8.1% compared to fiscal year 2024); and Total Shareholder Return ( TSR ) of 52.73% for the 2023-2025 performance period, which fell into the 50th percentile of the S P 400 Capital Goods Index. vi Table of Contents Allegion s strong performance resulted in a payout of 131.31% under the AIP (subject to region- and individual-specific performance) and a PSU payout of 125% for the 2023-2025 performance period. These payouts were based on pre-established goals approved by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee under each plan and are discussed further in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) section of this Proxy Statement. Adjusted operating income and adjusted EPS are financial measures not calculated in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). Please see Appendix A of this Proxy Statement for additional details and definitions regarding these financial measures. For information regarding the Compensation and Human Capital Committee s actions with respect to our AIP and long-term incentive ( LTI ) plan design and payouts, please see 2025 Annual and Long-Term Incentive Plan Designs and Payouts in the CD A. ADVISORY VOTE ON THE COMPENSATION OF THE COMPANY S NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS At the AGM, our shareholders will vote, on a non-binding advisory basis, on the compensation of our NEOs as disclosed in this Proxy Statement. While the vote is advisory in nature, our Compensation and Human Capital Committee intends to carefully consider the shareholder voting results for this proposal as it evaluates the Company s compensation plans and compensation philosophy in future years. Before considering this proposal, please read the CD A and the other Executive Compensation sections of this Proxy Statement for a thorough discussion of our executive compensation program and our executive compensation philosophy. 2027 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Deadline for receipt of written notice of shareholder proposals to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement for the 2027 AGM: December 18, 2026 Deadline for receipt of written notice of proposals and nominations for director to be properly brought before the 2027 AGM (but not included in the proxy statement): March 5, 2027 Any nomination or other proposal must also meet the other requirements of our Articles of Association, Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and other applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules relating to shareholder proposals. In addition to satisfying the requirements under our Articles of Association, to comply with the SEC s universal proxy rules, shareholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Board s nominees must also comply with the additional requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. vii Table of Contents Table of Contents 1 Annual Election of Directors The Board, upon recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, has nominated the following eight individuals to the Board for a one-year term. If elected, each director nominee will hold office until the 2027 AGM and until their successor is elected and qualified. Lauren B. Peters (Non-Executive Chair) Ellen Rubin Susan L. Main Gregg C. Sengstack Steven C. Mizell John H. Stone (President and CEO) Nicole Parent Haughey Dev Vardhan The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR each nominee. Each director nominee was elected by the shareholders at the 2025 AGM. All director nominees were determined to be independent under NYSE listing standards and the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, except for John H. Stone (our President and CEO). The size of the Board is currently set at eight directors. Each director nominee has agreed to stand for election and has agreed to serve if elected. We currently have no reason to believe that any of the nominees would be unable or unwilling to serve if elected. However, if before the AGM any director nominee becomes unable to serve, or chooses not to serve, the Board may nominate another individual as a substitute. If that happens, the persons named as proxies in the proxy card will vote for the substitute. Alternatively, the Board may either let the vacancy stay unfilled until an appropriate candidate is identified or reduce the size of the Board to eliminate the vacancy. If a director is not re-elected in a director election, the director must retire at the end of the AGM. Vote required: Affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote as abstentions and broker non-votes are not counted as a vote cast. 2 Table of Contents BOARD EXPERTISE AND SKILLS The Board and the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee believe that all director nominees should exhibit certain general qualifications such as having the highest professional and personal ethics consistent with Allegion s Code of Conduct, demonstrating innovative thinking, a commitment to building shareholder value and sufficient time to effectively carry out the duties as director. In addition, the Board should possess a varied and balanced mix of skills, business and leadership experience, broad experience and viewpoints that are aligned with the Company s long-term business strategy, as well as current and expected future business needs. The table below and the biographies that appear later in this Proxy Statement summarize how these qualifications and experiences are linked to our Company s core business needs and priorities. If any individual director nominee is not listed as having a particular attribute, it does not signify his or her lack of ability to contribute in that area. Knowledge and Skills Global Business / International The Company has more than 13,000 full-time global employees and sells its leading solutions across the world. Growing sales and operating in international markets support the Company s strategy. Innovation / Technology Directors with expertise in disruptive technologies and combining software solutions with leading-edge physical products are critical to the Company s strategy. Industrial / Manufacturing The Company is a leading global provider of security and access products and solutions. Directors with industrial and manufacturing experience enable a better understanding of the Company s businesses and production capabilities. Capital Allocation Success of the Company s strategy is tied to its effective deployment of capital. Directors with broad P L and operational experiences support this. Strategy / M A Experience in business development and M A provides the Board insight into developing and implementing strategies for growing our Company. Human Capital Management Experience in senior executive development, succession planning and compensation matters helps the Board effectively oversee the Company s efforts to recruit, retain and develop key talent. Experience Business Leadership / Operations Experience serving as CEO or a senior executive as well as hands-on leadership experience in core management areas of operations are important qualifications for our directors. Financial Services / Financial Expertise The Company believes having a deep understanding of finance, financial services and financial reporting is important to help guide the Company in building long-term shareholder value. Boards of Other Public Companies Service on the boards and committees of other public companies is valuable for director nominees and directors, as these experiences can help them identify trends and best practices around corporate governance, enterprise risk, board-management engagement and innovative thinking. 3 Table of Contents Susan L. Main Steven C. Mizell Nicole Parent Haughey Lauren B. Peters Ellen Rubin Gregg C. Sengstack John H. Stone Dev Vardhan Knowledge and Skills Global Business / International Innovation / Technology Industrial / Manufacturing Capital Allocation Strategy / M A Human Capital Management Experience Senior Leadership Position (most senior position held) CFO CHRO Managing Partner / COO CFO Founder / CEO Chair / CEO CEO / President Sr. Partner CEO / Business Head Business Leadership / Operations Financial Services / Financial Expertise * * Boards of Other Public Companies Biographical Data Independent Tenure ** 2.7 6.3 8.8 4.9 3.2 1.5 3.9 5.6 Age *** 67 66 54 64 57 67 55 66 Gender Female Male Female Female Female Male Male Male Race / Ethnicity White Black / African American White White White White White Asian * Designated as an SEC Audit Committee Financial Expert ** Calculated through the 2026 AGM meeting date *** Age calculated as of April 1, 2026 4 Table of Contents 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES SUSAN L. MAIN Retired Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Teledyne Technologies | 67 Director since: 2023 Audit and Finance Committee Chair since: 2024 Audit Committee Financial Expert Other Current Public Company Directorships: Ashland, Inc. (NYSE: ASH) Prior Public Company Directorships: Garrett Motion Inc. (NASDAQ: GTX) Knowledge, Skills Experience: Global Business / International Innovation / Technology Industrial / Manufacturing Capital Allocation Strategy / M A Human Capital Management Business Leadership / Operations Financial Services / Expertise Boards of other Public Companies Background Teledyne Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: TDY) , a global provider of enabling technologies for industrial growth markets. Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer (2012-2023); Vice President Controller (2004-2012) WaterPik Technologies, Inc., a provider of swimming pool electronics and equipment, residential and commercial water heating systems, and personal healthcare products. Vice President Controller (1999-2004) Key Expertise Supporting Nomination Ms. Main has extensive experience as a C-Level executive in an organization with operations in multiple continents and more than 10,000 global employees. She served as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and a senior leader for a diversified high-tech manufacturing corporation, and in senior leadership roles in aerospace, defense and healthcare products. She is an audit committee financial expert, with more than 10 years of experience as a public company CFO, who has also previously served as a controller for two public companies. In total, she has four decades of financial responsibility for multiple public companies. Her extensive experience also includes over two decades of M A transactions, serving as financial lead in more than 50 acquisitions. She additionally oversaw IT / enterprise resource planning integration of acquired companies. Ms. Main s experiences across business leadership, M A and operations, financial expertise and capital allocation for global companies and diverse industries drive value for the Allegion Board. 5 Table of Contents STEVEN C. MIZELL Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, Merck Co., Inc. | 66 Director since: 2020 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Chair since: 2021 Other Current Public Company Directorships: Group 1 Automotive, Inc. (NYSE: GPI) GRAIL, Inc. (NASDAQ: GRAL) Prior Public Company Directorships: Oshkosh Corporation (NYSE: OSK) Knowledge, Skills Experience: Global Business / International Innovation / Technology Industrial / Manufacturing Strategy / M A Human Capital Management Business Leadership / Operations Boards of other Public Companies Background Merck Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) , a global pharmaceutical company. Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer (2018-2024) The Monsanto Company (NYSE: MON) , an agrochemical and agricultural biotechnology company. Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer (2007-2018) Key Expertise Supporting Nomination Mr. Mizell had responsibility for all aspects of human resources for more than 68,000 global employees at Merck Co., Inc. prior to his retirement in April 2024. He also served as Monsanto s Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, overseeing the company s approach to talent acquisition and development, employee wellness and workplace culture. He has additionally served in key human resource management roles at industrial and manufacturing companies across beverage, defense, energy, pharmaceutical and technology sectors. Mr. Mizell is an experienced board member, and his broad business experience and global human resources leadership bring great perspective and value to the Allegion Board. 6 Table of Contents NICOLE PARENT HAUGHEY Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Halsey Loganberry Growth Advisors, LLC | 54 Director since: 2017 Other Current Public Company Directorships: Xponential Fitness, Inc. (NYSE: XPOF) Prior Public Company Directorships: Altra Industrial Motion Corp. (formerly NASDAQ: AIMC) Knowledge, Skills Experience: Innovation / Technology Industrial / Manufacturing Capital Allocation Strategy / M A Human Capital Management Business Leadership / Operations Financial Services / Expertise Boards of other Public Companies Background Halsey Loganberry Growth Advisors, LLC , an advisory firm specializing in growth strategies, business optimization and succession planning. Founder and Chief Executive Officer (2023-present) Island Creek Oysters , a private aquaculture company with a business portfolio spanning B2C and B2B operations as well as a cannery, shellfish farm and several restaurants. Chief Operating Officer (2020-2021) Mimeo.com , a technology company in printed and digital content management and distribution. Chief Operating Officer (2016-2018) United Technologies Company , a global manufacturing company. Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Business Development (2013-2015) Vertical Research Partners, LLC , an equity research and consulting firm. Managing Partner and Co-Founder (2009-2013) Credit Suisse , a global financial services company. Managing Director and Global Sector Head (2005-2009) Key Expertise Supporting Nomination Ms. Parent Haughey has wide-ranging operational experience, spanning Vice President (VP), Corporate Strategy and Business Development, for a Fortune 50 manufacturing company; Chief Operating Officer (COO) for a growing, aquaculture business and a technology company; and founder of an equity research and consulting firm. She has robust experience in shaping M A and driving strategy for a large global manufacturing company and a technology company. Her understanding of strategic planning, capital allocation and acquisitions benefits the Board as it oversees Allegion s long-term growth strategy. She has significant knowledge regarding the investment community and financial markets, based on nearly two decades as an equity research analyst in the industrial sector. Given the technological shift from printed documents to digital content, Ms. Parent Haughey s experience within the content management and distribution space was predicated on finding innovative solutions without sacrificing security or end user experience. Ms. Parent Haughey s experience as a former COO, VP, Corporate Strategy, and managing partner of an equity research firm in addition to her involvement on non-profit and University boards bring significant leadership expertise to the Allegion Board. 7 Table of Contents LAUREN B. PETERS Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Foot Locker, Inc. | 64 Non-Executive Chair since: 2024 Director since: 2021 Audit and Finance Committee Chair: 2022-2024 Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Chair since : 2024 Audit Committee Financial Expert Other Current Public Company Directorships: La-Z-Boy Incorporated (NYSE: LZB) Victoria s Secret Co. (NYSE: VSCO) Knowledge, Skills Experience: Global Business / International Innovation / Technology Capital Allocation Strategy / M A Human Capital Management Business Leadership / Operations Financial Services / Expertise Boards of other Public Companies Background Foot Locker, Inc. (NYSE: FL) , a global sportswear and footwear retailer. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2011-2021); Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning (2002-2011); Vice President Planning (2000-2002) Key Expertise Supporting Nomination Ms. Peters experience as former Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Foot Locker, Inc., as well as board member of multiple public companies, brings a deep expertise in positioning global, publicly held companies for growth. In addition, she brings insight and best practices from her two other public company boards. She held a nearly 25-year career at Foot Locker, which included building a world-class finance organization and serving as an integral part of the executive leadership team with responsibility for financial planning and analysis, risk management and investor relations. She has a strong track record of expanding profits and implementing innovative solutions and technologies to enhance and streamline processes. She also helped Foot Locker navigate the retail industry transformation and position the company through digital technologies and e-commerce to be at the center of youth culture. During her career, she was one of only 64 women serving as CFOs at Fortune 500 companies. Ms. Peters is a Certified Public Accountant and, in November 2024, she received a Certificate in Cybersecurity Oversight from Carnegie Mellon University. With experience as a public company CFO for 10 years, she brings significant financial and accounting expertise to the Board. 8 Table of Contents ELLEN RUBIN Founder and Former Chief Executive Officer, Causely, Inc. | 57 Director since: 2023 Prior Public Company Directorships: Chase Corp (formerly NYSE: CCF) Knowledge, Skills Experience: Innovation / Technology Capital Allocation Strategy / M A Human Capital Management Business Leadership / Operations Boards of other Public Companies Background Glasswing Ventures , a venture capital firm investing in AI and frontier technologies. Operating Partner (November 2024-present) Causely, Inc. , an IT operations company. Founder and Chief Executive Officer (2022-September 2024) Amazon Web Services (a division of Amazon, NYSE: AMZN), a cloud services company. General Manager, Hybrid Cloud Services (2020-2021) ClearSky Data, Inc. , an enterprise hybrid cloud storage company. Founder and Chief Executive Officer (2014-2020) Key Expertise Supporting Nomination Ms. Rubin brings extensive entrepreneurial and leadership experience in the information technology (IT) industry. She has been recognized as one of the Top 10 Women in Cloud by CloudNow, as a Woman to Watch by Mass High Tech and Rising Star Entrepreneur by the New England Venture Capital Association. She has proven leadership and knowledge within the IT space, combined with unique experience serving as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) across multiple organizations that have introduced disruptive technologies to enterprise customers, which serves Allegion well as technology fuels our innovation and growth strategies. She has founded and led multiple software companies, as well as served as General Manager, Hybrid Cloud Services, Amazon Web Services. With this, she brings experience managing high-growth businesses as both an entrepreneur and top executive, including helping innovative companies grow through the entire business life cycle. Ms. Rubin is a serial founder and entrepreneur, who has built companies from concept stage through multiple rounds of funding and growth, with successful outcomes via an initial public offering and two acquisitions offering these very valuable experiences to the Allegion Board. Ms. Rubin has expertise in cybersecurity risk management from her operational experiences and as an investor. 9 Table of Contents GREGG C. SENGSTACK Former Executive Chairperson of Franklin Electric Co., Inc. | 67 Director since: 2024 Other Current Public Company Directorships: Franklin Electric Co., Inc. (NASDAQ: FELE) Mueller Water Products, Inc. (NYSE: MWA) Woodward, Inc. (NASDAQ: WWD) Knowledge, Skills Experience: Global Business / International Innovation / Technology Capital Allocation Strategy / M A Business Leadership / Operations Financial Services / Expertise Boards of other Public Companies Background Franklin Electric Co., Inc. , a global leader in the production and marketing of systems and components for the movement of water and energy. Executive Chairperson (2015-2025); Chief Executive Officer (2014-2024); President and Chief Operating Officer (2011-2014); Senior Vice President and President, International Water Fueling Group (2005-2011); Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (2001-2005); Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (1999-2001) Key Expertise Supporting Nomination Mr. Sengstack s professional career spans more than 30 years and includes extensive experience in public company executive leadership, international market development, general management, M A strategy and execution, P L leadership and finance. As Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Franklin Electric, Gregg led a strategic transformation, which included the rapid expansion of the company s energy systems business, forward integration into distribution in the U.S., portfolio extensions into the adjacent water treatment market and the introduction of connected solutions across a range of the company s products. He also led numerous acquisitions in the U.S. and abroad. With experience as CEO of a leading global industrial public company for 10 years, Mr. Sengstack brings significant leadership and strategy expertise to the Board. 10 Table of Contents JOHN H. STONE President and Chief Executive Officer, Allegion plc | 55 Director since: 2022 Other Current Public Company Directorships: Cummins Inc. (NYSE: CMI) Knowledge, Skills Experience: Global Business / International Innovation / Technology Industrial / Manufacturing Capital Allocation Strategy / M A Human Capital Management Business Leadership / Operations Boards of Other Public Companies Background Allegion plc. President and Chief Executive Officer (2022-present) Deere Company (NYSE: DE) , a global agricultural machinery and heavy equipment company. President, Worldwide Construction, Forestry and Power Systems (2020-2022); Senior Vice President, Intelligent Solutions Group (2016-2020) Key Expertise Supporting Nomination Mr. Stone has led Allegion as our President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) since July 2022, effectively using his proven ability to formulate and deliver operating and business process excellence. Previously, he served as President of Worldwide Construction, Forestry and Power Systems for Deere Company, which included leadership of significant global operations. He has a proven track record of driving innovation to adopt smarter, safer and more sustainable agricultural and construction solutions at Deere Company, including as Senior Vice President, Intelligent Solutions Group, responsible for designing and developing advanced technologies in robotics, machine learning and AI. He additionally has extensive experience in business development and growth strategy. As Allegion CEO, he oversaw the integration of our Stanley Access Technologies business in 2022. At Deere Company, he led key acquisitions and integrations in China. As Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Development at Deere Company, he helped develop and execute on growth strategy. Mr. Stone is a seasoned executive with senior leadership experiences in engineering, international business, manufacturing, M A, technology and human capital that is valuable to the Allegion Board. 11 Table of Contents DEV VARDHAN Retired Senior Partner, McKinsey Company | 66 Director since: 2020 Knowledge, Skills Experience: Global Business / International Innovation / Technology Strategy / M A Business Leadership / Operations Financial Services / Expertise Boards of other Public Companies Background McKinsey Company , global management consulting firm. Senior Partner (1993-2021) Key Expertise Supporting Nomination Mr. Vardhan has more than 25 years of experience advising and helping hundreds of companies, Chief Executive Officers and other executive leaders design and implement strategic organic and inorganic growth innovations, with a focus on digital and business transformations. His deep functional expertise in digital transformation and his broad background in supporting global organizations in manufacturing, supply-chain design, M A and innovation have many synergies with Allegion s business strategy. Mr. Vardhan s deep understanding of the intersection of global business, innovation and strategy bring great value and insights to the Allegion Board. 12 Table of Contents Board Composition and Leadership * Calculated through the 2026 AGM meeting date ** Age calculated as of April 1, 2026 13 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES AND PRACTICES Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, together with the charters of the three Board committees, provide a framework for our corporate governance. The following is a summary of our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our corporate governance practices. A copy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, as well as the charters of each of the Board s committees, are available on our website at www.allegion.com . Throughout this Proxy Statement, we may refer to additional information that is available on our websites. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our websites is not incorporated by reference into, and is not part of, this Proxy Statement. Board Role and Responsibilities The role of the Board is to oversee our management and governance, and to monitor management s performance. The Board delegates to the CEO, and through the CEO to other officers, the authority and responsibility for managing our business. The Board s core responsibilities include, among other things: Selecting individuals for Board members and evaluating the performance of the Board, each of its committees and individual directors; Selecting, monitoring, evaluating and compensating senior management; Selecting the CEO and assuring that management succession planning is adequate; Reviewing and approving significant corporate actions; Reviewing and monitoring implementation of management s strategic plans and capital allocation strategy; Reviewing and approving our annual operating plans and budgets; Monitoring corporate performance and evaluating results compared to relevant peers, our strategic plans and other long-range goals; Reviewing our financial controls and reporting systems; Reviewing and approving our financial statements and financial reporting; Overseeing our environmental, social and governance ( ESG ) initiatives, strategies, goals, performance and reporting; Overseeing our key programs, policies and strategies related to our management of human capital resources, including recruitment, development and retention of personnel, talent management and workplace culture; Reviewing the Company s ethical standards and legal compliance programs and procedures; Overseeing our management of enterprise risk, including IT, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, privacy, disruptive technology and other top enterprise risks, and receiving regular briefings from management on such matters; and Monitoring relations with shareholders, customers, suppliers, employees and communities in which we operate. 14 Table of Contents Board Leadership Structure The Board believes establishing the right leadership structure is one of its primary responsibilities and key to ensuring appropriate oversight of management and creating a strategic-asset Board. The right leadership structure may vary from time to time depending on the needs of the Company and the Board s assessment of the CEO. In evaluating its leadership structure, the Board considers a number of factors, including the CEO s tenure, experience and leadership, the Board and Committee processes and procedures, investor feedback and best practices. The Board is committed to regularly evaluating its leadership structure. Accordingly, the Board does not have a policy on whether the roles of Chair of the Board and CEO should be separate or combined, and, if separate, whether the Chair should be selected from among the independent directors. Ms. Peters currently serves as independent Chair of the Board, a position to which she was elected in 2024. At this time, the Board believes that separating the roles of Chair and CEO remains appropriate in order to allow our CEO to focus on day-to-day leadership of management and execution of the Company s operating and strategic goals, while continuing to build his public company governance experience. Under the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Chair serves for one-year terms, which may be renewed by the Board each year, and Ms. Peters was re-elected as Chair in 2026 for another one-year term. Ms. Peters leads the Board, presiding over meetings and prioritizing areas of focus including governance matters; providing advice and counsel to our CEO on the Company s strategy and long-term plans; and facilitating independent Board oversight of management. Ms. Peters has an extensive understanding of the Board and the company s strategic goals. She also has valuable public company governance experience (based on her other current public company board memberships) and has demonstrated leadership through her previous service as the Chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Chair of the Audit and Finance Committee. As provided in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board may elect to combine the roles of Chair and CEO as the Board deems appropriate and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Whenever the Chair is also the CEO or a director who does not otherwise qualify as an independent director, the independent directors will elect from among themselves a lead independent director of the Board, who shall have the roles and responsibilities set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. Board Risk Oversight The Board has oversight responsibility of the processes we established to identify, mitigate, report and monitor material risks applicable to us. 15 Table of Contents Board of Directors The Board reviews our general risk management strategy and significant risks we face and ensures that appropriate mitigation strategies are implemented by management. Specifically, the Board considers strategic risks and succession planning and receives reports from each committee as to risks delegated within their areas of responsibility. The Board has delegated to its various committees the oversight of risk management practices for categories of risk relevant to their functions as follows: Our General Counsel serves as our chief risk officer and, in that role, in consultation with our Chief Compliance Officer and the risk management team, as appropriate, periodically reports on enterprise risk management, risk management policies and practices to the relevant Board Committee and/or to the full Board so that any decisions can be made as to any required changes in our risk management and mitigation strategies or in the Board s oversight of these. Compensation The Board engages an independent compensation consultant, currently Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc. ( FW Cook ), to perform an annual assessment of risks as it relates to the Company s compensation and human resource programs. In 2025, the Board and the independent compensation consultant concluded that our compensation policies and procedures do not encourage excessive risk taking and are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Cybersecurity Please refer to Item 1C. Cybersecurity in Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Form 10-K ), for additional information regarding cybersecurity matters. Artificial Intelligence The Board provides oversight of the Company s artificial intelligence ( AI ) initiatives to ensure responsible, ethical, and effective use of AI. Allegion's Chief Information and Digital Officer is responsible for and leads the Company's AI initiatives, providing periodic updates to the Board as necessary. The Company's AI policy governs the use of AI and our employees are trained on this policy to ensure AI is used in compliance with Company policy, expectations and values. 16 Table of Contents Privacy The Board also oversees privacy matters including the global privacy program. Allegion s Chief Privacy Officer is responsible for and leads the Company s Global Privacy Program, providing periodic updates to the Board as necessary. The Global Privacy Program is a comprehensive program that addresses privacy regulations and laws applicable to our businesses globally including the GDPR and the CCPA. We have various privacy policies, statements and notices, as well as accompanying procedures, that govern how we collect, store, protect and use customer, employee and business partner data. We also train our employees on our privacy policies, statements, notices and procedures. Succession Planning We believe that providing for continuity of leadership at both the Board and at the senior management level is critical to our success, and we place a high priority on robust talent development. The Board regularly reviews long-term succession plans for the CEO and senior management. With the assistance of the CEO and our Chief Human Resources Officer, the Board, at least annually, formally reviews the performance of the members of senior management and succession plans for those members, including reviewing the qualifications, experience, development plans and progress of internal CEO and senior management candidates. Further, we provide multiple opportunities for the directors to engage with key talent and employees at various levels, such as exposure through presentations to the Board and dinner events in small group settings. In addition, an emergency CEO succession plan is reviewed by the Board each year to address unanticipated events and emergency situations. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee regularly evaluates the composition of the Board and succession plans. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee considers the needs of the Board and the Company in light of the overall composition of the Board with a view of achieving a balance of diverse skills, experience and attributes that would enhance the quality of the Board s deliberations and decisions, as well as contribute to the Board s overall effectiveness and oversight of management, recognizing that our businesses and operations are diverse and global in nature. In addition, an evaluation of the Board, its effectiveness and its needs are part of the Board s annual self-evaluation process. Board Size and Composition The Board has the authority to set the size of the Board, which is currently comprised of eight directors. Seven of our eight directors are independent, non-employee directors, with the remaining director serving as our President and CEO. The Board may increase or decrease the size of the Board as it deems appropriate to function effectively as a body, subject to the Company s Articles of Association. In addition, our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that all members of the committees of the Board must be independent directors. The Board has the following three standing committees: the Audit and Finance Committee; the Compensation and Human Capital Committee; and the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. 17 Table of Contents Limit on Other Public Company Directorships; Director Time Commitment The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee regularly monitors shareholders views on the appropriate number of public company boards on which directors may serve, which the Board takes into consideration each year as it reviews its Corporate Governance Guidelines. We believe that Board service on other public companies boards provides us valuable governance and leadership experience and additional beneficial insights. The Board also recognizes that public board service requires significant time commitment and attention. Therefore, under our Corporate Governance Guidelines: (i) non-employee directors may not serve on the board of more than three other public companies without the prior approval of the Board; (ii) non-employee directors who serve as an executive officer of a public company may not serve on the board of more than one other publicly held company without the prior approval of the Board; and (iii) no member of the Audit and Finance Committee may serve on more than three other public company audit committees. Non-employee directors who are being considered to serve on other public company boards or their audit committees are reviewed by the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee to determine whether the new board service is compatible with continued service on the Allegion Board. In addition, non-employee directors are expected to advise the Chair of the Board or the Chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of any other change that could create a conflict of interest or impact the analysis of that director s independence or the director s ability to serve the Company, including service with private company boards and non-profit organizations. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee will determine whether the new demands on the director s time would detract from, or impair, his or her ability to serve the Company. Further, pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our CEO may not serve on the board of more than one other public company. Our CEO and other members of senior management must seek Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee approval before accepting board memberships with for-profit entities. Board Evaluation The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee assists the Board in evaluating its performance and the performance of the Board Committees. Each Committee also conducts an annual self-evaluation. The effectiveness of individual directors is considered each year when the directors stand for re-nomination. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee annually reviews the evaluation process, including the evaluation format and appropriate topics. In 2025, Ms. Peters led the evaluation process as the independent Chair of the Board. One-on-one interviews with individual directors are conducted to ensure thoughtful, candid feedback. Board Advisors Each Committee may, under its charter, retain its own advisors to assist in carrying out their responsibilities. 18 Table of Contents Executive Sessions Our non-employee directors meet privately in regularly scheduled executive sessions with our independent Chair, without management present, to consider such matters as the non-employee directors deem appropriate. These executive sessions are required to be held no less than four times each year but are regularly held at each Board meeting and as part of most Committee meetings. Board Refreshment and Diversity We believe Board membership should reflect diversity in its broadest sense, and we believe that such diversity is in the best interests of the Company, its employees, its shareholders and the communities it serves. In considering candidates for director, the Board, with the support of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, takes into account a broad range of factors such as skills, expertise, breadth of experience, understanding of business and financial issues, ability to exercise sound judgment, leadership, achievements and experience in matters affecting business and industry, board experience and viewpoints, and other factors that would complement the existing Board and contribute to enhancing the quality of the Board s deliberations and decisions, recognizing that our businesses and operations are diverse and global in nature. The Board periodically reviews and assesses its composition and takes into consideration factors that may impact Board turnover and refreshment. To promote regular refreshment, the Corporate Governance Guidelines include a policy that provides that each non-employee director must retire at the AGM immediately following the completion of 10 years of service as a director of the Board. In the last five years, we refreshed five of the Board positions with highly qualified and independent directors. Further, as far as tenure, we believe the composition of the Board reflects a good balance of new and experienced directors, allowing the Board to benefit from fresh perspectives while ensuring we retain the knowledge and experience of longer-serving directors. Director Nomination Process The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee reviews the composition of the full Board to identify the qualifications and areas of expertise needed to further enhance the capability and composition of the Board, makes recommendations to the Board concerning the appropriate size and needs of the Board and, on its own or with the assistance of management, a search firm or others, identifies candidates with those qualifications. Shareholders may recommend candidates for consideration for Board membership by sending the recommendation to the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, in care of the Corporate Secretary, and may also nominate directors for membership on the Board by following the notice and procedural requirements outlined on page 92. Candidates recommended by shareholders are evaluated by the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee in the same manner as director candidates identified by any other means. Director Onboarding and Education All directors are expected to invest the time and energy required to quickly gain an in-depth understanding of our business and operations so that they can enhance their contributions and strategic value to the Board. We have an onboarding program for new directors and periodically review and update the orientation materials and program to ensure that new directors gain a good understanding of our business, operations and values in an effective, meaningful manner. Further, we provide continuing education opportunities for all directors, including membership with the National Association of Corporate Directors. In addition, the non-employee directors have access to management and other employees as a means of providing additional information. 19 Table of Contents Application of Non-U.S. Corporate Governance Codes Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and general approach to corporate governance, as reflected in our Memorandum and Articles of Association and our internal policies and procedures, are guided by U.S. practice and applicable federal securities laws and regulations and NYSE listing rules including its corporate governance standards. Although we are an Irish public limited company, we are not listed on the Irish Stock Exchange and, therefore, are not subject to the listing rules of the Irish Stock Exchange or any of its governance standards or guidelines. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Based on the recommendation of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, the Board has determined that our current directors and director nominees, except Mr. Stone, who is our President and CEO, are independent under applicable NYSE listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Board has determined that none of the non-employee directors were found to have any direct or indirect material relationship with the Company. In addition, the Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit and Finance Committee and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee meets the heightened independence requirements specific to audit committee and compensation committee membership, respectively, as set forth under applicable SEC rules and NYSE listing requirements. SHAREHOLDER OUTREACH AND ENGAGEMENT The Allegion Board and management are committed to robust corporate governance practices and operating a sustainable business with its shareholders, customers, end users and employees all in mind. Allegion believes that engaging with shareholders and other key stakeholders about governance and sustainability issues is essential to a governance program. Allegion has an ongoing shareholder engagement program, focused on maintaining an open dialogue with shareholders on key items around the Company s governance practices, compensation philosophy, strategy and sustainability initiatives. This engagement is in addition to the extensive engagement our investor relations team, CEO and CFO have with shareholders on a regular basis to discuss the Company s financial performance, long-term business strategy, capital allocation priorities and other topics of interest. Allegion s engagement strategy is a year-round endeavor overseen by the Board, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, and the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. This outreach program includes off-cycle engagements in the spring and fall with shareholders and proxy advisor firms. The results of these engagements are reviewed with the Board and committees on a regular basis. We then also consider shareholder feedback in our periodic review of our governance practices. Topics discussed in engagement calls over the last year included: the Company s progress on board refreshment and succession planning; the correlation between the Board s skills and experience and the Company s long-term strategy; the Company s People, Environment and Safety Scorecard; the Board s risk oversight, particularly around cybersecurity; as well as the Company s goals around corporate and environmental sustainability. 20 Table of Contents Shareholder Engagement Highlights Engaged through: Engagements include: Quarterly earnings calls Investor conferences Individual investor meetings AGM Shareholder outreach program Periodic Investor Day events ESG-related reports President and CEO CFO Chair of the Board Investor Relations team Corporate Secretarial department Non-employee directors through the AGM ESG subject matter experts Engaged with: Information shared through: Institutional investors Retail shareholders Pension funds Proxy advisory firms Industry associations and thought leaders SEC filings, including Form 10-K, Forms 10-Q, Forms 8-K and Proxy Statement Quarterly earnings calls Press releases Company website Corporate sustainability engagement presentations How we responded: We continued to maintain the separate CEO and Chair of the Board roles. In 2024, we amended our Corporate Governance Guidelines to bolster our director time commitment policy and expect each of our non-employee directors to advise the Chair of the Board and the Chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of any change that might impact the director s ability to serve the Company, including service with private company boards and non-profit organizations. In 2024, we adopted an enhanced clawback policy, in addition to the clawback policy that we adopted in accordance with Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act, and the corresponding NYSE listing standards, that gives the Company the discretion to clawback incentive compensation, including time-based awards, if a recipient is terminated for cause. 21 Table of Contents COMMUNICATION WITH DIRECTORS Shareholders and other interested parties wishing to communicate with members of the Board, individually or as a group, including the Chair individually or a specified Committee or group, such as the non-employee directors as a group, may do so either by sending a communication to the Board and/or a particular Board member, in care of the Corporate Secretary at our registered office address Unit No. 233, The Capel Building, Mary s Abbey, Dublin 7, D07 X324, Ireland, or by e-mail at allegionboard@allegion.com . The Corporate Secretary will review all correspondence and will forward to the Board or an individual director a summary of the correspondence received and copies of correspondence that the Corporate Secretary determines is required to be directed to the attention of the Board or such individual director. Our Corporate Secretary may sort or summarize the communications as appropriate and, depending on the nature of the communication, the correspondence will either be forwarded or periodically presented to the Board. Communications that are personal grievances, commercial solicitations, customer complaints or that contain inappropriate or offensive content will not be communicated to the Board or any director or committee. The Board or any individual director may at any time request copies and review all correspondence received by the Corporate Secretary that is intended for the Board or such individual director. CODE OF CONDUCT We have adopted a worldwide Code of Conduct , which applies to all our officers, employees and directors. The Code of Conduct meets the requirements of a code of ethics as defined by item 406(b) of Regulation S-K, as well as the requirements of a code of business conduct and ethics under NYSE listing standards. The Code of Conduct covers topics including, but not limited to, avoiding conflicts of interest, maintaining confidentiality of information, working with suppliers, preventing bribery and corruption, avoiding insider trading, and complying with laws and regulations. A copy of our Code of Conduct is available on our website located at www.allegion.com . Amendments to, or waivers of the provisions of, the Code of Conduct, if any, made with respect to any of our directors and executive officers, will be posted on our website. RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS We have a written related person transaction policy with respect to the review and approval of any transactions with related persons. Under this policy, all related person transactions are prohibited unless approved by the disinterested members of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee in accordance with the policy. In addition, the Company s Code of Conduct , which sets forth standards applicable to all employees, officers and directors of the Company, requires that all employees, officers and directors must disclose all potential conflicts of interest and promptly take actions to eliminate a conflict when the Company so requests. A copy of our Related Person Transaction Policy is available on our website located at www.allegion.com . Since January 1, 2025, there have been no transactions in which we were a participant or will be a participant, in which the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed $120,000, and any of our directors, executive officers, or holders of more than 5% of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of, or person sharing the household with, the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 22 Table of Contents ANTI-HEDGING/ANTI-PLEDGING POLICY AND OTHER RESTRICTIONS We prohibit our directors, executive officers and all other employees covered under our Insider Trading Policy from: (i) purchasing any financial instruments designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of our securities and (ii) engaging in any form of short-term speculative trading in our securities. Directors, executive officers and all other employees covered under our Insider Trading Policy are also prohibited from pledging our securities as collateral for a loan or holding our securities in a margin account. There are no directors or executive officers who hold any Company securities that are pledged. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD The Board s role is to oversee the management and governance of the Company and to monitor senior management s performance. The Board has three standing committees to help carry out its duties: the Audit and Finance Committee; the Compensation and Human Capital Committee; and the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Each committee operates in accordance with the corresponding charter, copies of which are available on our website, www.allegion.com . The Board has determined that the Chair and each member of all three Committees are independent for purposes of the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, as defined in the NYSE listing standards and our Corporate Governance Guidelines. In addition, the Board has determined that each member of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee qualifies as a Non-Employee Director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act. The following table sets forth the current membership for each Board Committee: Audit and Finance Compensation and Human Capital Corporate Governance and Nominating Susan L. Main* Chair Steven C. Mizell Chair Nicole Parent Haughey Lauren B. Peters* Chair Ellen Rubin Gregg C. Sengstack John H. Stone Dev Vardhan * Audit Committee Financial Expert 23 Table of Contents Audit and Finance Committee The Audit and Finance Committee has oversight over the following: Integrity of the Company s financial statements, including its accounting policies and financial reporting and disclosure practices; Adequacy of the system of internal controls within the Company to support the financial and business environment; Management of the Company s financial resources and major financial strategies and transactions; Company s processes to assure its compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and corporate policy; Qualification and independence of the Company s independent auditors; and Performance of the Company s internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm. Key Responsibilities Financial Reporting Review and discuss with management the annual audited and quarterly financial statements, as well as disclosures under our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, with management and the independent registered public accounting firm. Discuss with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by the applicable auditing standards adopted by the PCAOB and approved by the SEC from time to time. Review and discuss with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our earnings press releases as well as financial information and earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies. Recommend to the Board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K for filing with the SEC; and produce the audit committee report required to be included in the Company s Proxy Statement. Financing Consider and approve the Company s annual financing plan, including its projected capital structure and funding requirements. Consider and recommend for approval by the Board our external dividend policy and dividend payments. Consider and recommend for approval by the Board the repurchase of our ordinary shares. Consider and recommend for approval by the Board issuances of equity and/or debt securities, or authorizations for other financing transactions, including bank credit facilities. Accounting Consider and approve, if appropriate, major changes to the Company s auditing and accounting principles and practices as recommended by our independent auditors, management or our internal auditing department. 24 Table of Contents Review significant accounting and reporting issues, including recent professional and regulatory pronouncements. Independent Auditors Select, retain, compensate, oversee, replace and terminate, if necessary, any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review or attest services for the Company and approve all audit engagement fees and terms subject to the requirements of Irish company law. Review, at least annually, the qualifications and performance of our independent registered public accounting firm, including whether there should be a rotation of the lead audit partner or the audit firm itself. Review and discuss with the independent registered public accounting firm, in order to satisfy itself as to their independence, all relationships that would be thought to bear on the objectivity and independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; and ensure the receipt of the independent registered public accounting firm s annual independence statement. Review with the independent registered public accounting firm and financial management of the Company in advance and approve all auditing services to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm, including the scope, staffing and, subject to prior delegation from the shareholders, the fees of the independent registered public accounting firm to be incurred in connection with the proposed audit for the current year and, at the conclusion of such audit, review such audit including any comments or recommendations of the independent registered public accounting firm. Approve in advance, subject to and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, non-audit services and related fees to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. Set clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm. Risk Oversight and Internal Audit Discuss with management and the independent registered public accounting firm the Company s policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management and consider and approve the Company s financial risk management activities, including the areas of foreign exchange, commodities, interest rate exposures, insurance programs and customer financing risks. Consider and approve the Company s policy for investment of excess cash. Obtain and review periodic reports of the investment performance of the Company s pensions and savings benefit plans. Review periodically (at least annually) the objectives, activities, organizational structure, budget, staffing and qualifications of the internal audit function. Review the appointment and replacement of the senior internal audit executive and establish and maintain a direct reporting relationship with such executive. Internal Controls Obtain and review periodic reports, at least annually, from management assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures for financial reporting, including reports on (i) all significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls; (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees having a significant role in internal controls; and (iii) results of internal control reviews of information technology, cybersecurity and privacy controls and procedures. 25 Table of Contents Obtain from management annually, as required by law, a report on internal controls, which shall (i) state the responsibility of management for establishing and maintaining an adequate internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting; and (ii) contain management s assessment, as of the end of the most recent fiscal year, of the effectiveness of the internal control structure and financial reporting procedures. Obtain from the independent registered public accounting firm an attestation to (and a report on) the assessment made by management. Review the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and management s assessment of them. Legal and Compliance Review with the Chief Compliance Officer: (i) the ethics and compliance metrics approved by the Audit and Finance Committee; (ii) the Chief Compliance Officer s annual report on the Company s overall ethics and compliance program; and (iii) the Company s periodic ethics and compliance risk assessment. Establish procedures for (i) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters; and (ii) the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of the Company of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. Review with the General Counsel any legal matters, including litigation and regulatory matters, which could have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. Other Duties Review and assess the adequacy of the Audit and Finance Committee Charter and the Audit Services Charter annually or more often as conditions dictate, and recommend proposed changes to the Board. Review periodically (at least annually), with the senior tax executive, all tax matters affecting the Company s financial performance. Prepare and issue the Audit and Finance Committee Report required by the rules of the SEC to be included in the Company s Proxy Statement. Report to the Board regularly including with respect to all significant issues discussed and make recommendations to be acted upon by the Board. Conduct an annual evaluation of the performance of the Audit and Finance Committee. Perform any other activities consistent with the Audit and Finance Committee Charter, the Company s Articles of Association and governing law, as the Audit and Finance Committee or the Board deems necessary or appropriate. Audit Committee Financial Literacy The Board has determined that each of the members of the Audit and Finance Committee meets the financial literacy requirements set forth under applicable NYSE listing standards, as interpreted by the Board in its business judgment, and that Ms. Main and Ms. Peters each qualify as an audit committee financial expert as defined under applicable SEC rules and NYSE listing requirements. 26 Table of Contents Compensation and Human Capital Committee Key Responsibilities Establish our executive compensation philosophy, strategies, policies and programs to enable the Company to attract, retain, deploy and motivate key talent necessary to meet current and future needs of the enterprise, and to ensure the Company s compensation policies and programs are aligned with shareholder interests (including total shareholder return) and company performance as compared to relevant peer group companies. Review and approve the compensation, including salary, annual incentives, long-term incentives, equity-based awards and all other executive benefits for the CEO. The Compensation and Human Capital Committee then reports the CEO actions taken to the full Board. Has sole authority to determine the CEO s corporate goals and objectives relevant to their compensation and evaluate their performance against those goals and objectives. Review and approve compensation, including salaries, annual incentives, long-term incentives, equity-based awards and all other executive benefits for all executive officers. Review and approve executive compensation and benefit programs including the Company s executive incentive compensation plans, equity-based plans and executive pension and welfare plans. Review broad-based employee benefit programs and recommend to the Board proposals for adoption, significant amendment or termination of such plans. Review and discuss with management the potential risks associated with our compensation policies, incentive plans and programs, and whether such policies, plans and programs incentivize unnecessary and excessive risk taking. Review any material, non-recurring discretionary bonus pool programs for broad employee groups. Exercise all powers and discretion vested in the Board under our equity compensation plans, including the authority to grant awards. Establish, or recommend to the Board, stock ownership guidelines for executive officers and monitor compliance with those guidelines. Approve the creation of any new clawback policy or the revision of our existing clawback policies, allowing the Company to recoup compensation paid to employees, and monitor compliance with such policies. Assist the Board in its oversight of our key programs, policies and strategies related to its management of human capital resources, including recruitment, development and retention of personnel, talent management and workplace culture. Oversee the succession and development plans (including succession plans for emergencies) for the CEO and other executive officers. For clarity, succession and development planning (including for emergencies) for the CEO will be overseen by the independent members of the Board unless all independent directors are also members of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee. Approve the content of employment, severance and change in control plans or arrangements or amendments to those plans or arrangements for executive officers. Advise the Board on management proposals to shareholders on executive compensation matters; oversee management s engagement with shareholders and proxy advisory firms on executive compensation matters; review the results of advisory votes on executive compensation and consider any implications in connection with the Committee s ongoing determinations and 27 Table of Contents recommendations regarding executive officer compensation and the Company s executive compensation policies and practices. Review, and recommend to the Board inclusion of, the executive compensation disclosures made in our annual proxy statement or annual report on Form 10-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, and prepare the report to be included therein. Conduct an annual evaluation of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee s performance. Review and assess the adequacy of the Committee s charter, at least annually, and recommend proposed changes to the Board. Perform any other activities consistent with the Compensation and Human Capital Committee s Charter, the Company s Articles of Association and governing law, as the Compensation and Human Capital Committee or the Board deems necessary or appropriate. For a discussion concerning the processes and procedures for determining executive compensation and the role of executive officers and compensation consultants in determining or recommending the amount or form of compensation, please see the discussion under Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Key Responsibilities Consider and review, at least annually, our corporate governance guidelines and make recommendations to the Board for changes which the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee deems appropriate. Consider and recommend the size, functions and needs of the Board in order to ensure that the Board has the requisite leadership, skills and expertise and that its membership consists of individuals with sufficiently diverse and independent backgrounds. Identify, review and recommend candidates to fill new positions or vacancies on the Board consistent with the criteria set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines and such other criteria which the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee deems appropriate. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee shall conduct all necessary and appropriate inquiries into the backgrounds and qualifications of possible candidates. In that connection, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee shall have the sole authority to retain and to terminate any search firm to be used to assist it in identifying candidates to serve as directors of the Company, including the sole authority to approve the fees payable to such search firm and any other terms of retention. Review Board candidates and other proposals recommended by shareholders. Propose director nominees for election or re-election for recommendation by the Board to the shareholders. Consider questions of independence and possible conflicts of interest of members of the Board, as well as executive officers. Review and recommend Chairs and members of Board committees, giving consideration to the requirements of the Committee Charters, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and such other factors which the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee deems appropriate. Review and make recommendations on the conduct of Board, Board committee and shareholder meetings. Review and recommend non-employee director compensation. 28 Table of Contents Recommend director retirement policies. Nominate individuals for election by the Board as corporate officers. Review and approve outside board memberships of the CEO and other members of senior management with for-profit entities. Review, approve and oversee any transaction between the Company and any related person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K) and any other potential conflict of interest situations on an ongoing basis, in accordance with the Company s policies and procedures. Assist the Board in its oversight of our ESG initiatives, strategies, goals and performance. Oversee the evaluation of the performance of the Board, Board committees and management. Conduct an annual evaluation of the performance of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. Review and assess the adequacy of the committee s charter, at least annually, and recommend proposed changes to the Board. Report to the Board all significant issues discussed and make recommendations to be acted upon by the Board. Perform any other activities consistent with the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charter, the Company s Articles of Association and governing law, as the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee or the Board deems necessary or appropriate. Board, Committee and Annual Meeting Attendance The Board and its committees held the following number of meetings during fiscal year ended 2025: Board 9 Audit and Finance Committee 10 Compensation and Human Capital Committee 5 Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 5 Each of our current directors attended at least 89% of the Board meetings and 80% of the Committee meetings during the time that he or she served during 2025. We expect all director nominees to attend the AGM, but from time to time, other commitments may prevent all directors from attending the meeting. All director nominees attended the 2025 AGM. 29 Table of Contents CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS The Board, together with its three standing Committees, oversees the Company s corporate sustainability strategy, policies, ESG goals, initiatives, performance and reporting. The Company has an ESG Council comprised of leaders and subject matter experts across multiple functions and provides regular updates to the Board. The purpose of the ESG Council, which meets regularly throughout the year to review and evaluate the effectiveness and scope of our ESG strategy, policies, goals, initiatives and key performance indicators, and then assesses progress against our goals, is to support our ongoing commitment to corporate sustainability matters, including health and safety, corporate responsibility, culture and engagement and environmental sustainability by: Developing our strategy related to corporate sustainability matters, including identifying, evaluating and monitoring ESG matters at the Company that could affect the Company s business activities, performance and reputation; Establishing long-term corporate sustainability goals and ensuring internal and external visibility to progress toward those goals; Overseeing integration of strategically significant corporate sustainability policies into the business operations and strategy; and Assisting in shaping communications with employees, investors and other stakeholders of the Company with respect to ESG matters. Our corporate sustainability initiatives align with prominent standards and frameworks to meet the needs of our business and stakeholders. Established in 2021, our materiality matrix is based on a survey conducted with key stakeholders, including the Board, leadership team, employees, investors, suppliers, customers and community partners. This matrix identifies the ESG factors of importance to our business. As part of our continuous improvement process, we will continue to evaluate evolving ESG standards and recommendations as they apply to our business. To recognize the importance of ESG to the Company s strategy, business activities, performance and reputation, in 2023, the Company adopted a People, Environment and Safety Scorecard, which is incorporated into its Annual Incentive Plan for its executive officers, and the Company s performance against certain quantitative ESG metrics factors into the executive officers individual performance scores. Additional information about our materiality matrix, efforts, policies, goals and key achievements are available on our website at www.allegion.com , which is updated periodically to reflect our latest corporate sustainability initiatives and progress. We are committed to conducting business in a safe, environmentally responsible and sustainable manner, in compliance with all applicable Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) laws and regulations and in a manner that helps promote and protect the health and safety of our environment. This commitment is congruent with our values which include: Be safe, be healthy , Do the right thing and Be empowered and accountable . We regularly monitor our facilities and processes to comply with environmental standards and regulations. We seek to operate our business with principles that support our proactive commitment, including: Integrating sound EHS and sustainability strategies in all elements of our business, including setting quantitative metrics and targets to provide clear accountability and to monitor and measure improvement in EHS performance. Conducting periodic, formal evaluations and audits of our compliance status, while also routinely reviewing our objectives and metrics. Fostering a workplace culture where everyone at Allegion is responsible for safety: Managers and supervisors leading by example to help ensure a safe and healthy workplace; 30 Table of Contents Training and expecting our associates to understand the EHS and sustainability aspects, hazards and controls associated with their jobs and that they are empowered and encouraged to report unsafe conditions; and Employees understanding they have a duty to protect themselves, their co-workers and the environment, which is accomplished through ongoing EHS and sustainability consultation as well as participation in health and safety program development and implementation. Implementing measures to enhance internal and external stakeholder awareness of our environmental management policy and its impacts. Establishing prioritization and action plans to continuously improve our EHS and sustainability management systems and performance, including reduction in use of natural resources, minimization of waste and prevention of pollution, as well as prevention and elimination of workplace accidents, injuries and risks. Designing, operating and maintaining our facilities in a manner that minimizes negative EHS and sustainability impacts. Using materials responsibly, including, where feasible, recycling and reusing materials. Operating in a way that shows sensitivity to community concerns about EHS and sustainability issues. We take the management of climate-related risks and sustainability seriously. As a reflection of this, we have set enterprise goals for reductions in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions intensity, water usage and total waste to landfill, as compared to our baseline year (2020). In addition, we have a dedicated environmental program that is designed to reduce the utilization and generation of hazardous materials during the manufacturing process, as well as to remediate identified environmental concerns. We are currently engaged in site investigations and remediation activities to address environmental cleanup from past operations at current and former production facilities. We also regularly evaluate our remediation programs and consider alternative remediation methods that are in addition to, or in replacement of, those we currently utilize based on enhanced technology and regulatory changes. Our dedication to enterprise sustainability is further showcased in recent key environmental performance results. We successfully met our initial 2030 goals for GHG emissions intensity (25% reduction) and water usage (20% reduction) in 2023 and 2024, respectively well ahead of schedule. From a systems perspective, we have expanded our third-party certifications. In 2025, we achieved our initial 2030 goal to increase our number of ISO 14001 (Environmental) certified sites by 50% complemented by our 2024 achievement of ISO 45001 (Safety) certified sites by 50%. We are proud that such sustainability efforts and performance are recognized publicly. Our recognition includes being named a 2021 Robert W. Campbell Award winner for EHS excellence. Additionally, in 2022, we were among the notable companies honored with a SEAL Business Sustainability Award, in recognition of our proactive water reduction project implemented across two of our production facilities in the Baja region of Mexico. In 2024, we were again honored with two SEAL Business Sustainability Awards, in recognition of our glass recycling practices in Snoqualmie, Washington (U.S.), and a project reducing cargo shipments to our Olathe, Kansas (U.S.), facility. We also received a 2024 Sustainability Award from the Business Intelligence Group for our development and use of a sustainability kaizen model. Conflict Minerals As a leading global provider of security products and solutions that keep people safe, secure and productive, we offer an extensive and versatile portfolio of mechanical and electronic security products. While we are many layers removed from the mining of conflict minerals and do not directly purchase raw 31 Table of Contents ore or unrefined conflict materials, we seek to responsibly source materials. We also expect our suppliers to source conflict minerals responsibly and to provide sufficient data, including supporting due diligence records. Our Conflict Minerals policy and approach are posted on our website at www.allegion.com and our Conflict Minerals Report is filed annually with the SEC as part of Form SD. CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP We are committed to being a good corporate citizen globally as well as creating a positive employee environment. We are also honored to support our global communities, not just with our vision of creating a safer and more accessible world, but also through the passion and service of our people. Consistent with our value to Serve others, not yourself , we encourage and empower our employees to identify local needs and make a difference where they live and work. Each year, our employees around the world are proud to directly support organizations and initiatives through donations, engagement and thousands of hours, collectively, of volunteerism in the communities where we live and thrive. Our community impact projects span safe and secure housing, hunger relief, domestic violence shelters, support for educators, schools and children facing health and social challenges, STEM and mentoring programs and many more needs identified by our local operations. In addition, many employees serve in volunteer board and committee leadership positions, strengthening their local non-profits. We also encourage our employees to embrace a culture that emphasizes safe and healthy lifestyles, both at home and at work. From benefits programs for healthy choices, physical activity, stress management and mental health, healthy snacks and a focus on heart health to on-site fitness and employee-led initiatives, health is a focus at Allegion. INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following is a list of executive officers of the Company as of April 1, 2026. John H. Stone . See his director biography on page 11. Michael J. Wagnes , age 52, has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since March 2022. Mr. Wagnes served as our Vice President and General Manager, Commercial Americas, from 2020 to 2022, and as our Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasury, from 2016 to 2020. Joseph C. Blasko , age 58, has served as our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since June 2025. Mr. Blasko previously served as General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer of LanzaTech Global, Inc. from 2023 to 2025 and as General Counsel, Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer of James Hardie Industries plc from 2011 to 2022. Timothy P. Eckersley , age 64, has served as our President, International, and Senior Vice President, Allegion, since June 2023. Mr. Eckersley served as our Senior Vice President, Allegion International, from 2021 to June 2023 and Senior Vice President, Americas, from 2013 to 2020. Jennifer L. Hawes , age 44, has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since February 2023. Ms. Hawes served as our Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer from 2022 to February 2023, as our Vice President, Human Resources Total Rewards and Global Talent, from 2020 to 2022, Vice President, Global Talent, from 2018 to 2020, and Vice President, Human Resources Americas, from 2016 to 2018. 32 Table of Contents David S. Ilardi , age 47, has served as our Senior Vice President, Allegion Americas, since March 2022. Mr. Ilardi served as our General Manager, Allegion Home, from 2019 to 2022 and Regional Vice President Sales, Central Region, from 2017 to 2019. Tracy L. Kemp , age 58, has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Information and Digital Officer since December 2020. Ms. Kemp served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Customer and Digital Officer from 2019 to 2020 and Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer from 2015 to 2019. Robert C. Martens , age 55, has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Innovation and Design Officer since December 2019 and Futurist and President of Allegion Ventures since 2017. Nickolas A. Musial , age 45, has served as our Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since March 2022 and as our Treasurer since July 2023. Mr. Musial served as our Vice President of Finance, Allegion Americas, from 2017 to 2022. Vincent M. Wenos , age 59, has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since June 2019. Mr. Wenos served as our Vice President, Global Technology and Engineering, from 2018 to 2019 and as both Vice President, Americas Engineering, and Vice President, Global Mechanical Products, from 2016 to 2018. No family relationship exists between any of the above-listed executive officers or directors of the Company. 33 Table of Contents COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 2025 Director Compensation Our director compensation program is designed to compensate our non-employee directors fairly for work required for a company of our size and scope and align their interests with the long-term interests of our shareholders. The program reflects our desire to attract, retain and use the expertise of highly qualified people serving on the Board. The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, in consultation with FW Cook (the independent compensation consultant retained by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee), periodically reviews the compensation level of our non-employee directors and makes recommendations to the Board. Employee directors do not receive any additional compensation for serving as a director. The Company s 2025 non-employee director compensation program consisted of the below elements: Compensation Element Compensation Value Annual Cash Retainer (a) $ 150,000 Non-Executive Chair Annual Cash Retainer (a) $ 75,000 Audit and Finance Committee Chair Cash Retainer (a) $ 25,000 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Chair Cash Retainer (a) $ 25,000 Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Chair Cash Retainer (unless also serving as Non-Executive Chair) $ 15,000 Special Meetings or Previously Unscheduled Planning Session Fees (per meeting or session) (b) $ 1,500 Annual Grant of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) (vests after one year as long as the director remains on the Board) (c) $ 140,000 Non-Executive Chair Annual Grant of RSUs (vests after one year as long as the director remains on the Board) $ 75,000 (a) Payable quarterly at the end of each quarter. If a director is first appointed to the Board or as Non-Executive Chair or a Committee Chair other than on the date of the AGM, the newly appointed director or Chair is eligible to receive a pro rata portion of the applicable cash retainer for the quarter of appointment based on the number of days that remain in such calendar quarter. (b) The Board has five regularly scheduled meetings each year. Under the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Audit and Finance Committee meets at least five times a year, the Compensation and Human Capital Committee meets at least four times a year, and the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee meets at least three times a year. (c) If a director is appointed to the Board or as Non-Executive Chair other than on the date of the AGM, the newly appointed director is eligible to receive a pro rata equity grant for the year of appointment based on the number of days that remain in the 365-day period beginning on the date of the last AGM. Share Ownership Requirement To further align the interests of our directors with our shareholders, the Board has a policy providing that our non-employee directors are expected to own ordinary shares with a value equal to a multiple of their annual cash retainer, subject to a reasonable transition period following their initial appointment as a director. In December 2025, the Board increased the minimum ownership requirement from three to four times the annual cash retainer. Non-employee directors must hold any ordinary shares acquired until their share ownership guideline is met and must thereafter retain ordinary shares having such value until their retirement or departure from 34 Table of Contents the Board. All of our non-employee directors were in compliance with or on track to achieve compliance with these obligations as of December 31, 2025. The CEO, in his capacity as an executive officer of the Company, is required to hold six times his salary as further described in the CD A. Director Product Program For our non-employee directors to develop a deeper understanding of our products and services, we maintain a product program that permits our non-employee directors to receive, upon request, up to $2,000 of our products and services for their personal (including immediate family) use in any fiscal year. This $2,000 allowance covers the value of the applicable products (based on the costs to the Company) and any costs associated with the installation of the product. In the event the total costs of the product and related installation exceeds $2,000, the non-employee director shall reimburse us for the excess amount. 2025 Director Compensation The compensation paid or credited to our non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, is summarized in the table below. As an employee director, Mr. Stone is not eligible to receive any additional compensation for his service as director. Fees earned or paid All Other in cash Stock Awards Compensation Total Name ($) ($) (a) ($) (b) ($) Lauren B. Peters 225,000 270,194 3,917 499,111 Kirk S. Hachigian (c) 64,698 5,159 69,857 Susan L. Main 175,000 140,052 3,917 318,969 Steven C. Mizell 175,000 140,052 3,917 318,969 Nicole Parent Haughey 150,000 140,052 3,917 293,969 Ellen Rubin 150,000 140,052 4,065 294,117 Gregg C. Sengstack 150,000 205,592 1,762 357,354 Dev Vardhan 150,000 140,052 3,917 293,969 (a) The amount represents the aggregate grant date fair value of the RSUs granted to each of our non-employee directors, all computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718. In December 2024, the Board approved off-cycle grants awarded in January 2025 for Ms. Peters, who was appointed as Chair of the Board in September 2024, and for Mr. Sengstack, who was appointed to the Board outside of the AGM, and the amounts granted reflect the pro rata number of days the director served in such capacity. As of December 31, 2025, Ms. Peters held 1,982 unvested RSUs, Mr. Sengstack held 1,520 unvested RSUs, and each of Ms. Main, Mr. Mizell, Ms. Parent Haughey, Ms. Rubin and Mr. Vardhan held 1,013 unvested RSUs. The unvested shares held by Ms. Peters and Mr. Sengstack include the off-cycle grants of RSUs. (b) Amounts in this column include: (i) dividend equivalent payments of (A) $2,155 to each of Ms. Main, Mr. Mizell, Ms. Parent Haughey, Ms. Peters, Ms. Rubin and Mr. Vardhan, and (B) $3,397 to Mr. Hachigian upon the vesting of their RSU awards; (ii) Irish tax preparation fees of $1,762 for each of Ms. Peters, Mr. Hachigian, Ms. Main, Mr. Mizell, Ms. Parent Haughey, Ms. Rubin, Mr. Sengstack and Mr. Vardhan; and (iii) Director Product Program reimbursements of $148 to Ms. Rubin. (c) Mr. Hachigian retired at the end of his term at the 2025 AGM in accordance with the Company s director retirement policy. 35 Table of Contents Table of Contents 2 Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation The Company is seeking a non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of its Named Executive Officers, as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 38 and the 2025 Summary Compensation Table beginning on page 60. The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR the non-binding advisory vote to approve executive compensation, and for the following resolution: RESOLVED, that the shareholders approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the compensation tables, and the related disclosure contained in the Company s Proxy Statement. The primary objectives of our executive compensation program are to: Create and reinforce our pay-for-performance culture; Align the interests of management with our shareholders and other stakeholders; Attract, retain and motivate executive talent by providing competitive levels of salary and targeted total pay; Provide incentive compensation that promotes desired behavior without encouraging unnecessary and excessive risk; and Integrate with our performance management process of goal setting and formal evaluation. By following these objectives, we believe that our compensation program for NEOs is strongly aligned with the long-term interests of our shareholders. At our 2020 AGM, we held a non-binding advisory vote seeking how frequently we should submit our say-on-pay proposal to shareholders (commonly referred to as a say-on-frequency proposal). Based on the results of such non-binding advisory vote, the Company will hold say-on-pay votes annually. We will re-evaluate this determination after the shareholder advisory say-on-frequency vote at the Company s 2026 AGM. Vote required: Affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote as abstentions and broker non-votes are not counted as a vote cast. 37 Table of Contents COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CD A) This CD A describes our executive compensation philosophy and the key elements of our executive compensation program, practices and processes, focusing on the executive pay decisions for our Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ) listed below for 2025: Name Position John H. Stone President and Chief Executive Officer Michael J. Wagnes Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Timothy P. Eckersley President, International, and Senior Vice President, Allegion David S. Ilardi Senior Vice President, Allegion Americas Joseph C. Blasko Senior Vice President and General Counsel EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 2025 Allegion Performance In 2025, the Company achieved record levels of financial performance. Below are results based on the metrics we utilize in our AIP and long-term incentive plan. Adj. Revenue Performance Adj. Op. Income Performance 38 Table of Contents Adj. Available Cash Flow Performance Adj. Earnings Per Share * The foregoing metrics reflect adjustments by the Compensation and Human Capital Committee, as described in more detail below. Overall, 2025 was marked by high-single digit enterprise revenue growth, accretive capital deployment and strong cash generation. Our company grew revenue and profitability while making responsible investments to drive future growth. During the year, those investments included the acquisitions of Brisant Secure, ELATEC, Gatewise, Lemaar, Next Door Company, Novas, Trimco, UAP and Waitwhile. These acquisitions leverage core Allegion strengths in mechanical security hardware, while also increasing our deep customer relat