=== ALLE_2026-02-17.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS We are subject to future events, risks and uncertainties – many of which are beyond our control – that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed below, together with all the other information included in this Form 10-K, in evaluating us and our securities. If any of the events, risks or uncertainties below actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Any such adverse effect may cause the trading price of our securities to decline, and as a result, you could lose all or part of your investment in us. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may also be materially and adversely affected by events, risks and uncertainties not known to us or events, risks and uncertainties that we currently believe to be immaterial. Economic, Market and Financial Risks Our business performance is impacted by the strength of the institutional, commercial and residential construction and remodeling markets and global macroeconomic factors. Demand for our security products and solutions relies on the institutional, commercial, and residential construction and remodeling markets, which are marked by cyclicality based on national, regional and local economic conditions, including consumer confidence and disposable income, corporate and government spending, work-from-home trends, availability of credit and demand for new housing and infrastructure. As a result, weakness or instability in one or more of these markets could 12 Table of Contents slow demand for new construction or remodeling projects and cause current and potential customers to delay or cancel capital projects or otherwise choose not to make purchases, which could negatively impact the demand for our products and solutions and result in declines in our revenues, profitability and cash flows. In the recent past, our business operations and performance were also impacted by global macroeconomic challenges, including supply chain disruptions and delays, material, electronic component and labor shortages, prolonged periods of cost inflation, and increased interest rates. Negative macroeconomic trends, future market disruptions or uncertainty related to potential changes to fiscal and monetary policy and/or trade policy, including the imposition, or threatened imposition, of tariffs and potential retaliatory trade restrictions, may make it more challenging for us to manufacture and deliver products to our customers, could cause periodic production interruptions and supply constraints, impact our ability to forecast and plan for future business activities and, if not adequately managed by us, could cause a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Increased prices, whether due to inflationary pressures or other factors, could negatively impact our margin performance and our financial results. Higher prices for raw materials, parts and components, freight, packaging, labor and energy, whether caused by inflationary pressures or other geopolitical factors, such as new or increased tariffs, duties, or other charges as a result of changes to U.S. or international trade policies or trade agreements, increase our costs to manufacture and distribute our products and services, and we may be unable to pass these increased costs on to our customers. We do not currently use financial derivatives to hedge against volatility in commodity prices; however, we utilize firm purchase commitments, where possible, to help mitigate risk. The pricing of some materials, parts and components we use is based on market prices. To mitigate this exposure, we may use annual price contracts to minimize the impact of inflation and to benefit from deflation. However, these hedging and pricing strategies may not fully protect us against cost increases caused by factors such as new or increased tariffs, changing import duties, market illiquidity and specific local regulations. Additionally, we are exposed to fluctuations in other costs such as packaging, freight, labor and energy prices. If these costs increase beyond our ability to control for them through measures such as implementing operating efficiencies, or we are not able to increase prices to sufficiently offset the effect of various cost increases without negatively impacting customer demand, our margin performance and results of operations would be negatively impacted. Our global operations subject us to political, economic and regulatory risks, including uncertainty related to the imposition of new or increased tariffs and the global trade environment more generally. Our businesses operate around the world in various geographic regions and product markets. Additionally, we procure various products, parts, components and services from supplier partners located throughout the world. Our global operations depend on products manufactured, purchased and sold in the U.S. and internationally, including in Australia, Canada, China, Europe, Mexico, New Zealand and the Middle East. The political, economic and regulatory environments in which we operate are becoming increasingly volatile and uncertain. Accordingly, we are subject to multiple risks that are inherent in operating and sourcing globally, including: • Changes to trade agreements, foreign trade policies, sanctions, import and export regulations, including the imposition or threatened imposition of new or increased tariffs, quotas, customs duties and similar restrictions, as well as retaliatory actions that may be imposed by other governments in response to such tariffs or other trade restrictions; • Changes in applicable tax regulations and interpretations; • Economic downturns; • Social and political unrest, instability, national and international conflict, including the conflicts in the Middle East and the war between Russia and Ukraine, border closures, civil disturbances, terrorist acts and other geographical disputes and uncertainties; • Government measures to restrict business activity, for example, to prevent the spread of a communicable disease; • Changes in laws and regulations or imposition of currency restrictions and other restraints in various jurisdictions; • Limitation of ownership rights, including expropriation of assets by a local government, and limitation on the ability to repatriate earnings; • Sovereign debt crises and currency instability in developed and developing countries; • Difficulty in staffing and managing global operations; • Difficulty in enforcing agreements, collecting receivables and protecting assets through non-U.S. legal systems; and • Difficulty in transporting materials, components and products. These risks have increased our cost of doing business in the U.S. and internationally. These risks may also increase our counterparty risk, disrupt our operations, disrupt the ability of suppliers and customers to fulfill their obligations, increase our effective tax rate, increase the cost of our products, limit our ability to sell products and services in certain markets, reduce our operating margin and cash flows and/or negatively impact our ability to compete. Throughout 2025, the U.S. government announced tariffs on imports from several countries from which we manufacture and/or import products and components. In 2025, we have offset inflation due to tariffs with pricing actions. We estimate we source approximately 20-25% of Cost of goods sold from Mexico and less than 5% of Cost of goods sold from China. The degree to 13 Table of Contents which any new or increased tariffs would impact our business and results of operations is largely dependent on factors outside of our control, including the timing, duration and magnitude of their implementation, and responses or retaliatory actions taken by other countries or regions. We can give no assurance that the impact of any tariffs will not have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity or that actions we may take to mitigate the impact of the tariffs will be effective. Currency exchange rate fluctuations have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in currency exchange rates. See "Part II, Item 7A. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk." Approximately 25% of our 2025 Net revenues were derived outside the U.S., and we expect sales to non-U.S. customers to continue to represent a significant portion of our consolidated Net revenues. Although we may enter into currency exchange contracts to reduce our risk related to currency exchange fluctuations, changes in the relative fair values of currencies occur from time to time and in some instances have had a significant impact on our results of operations. We do not hedge against all our currency exposure, and therefore, our results of operations will continue to be susceptible to impacts from currency fluctuations. We also translate assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies into U.S. dollars for our Consolidated Financial Statements based on applicable exchange rates. Consequently, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to other currencies may have a material impact on the value of these items in our Consolidated Financial Statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. Further, certain of our businesses may invoice customers in a currency other than its functional currency, or may be invoiced by suppliers in a currency other than its functional currency, which could result in unfavorable translation effects on these businesses and our results of operations. We may be required to recognize impairment charges for our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets. At December 31, 2025, the net carrying value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets totaled approximately $1.9 billion and $107.2 million, respectively. Pursuant to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), we are required to annually assess our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment. In addition, interim assessments must be performed for these and other long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred. Significant disruptions to our business or end market conditions, protracted economic weakness (including a potential economic downturn or recession), unexpected significant declines in operating results of reporting units, divestitures or market capitalization declines may result in recognition of impairment charges to our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible or other long-lived assets. Any charges relating to such impairments could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations in the periods when recognized. The capital and credit markets are important to our business. Future instability in U.S. and global capital and credit markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity and interest rate volatility or reductions in the credit ratings assigned to us by independent ratings agencies, could reduce our access to capital markets, increase our costs of borrowing or adversely impact our ability to obtain favorable financing terms in the future. In particular, if we are unable to access capital and credit markets on terms that are acceptable to us, we may not be able to execute potential merger and acquisition plans, make other investments or fully execute our business plans and strategy. Our suppliers and customers are also dependent upon the capital and credit markets. Limitations on the ability of customers, suppliers or financial counterparties to access credit could lead to insolvencies of key suppliers and customers, limit or prevent customers from obtaining credit to finance purchases of our products and services, delay institutional, commercial and/or residential construction and remodeling projects and cause delays in the delivery of key products from suppliers. There are risks associated with our outstanding and future indebtedness. We had approximately $2.0 billion of outstanding indebtedness at December 31, 2025. We have a senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Facility") that permits borrowings of up to $1.0 billion. A portion of our cash flows from operations is dedicated to servicing our indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes, including our operations, capital expenditures, payment of dividends, share repurchases or future business opportunities or other strategic investments. At December 31, 2025, we had $190.6 million outstanding on the Revolving Facility, which exposes us to variable interest rate risk. We are also exposed to the risk of continued rising interest rates to the extent we fund our short or long-term financing needs with variable-rate borrowings under the Revolving Facility. If variable base rates under the Revolving Facility increase in the future, our Interest expense could increase as well. For more details about our interest rate exposure under the Revolving Facility, please see Part II. Item 7A. 14 Table of Contents Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control, such as the credit ratings assigned to us by independent ratings agencies or our ability to access capital markets on acceptable terms. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, reduce or eliminate the payment of dividends, sell assets, seek additional capital or seek to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. In such event, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to sell material assets or operations to attempt to meet our debt service and other obligations. If we are not able to maintain compliance with stated financial covenants or if we breach other covenants in any debt agreement, we could be in default under such agreement or trigger a cross-default of other debt instruments. Such a default would adversely affect our credit ratings, may allow our creditors to accelerate the related indebtedness, and may result in the acceleration of any other indebtedness to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. Strategic and Operational Risks Increased competition, including from technological developments, could adversely affect our business. The markets in which we operate include a large number of participants, including multi-national, regional and small, local companies. We primarily compete on the basis of quality, innovation, expertise, effective channels to market, breadth of product offering and price. We may be unable to effectively compete on all these bases. Further, in a number of our product offerings, we compete with our retail customers and technology partners who use their own private labels. If we are unable to anticipate evolving trends in the market or the timing and scale of our competitors’ activities and initiatives, including increased competition from private label brands, the demand for our products and services could be negatively impacted. In addition, we compete in an industry that is experiencing the convergence of mechanical, electronic and digital products. Technology and innovation play significant roles in the competitive landscape. Our success depends, in part, upon the research, development and implementation of new technologies and products including obtaining, maintaining and enforcing necessary intellectual property protections. Securing and maintaining key partnerships and alliances, recruiting and retaining highly skilled and qualified employee talent and having access to technologies, services, intellectual property and solutions developed by others will play a significant role in our ability to effectively compete. The continual development of new technologies, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, by existing and new competitors, including non-traditional competitors with significant resources, could adversely affect our ability to sustain operating margins and desirable levels of sales volumes. To remain competitive, we must develop new products and service offerings and respond to new technologies in a timely manner. Our growth is dependent, in part, on the development, commercialization and acceptance of new products and services. We must develop and commercialize new products and services that meet the varied and evolving needs of our customers and end-users in order to remain competitive in our current and future markets and in order to continue to grow our business. End- users are continually adopting more advanced technologies in their facilities and homes, accelerated by the increasing adoption of IoT technologies and connected devices, which will require us to devote significant effort and resources to the development, maintenance and enhancement of our IT Systems (as defined below) and other infrastructure required to support and/or enhance the functionality of our electronic products and solutions. The speed of development by our competitors and new market entrants is increasing. We cannot provide any assurance that any new product or service will be successfully commercialized in a timely manner, if ever, or, if commercialized, will result in returns greater than our investment. Investment in a product or service could divert our attention and resources from other projects that become more commercially viable in the market. We also cannot provide any assurance that any new product or service will be accepted by the market. Changes in customer and consumer preferences and the inability to maintain beneficial relationships with large customers could adversely affect our business. We have significant customers, particularly major retailers, although no one customer represented 10% or more of our total Net revenues in any of the past three fiscal years. The loss or material reduction of business, either due to a reduction in demand from one or more of our significant customers, or our inability to timely meet any elevated level of customer demand for various reasons, the lack of success of sales initiatives or changes in customer preferences or loyalties for our products related to any such significant customer could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, major customers who are volume purchasers are much larger than us and have strong bargaining power with their suppliers. This limits our ability to recover cost increases through higher selling prices. Furthermore, unanticipated inventory adjustments by these customers can have a negative impact on sales. We also sell our products through various trade channels, including traditional retail and e-commerce channels. If we or our major customers are not successful in navigating the shifting consumer preferences to distribution channels such as e-commerce, our expected future revenues may be negatively impacted. 15 Table of Contents If our products or solutions fail to meet certification and specification requirements, are defective, cause, or are alleged to have caused, bodily harm or injury, or otherwise fall short of end-users' needs and expectations, our business may be negatively impacted. The security and access control product markets we serve often have unique certification and specification requirements, reflecting local regulatory requirements and highly variable end-user needs. While we strive to meet all certification and specification requirements, if any of our products or solutions do not meet such requirements, or contain, or are perceived to contain, defects or otherwise fall short of end-users' needs and expectations, fail to perform as intended, or are otherwise alleged to result in property damage, bodily injury and/or death we may become subject to personal injury lawsuits and/or product liability claims, and if found liable, may incur significant costs, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, electronic security products and solutions are increasingly more sophisticated and technologically complex than the mechanical security products we sell and have an increased risk of design, cybersecurity or manufacturing defects, which could lead to recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory or other assets and significant warranty and other expenses. Product quality issues could also adversely affect the end-user experience, resulting in reputational harm, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and solutions, delay in new product and service introductions and lost sales. Further, adverse publicity, whether or not justified, or allegations of product or service quality issues, even if false or unfounded, could damage our reputation and negatively affect our sales. Our business and innovation strategies include making acquisitions of, and investments in, external companies. These acquisitions and investments could be unsuccessful, consume significant resources or increase our exposure to cybersecurity, data privacy or other regulatory risks, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our long-term growth strategies include the acquisition of businesses or product lines to strengthen our industry position, enhance our existing set of products and services offerings or expand into adjacent markets. However, we cannot provide assurance that we will identify or successfully complete acquisitions with suitable candidates in the future, nor can we provide assurance that completed or future acquisitions will be successful or otherwise achieve the anticipated strategic and financial benefits, including cost and revenue synergies. Acquisitions often place significant demands on management, operational and financial resources, which could decrease management’s capacity to focus on other important business strategies or divert resources from other parts of our business. Further, the success of future or completed acquisitions will depend, in large part, on the successful integration of operations, sales and marketing, information technology, finance and administrative operations. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate these new businesses. Additionally, the financing of future business acquisitions may increase our leverage, impact our credit rating and/or diminish our financial position and ability to re-invest in our existing businesses. Future acquisitions may also be dependent on our ability to access the capital and credit markets to obtain new debt or equity financing to fund the purchase price on terms that are acceptable to us. Some of the businesses we may seek to acquire may be marginally profitable or unprofitable. For these businesses to achieve acceptable levels of profitability, we may need to improve their management, operations, products and market penetration or incur significant capital expenditures. We may not be successful in this regard, the costs of doing so may exceed our original estimates or we may encounter other potential difficulties. Acquisitions also involve numerous other risks, including: • Difficulties in obtaining and verifying the financial statements and other business information of acquired businesses; • Our ability to raise capital on reasonable terms to finance attractive acquisitions; • Inability to obtain regulatory approvals and/or required financing on favorable terms; • Potential loss of key employees, key contractual relationships or key customers of acquired companies or of us; • Difficulties competing in any new markets we may enter; • Assumption of the liabilities and exposure to unforeseen liabilities (including, but not limited to, regulatory, legal and product or personal liability claims) of acquired companies; • Cybersecurity related vulnerabilities or data security incidents that may be present in the IT Systems of acquired companies, or emerge when integrating the acquired company into our IT Systems; • Dilution of interests of holders of our ordinary shares through the issuance of equity securities or equity-linked securities; • Labor disruptions, work stoppages or other employee-related issues, particularly if employees of the acquired companies are represented by labor unions or trade councils; and • Difficulty in integrating financial reporting systems and implementing controls, procedures and policies, including disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting appropriate for public companies of our size at companies that, prior to the acquisition, had lacked such controls, procedures and policies. 16 Table of Contents Further, as part of our innovation strategy, from time to time we invest in start-up companies and/or development stage technology or other companies. In evaluating these opportunities, we follow a structured evaluation process that considers factors such as potential financial returns, new expertise in emerging technology and business benefits. Despite our best efforts to calculate potential return and risk, some or all of the companies we invest in may be unprofitable at the time of, and subsequent to, our investment. We may lose money in these investments, including the potential for future impairment charges on the investments, and the anticipated benefits of the technology and business relationships may be less than expected. We may pursue business opportunities that diverge from our core business. We may pursue business opportunities that diverge from our core business, including expanding our products or service offerings, seeking to expand our products and services into new international markets, investing in new and unproven technologies and forming new alliances with companies to develop and distribute our products and services. We can offer no assurance that any such business opportunities will prove successful. Certain international markets may be slower than our established markets in adopting our services and products, and our operations in such markets may not develop at a rate that supports our level of investment. Among other negative effects, our investment in new business opportunities may exceed the returns we realize. New investments could have higher cost structures than our current business, which could reduce operating margins and require more working capital. In the event that working capital requirements exceed operating cash flow, we may be required to draw on the Revolving Facility or pursue other external financing, which may not be readily available. In addition to the risks outlined above, expansion into certain new markets may require us to compete with local businesses with greater knowledge of the market, including the tastes and preferences of end-users, and higher market shares. Our strategic initiatives, including enterprise excellence efforts among other significant capital expenditure projects, may not achieve the improvements or financial returns we expect. We utilize a number of tools to improve efficiency and productivity. Implementation of new processes to our operations could cause disruptions and may prove to be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than expected. Additionally, from time to time, we undertake substantial capital projects for varying reasons, such as to increase production capacity or to insource certain products, parts or components. We invest in areas we believe best align with our business strategies and that will optimize future returns. However, there can be no assurance that all our planned enterprise excellence projects or other capital expenditures will be fully implemented, or if implemented, will realize the expected improvements or financial returns. We may not be able to effectively manage and implement restructuring initiatives or other organizational changes. We have, from time to time, restructured or made other adjustments to our workforce and manufacturing footprint, and may need to do so in the future, in response to market or product changes, performance issues, changes in strategy, acquisitions and/or other internal or external considerations. These restructuring activities and other organizational changes often result in increased restructuring costs, diversion of management’s time and attention from daily operations, cybersecurity and other operational risks and temporarily reduced productivity. If we are unable to successfully manage and implement restructuring and other organizational changes, we may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of these activities or do so within the expected timeframe. These effects could recur in connection with future acquisitions and other organizational changes, and our results of operations could be negatively affected. The effects of global climate change or other unexpected events, including global health crises, may disrupt our operations and have a negative impact on our business. The effects of global climat

=== ALLE_2026-04-28.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A – Risk Factors There have been no material changes to our risk factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2025. For a further discussion of our Risk Factors, refer to the “Risk Factors” discussion contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2 – Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total number of shares purchased (000s) Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (000s) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs (000s) (a) January 1 - January 31 — $ — — $ — February 1 - February 28 47 159.33 47 152,514 March 1 - March 31 222 148.82 222 119,432 Total 269 $ 150.66 269 $ 119,432 (a) In June 2023, our Board of Directors reauthorized the Company’s ordinary existing share repurchase program and, as a result, authorized the repurchase of up to $500.0 million of the Company’s ordinary shares under the program. On April 15, 2026, the Board replenished the funds available for the repurchase of the Company’s ordinary shares under its existing share repurchase program and, as a result, authorized the repurchase of a total amount of up to $500.0 million of the Company’s ordinary shares under the program. The share repurchase program does not have a prescribed expiration date. Share repurchases may be made from time-to-time in open market, accelerated stock repurchase or privately negotiated transactions, including pursuant to one or more Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The timing and manner of any share repurchase and the actual number of ordinary shares repurchased will be determined at the discretion of management based on a variety of factors, including, among others, the Company’s stock price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other general market and economic conditions. Item 5 – Other Information On March 11, 2026, Nickolas A. Musial, Vice President, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer, entered into a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. The trading plan was established during an open window period and provides for the exercise of 687 stock options and the sale of the underlying shares of the Company’s common stock. Mr. Musial’s trading plan will terminate on February 13, 2027, subject to early termination provisions set forth in plan. 27 Table of Contents Item 6 – Exhibits (a) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description Method of Filing 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Allegion plc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 13, 2016 (File No. 001-35971). 22 Subsidiary Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities Filed herewith. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 32.1 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Filed herewith. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File. Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 28 Table of Contents ALLEGION PLC SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ALLEGION PLC (Registrant) Date: April 28, 2026 /s/ Michael J. Wagnes Michael J. Wagnes, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer Date: April 28, 2026 /s/ Nickolas A. Musial Nickolas A. Musial, Vice President, Controller, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer Principal Accounting Officer 29 