=== NRG_2026-03-18.htm.gz ===
tm261406-2_nonfiling - none - 47.6275595s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 NRG ENERGY, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement March 18, 2026 Fellow Stockholders: We are pleased to invite you to attend NRG Energy, Inc. s Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be held virtually via the Internet at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time on Thursday, April 30, 2026 at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ NRG2026 . Details regarding attendance and the business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting are more fully described in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement. Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we hope you will vote as soon as possible. Information about voting methods is set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement. On behalf of everyone at NRG, I thank you for your ongoing interest and investment in NRG Energy, Inc. We are committed to acting in your best interests. If you have any questions with respect to voting, please call our proxy solicitor, MacKenzie Partners, Inc., at (800) 322-2885 (toll free). Sincerely, Lawrence S. Coben Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board This proxy statement and the proxy card are being distributed on or about March 18, 2026. TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders NRG Energy, Inc. 1301 McKinney Street, Houston, Texas 77010 Date Time Location Record Date Thursday, April 30, 2026 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time Via the internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ NRG2026 Tuesday, March 3, 2026 We are pleased to invite you to join our Board of Directors and senior leadership at the NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. For more information about the Annual Meeting, including how stockholders can ask questions during the Annual Meeting, please see page 117 of the accompanying Proxy Statement. Items of Business 1 To elect ten directors. 2 To approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, NRG Energy, Inc. s executive compensation. 3 To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as NRG Energy, Inc. s independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year. 4 To approve the NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 5 To vote on a stockholder proposal to give shareholders the ability to call for a special shareholder meeting, if properly presented at the meeting. In addition, we may transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting and any adjournment or postponement. Record Date You are entitled to vote if you were a stockholder of record of our common stock at the close of business on March 3, 2026. How to Vote Even if you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting, please vote right away using one of the following advance voting methods. Make sure to have your proxy card or voting instruction form in hand and follow the instructions on the card or form. Via the Internet before the Annual Meeting: You may vote at www.proxyvote.com , from anywhere in the world, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on April 29, 2026. By phone: You may vote 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on April 29, 2026, by calling (800) 690-6903 from a touch-tone phone. By mail: If you received a paper copy of the materials, you may mark, sign, date and mail your proxy card or voting instruction card in the enclosed, postage-paid address envelope, as soon as possible as it must be received by the Company prior to April 30, 2026, the Annual Meeting date. Via the Internet during the Annual Meeting: You can vote electronically during the Annual Meeting. To be admitted to the Annual Meeting, please visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NRG2026 . Stockholders or their legal proxies must enter the 16-digit control number found on their proxy card, voting instructions form, or other proxy materials. You can find instructions for voting online during the virtual Annual Meeting on page 117 of the accompanying Proxy Statement. By Order of the Board of Directors, Christine A. Zoino Corporate Secretary TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Proxy Statement Proxy Statement Highlights 1 Roadmap of Voting Matters 1 2025 Business and Sustainability Highlights 2 Corporate Governance Highlights 3 Executive Compensation Highlights 4 Summary of Director Nominees 5 Questions and Answers 5 Learn More About Our Company 5 Proxy Statement 7 About NRG 8 Company Strategy 8 Governance of the Company 9 Corporate Governance Guidelines and Charters 10 Governance Practices 10 Proxy Access 11 Risk Oversight 11 Board Structure and Leadership 13 Director Independence 14 Board and Committee Evaluations 16 Director Nominee Selection Process 17 Board Skills and Experience 19 Board Composition 20 Director Onboarding and Continuing Education 21 Beyond the Boardroom 21 Board Committees 21 Sustainability at NRG 27 Stockholder and Stakeholder Engagement 35 Communication with Directors 36 Proposals to be Voted 37 Proposal No. 1: Election Of Directors 38 Director Compensation 44 Proposal No. 2: Advisory Vote To Approve Executive Compensation 47 Proposal No. 3: Ratification Of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm For The 2026 Fiscal Year 49 Proposal No. 4: Approval of the NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Long-Term Incentive Plan 51 Proposal No. 5: Stockholder Proposal to Give Shareholders the Ability to Call for a Special Shareholder Meeting 63 NRG Board s Statement in Opposition 64 Executive Officers 66 Stock Ownership of Directors, Named Executive Officers and Certain Beneficial Owners 68 Stock Ownership of Directors and Named Executive Officers 68 Stock Ownership of Principal Stockholders 69 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 69 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 70 Review, Approval, or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 70 Executive Compensation 72 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 72 Compensation Tables and Other Items 93 Compensation Committee Report on Executive Compensation 110 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 110 Audit Committee Report 111 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 112 Questions and Answers 114 Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations for the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 120 APPENDIX A NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Long-Term Incentive Plan A-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Highlights This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement before voting. For more complete information regarding NRG Energy, Inc. s 2025 performance, please review NRG Energy, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Roadmap of Voting Matters Stockholders are being asked to vote on the following matters at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of NRG Energy, Inc. (NRG or the Company): Proposal Board Recommendation Proposal 1. Election of directors (Page 38 ) The Board of Directors (Board) and the Governance and Nominating Committee believe that the ten director nominees possess the necessary qualifications, attributes, skills and experiences to provide independent oversight of the Company s management and effectively oversee the business and the long-term interests of our stockholders. FOR each director nominee Proposal 2. Approval, on a non-binding advisory basis, of NRG s executive compensation (Say on Pay Proposal) (Page 47 ) The Company seeks a non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of its named executive officers for 2025 as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis on pages 72 to 92 , including the compensation tables and applicable narrative discussion on pages 93 to 109 . The Board values stockholders opinions, and the Compensation Committee will take into account the outcome of the Say on Pay Proposal when considering future executive compensation decisions. FOR Proposal 3. Ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as NRG Energy, Inc. s independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year (KPMG Ratification Proposal) (Page 49 ) The Audit Committee and the Board believe that the retention of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the 2026 fiscal year is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. As a matter of good corporate governance, stockholders are being asked to ratify the Audit Committee s selection of KPMG LLP. FOR Proposal 4. Approval of the NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Page 51 ) The Compensation Committee and the Company seek stockholder approval of the NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2026 Plan). On February 1 9 , 2026, the Board adopted the 2026 Plan, subject to approval by our stockholders. If our stockholders approve this Proposal 4, the 2026 Plan will become effective as of the date of the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (April 30, 2026) and no more equity awards will be made under our existing plans: the NRG Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on July 25, 2024 (LTIP), or the NRG Energy, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (Legacy Vivint Plan). The Board believes the adoption and approval of a new plan and the discontinued use of the LTIP and Legacy Vivint Plan will streamline our equity programs and support our ability to attract, retain and motivate key talent while aligning their interests with those of our stockholders. FOR Proposal 5. A stockholder proposal to give shareholders the ability to call for a special shareholder meeting, if properly presented (Special Meeting Proposal) (Page 63 ) The stockholders are being asked to consider a stockholder proposal titled Give Shareholders the Ability to Call for a Special Shareholder Meeting. The Company is not responsible for the content of this stockholder proposal or supporting statement. The Board recommends a vote AGAINST this stockholder proposal, as further explained on p. 64 . AGAINST NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 Business and Sustainability Highlights In 2025, we executed across all our strategic priorities and delivered numerous business successes Strong Performance in Financial Metrics Exceeded top-end of raised guidance across each of our financial metrics, while continuing to execute on our strategic plan LS Power Portfolio Acquisition Closed transformative acquisition of 18 natural gas generation facilities totaling 13 GW of capacity, together with leading C I virtual power plant (VPP) platform, doubling NRG s generation capacity Returning Capital Returned $1.65 billion to stockholders, through $1.3 billion in share repurchases and $350 million in common stock dividends Data Center Power Agreements Executed 445 MW of long-term data center power agreements in Texas and East Leadership Succession Announced planned CEO succession, with Robert J. Gaudette, 25-year NRG veteran to succeed Lawrence Coben as Chief Executive Officer effective April 30, 2026 Advancing Development Obtained low-cost financing across all three Texas Energy Fund projects totaling 1.5 GW of capacity; construction underway NRG is committed to positively affecting the communities in which our customers and employees live and work. Our longstanding commitment to sustainability is summarized below. In addition, the Sustainability at NRG section, beginning on page 27 , further describes our sustainability framework. Environmental People and Communities Governance Recognitions 47% reduction of GHG emissions through 2025 from our 2014 base year 100% of light-duty vehicle procurement will be electric by 2030 net-zero by 2050 ~785 charitable organizations impacted by donations and volunteers ~$8.5MM donated through NRG charitable giving in 2025 23 plants owned and/or operated with zero safety recordable incidents through 2025 Sustainability Governance Framework ensures full NRG Board and committee oversight of sustainability initiatives Sustainability Metrics incorporated into our annual incentive plan World s Best Companies TIME and Statista America s Best Large Employers Forbes 2 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Corporate Governance Highlights We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance, which promote the long-term interests of our stockholders, strengthen Board and management accountability, and help build public trust in the Company. The Governance of the Company section beginning on page 10 describes our corporate governance framework, which incorporates the following principles: Annual election of directors Majority voting for directors in uncontested elections 10 director nominees, of which 9 are independent Proxy access for stockholders to nominate directors Committees consisting solely of independent directors A lead independent director to be appointed in the event the roles of Chair and CEO are held by the same person Broad array of skills, experiences and backgrounds Regular executive sessions of independent directors Risk oversight by full Board and Committees Oversight by the Finance and Risk Management Committee of our data privacy and security practices, cybersecurity-related risks and our cybersecurity program Commitment to sustainability, and oversight of environmental, social and governance matters Anti-hedging and anti-pledging policies Annual Board and committee evaluation process, periodically using a third-party facilitator Robust director onboarding and continuing education programs NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation Highlights The objectives of our executive compensation program are to align executive pay with stockholder value and to incentivize executives to achieve our corporate goals. The Compensation Discussion and Analysis section beginning on page 72 describes our executive compensation program, which incorporates the following principles: Significant portion of executive compensation is at-risk to align with stockholder interests and promote company business strategy through ties to performance metrics Robust stock ownership guidelines, including one-year post-vest holding period for RPSUs granted in 2026 and beyond Engage in a comprehensive performance evaluation process for all named executive officers (NEOs) and annual management succession and leadership development efforts Require above-median performance for vesting of performance-based long-term incentive compensation awards at target NYSE compliant clawback policy and clawback provisions in award agreements Ensure our compensation practices do not encourage undue risk taking Written equity grant policy with predetermined schedule for routine equity grants Double trigger for the payment of cash severance and the vesting of equity upon a change in control Engage an independent compensation consultant to advise on compensation matters 2025 Year in Review Pay for Performance Our strong performance in 2025 drove commensurate results in our Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) and Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP), demonstrating alignment between Company performance and executive compensation. LTIP Results Our 98th percentile Total Shareholder Return (TSR) achievement relative to our performance peer group (the constituents of the S P 500) drove superior results for our NEOs relative performance stock unit (RPSU) awards. AIP Results Achievement of our 2025 financial metrics resulted in Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Free Cash Flow before Growth (Adjusted FCFbG) goals under the AIP to exceed target at 167% and 152%, respectively. 4 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Summary of Director Nominees Name and primary occupation Age Director since Independent Other public company boards Standing Committee membership A C G N F Antonio Carrillo (Lead Independent Director) President and Chief Executive Officer, Arcosa, Inc. 59 2019 YES 1 Matthew Carter, Jr. Former Chief Executive Officer, Intrado Life Safety, Inc. 65 2018 YES 1 Heather Cox President, Insights Empowerment, Zelis Healthcare Inc. 55 2018 YES 0 Elisabeth B. Donohue Former Chief Executive Officer, Publicis Spine 60 2020 YES 1 Marwan Fawaz Former Executive Advisor, Google and Alphabet 63 2023 YES 1 Robert J. Gaudette President, NRG Energy, Inc. 52 N/A NO 0 Sanjay Kapoor Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Spirit AeroSystems, Inc. 65 2026 YES 1 Alexander Pourbaix Chair, Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Cenovus Energy 60 2023 YES 2 Alexandra Pruner Senior Advisor, Perella Weinberg Partners 64 2019 YES 1 Marcie C. Zlotnik Co-Founder, Former Chief Operating Officer and Chair, StarTex Power 63 2023 YES 0 Chair Member A Audit Committee G N Governance and Nominating Committee C Compensation Committee F Finance and Risk Management Committee Questions and Answers Please see the Questions and Answers section beginning on page 114 for important information about the proxy materials, voting and the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Additional questions may be directed to our proxy solicitor, MacKenzie Partners, Inc., at (800) 322-2885 or proxy@mackenziepartners.com. Learn More About Our Company You can learn more about the Company, view our governance materials and much more by visiting our website, www.nrg.com . Information contained on our website is not incorporated into or a part of this Proxy Statement. Please also visit our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders website at www.proxyvote.com to easily access the Company s proxy materials or vote through the Internet. NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS [This Page Intentionally Left Blank] TABLE OF CONTENTS About this Proxy Statement We are providing these proxy materials to you in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors of NRG Energy, Inc. for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Annual Meeting) and for any adjournment or postponement of the Annual Meeting. The Annual Meeting will be held virtually via the Internet on Thursday, April 30, 2026, 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NRG2026. In this Proxy Statement, we, us, our, NRG and the Company refer to NRG Energy, Inc. You are receiving this Proxy Statement because you own shares of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share, that entitle you to vote at the Annual Meeting. By use of a proxy, you can vote whether or not you attend the Annual Meeting. This Proxy Statement describes the matters on which we would like you to vote and provides information on those matters. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on Thursday, April 30, 2026. Each of the Notice of Annual Meeting, this Proxy Statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (Annual Report on Form 10-K) is available at www.proxyvote.com . If you would like to receive, without charge, a paper copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the financial statements and the financial statement schedules, please send your request to Investor Relations, 804 Carnegie Center, Princeton, New Jersey 08540. Forward-Looking Statements. This Proxy Statement contains information that may constitute forward-looking statements. Generally, the words believe, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, project, target, may, will and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which generally are not historical in nature. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. All statements that address operating performance, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future, including statements expressing general views about future operating results, are forward-looking statements. Management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made. However, caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements because such statements speak only as of the date when made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In addition, forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from historical experience and present expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Item 1A Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that are filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS About NRG NRG is a leading provider of electricity, natural gas, and smart home solutions to eight million customers across North America. The company operates a customer-first platform supported by a diversified supply strategy and the safe, reliable operation of approximately 25 GW of power generation. NRG plays a meaningful role in competitive energy markets and our innovative team is creating the flexible and affordable solutions that households and large businesses need today and in the future. NRG sold 154 TWhs of electricity and 1,857 MMDth of natural gas in 2025, making it one of the largest competitive energy retailers in the U.S. As of the end of 2025, NRG had recurring electricity and/or natural gas sales in 25 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and 8 provinces in Canada, and Vivint Smart Home served customers in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. NRG s retail brands, collectively, have the largest share of competitively served residential electric customers in Texas and is a leading business-to-business provider of power and natural gas in North America. Company Strategy NRG s strategy is to maximize stockholder value by delivering integrated energy and smart home solutions, supported by an owned generation fleet and a diversified supply strategy. The Company generates power and sells electricity and natural gas to residential, commercial, industrial, and wholesale customers in the markets it serves. The Company also provides smart home security and automation services that deepen customer relationships and support long-term engagement. NRG operates a customer-first platform that promotes reliability and affordability amid rapid transformation in the energy sector. The Company is advancing opportunities to meet growing demand, including from data centers, other large load customers, the onshoring of manufacturing, and electrification. This includes (i) demand response and virtual power plants ( VPP ), which help manage costs and improve affordability for customers, (ii) completing the Texas Development Projects, (iii) long-term, contract-backed generation and related infrastructure supported by strategic partnerships with equipment manufacturers and engineering, procurement, and construction companies, and (iv) increasing capacity at existing facilities. The Company s differentiated model is built to meet North America s evolving needs while delivering affordable, reliable solutions for customers and long-term growth for stockholders. This strategy is intended to generate recurring cash flow, strengthen earnings and cost competitiveness, and reduce risk and volatility. To effectuate the Company s strategy, NRG is focused on: serving the energy needs of residential, commercial and industrial, and wholesale counterparties in competitive markets and optimizing additional revenue opportunities through its multiple brands and channels; offering a variety of energy products and smart home products and services that are differentiated by innovative, value-additive features, premium service, integrated platforms, sustainability, loyalty/affinity programs, and affordability; delivering excellent operating performance of its assets; achieving the optimal mix of supply to serve its customer load requirements through a diversified supply strategy, including expanding its operational capacity to cost-effectively meet growing retail power supply needs; and engaging in disciplined and transparent capital allocation. 8 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance of the Company Corporate Governance Guidelines and Charters The Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines (Guidelines) that, along with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (Current Certificate of Incorporation), the Sixth Amended and Restated By-laws (By-laws), the charters of the committees of the Board (Committees), and the Lead Independent Director Charter (LID Charter), provide the framework for the governance of the Company. The Board s Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing the Guidelines and recommending any proposed changes to the Board for approval. The Guidelines, together with the charters of all of the Committees, the LID Charter, and the Company s Code of Conduct, are available on the Governance section of the Company s investor relations website at https://investors.nrg.com . In addition, stockholders who desire to receive such items in print may request them from the Company s Corporate Secretary by writing to NRG Energy, Inc., 804 Carnegie Center, Princeton, New Jersey 08540. Governance Practices The Board and Company are committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance practices and principles. The Board has taken a proactive approach in applying leading governance practices to its structure. Furthermore, as described in the Guidelines, the Board follows a series of governance practices that it believes foster effective Board oversight and accountability to you, our stockholders. These practices include: Executive and director stock ownership guidelines to align interests with our stockholders; Annual performance evaluations of the Board and each of its standing Committees, as well as peer feedback for individual directors; Majority vote standard for uncontested director elections and a director resignation policy for any director who fails to receive the requisite majority support; Director orientation and continuing education program, including site visits and information sessions with management; Ongoing succession planning and talent development programs for the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and other senior management, including annual engagement between senior management and the Board regarding personal development plans, successor designation, and assessment of bench strength for key senior leadership positions; Access to and engagement of outside advisors and consultants to assist the Board and the Committees in the performance of their duties, as appropriate; and Active engagement with our stockholders regarding governance practices and other matters. 10 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Access To facilitate engagement with our stockholders, our By-laws provide for proxy access. Under the proxy access provisions in our By-laws, a stockholder (or group of up to 20 stockholders) continuously owning at least 3% of our outstanding common stock for a period of at least three years prior to the date of the nomination may nominate and include in our proxy materials for the following annual meeting director nominees constituting up to 20% of the Board. To do so, the stockholder must submit the information required by Article II, Section 15 of our By-laws to the Company s Corporate Secretary as described further under Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations for the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Director Nominees for Inclusion in the Proxy Materials for the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Proxy Access). Risk Oversight The Board has responsibility for overall risk oversight of the Company. Committees, especially the Finance and Risk Management Committee, play a key role in assisting the Board with its risk oversight role. Risk oversight includes understanding the material risks to the business and what steps management is taking or should be taking to manage those risks, as well as understanding and determining the appropriate risk tolerance for the Company. To help define the Company s risk tolerance, the Board reviews and approves the annual business plan, budget and long-term plan, strategic initiatives, acquisitions and divestitures, and capital allocation plan. The Board performs its risk oversight function in several ways. The Board monitors, reviews and reacts to strategic and corporate risks through reports by management, including the enterprise risk management team, which is further described below, and through the Committees of the Board. The Board also oversees emerging areas of risk, including emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI) technologies ( including generative AI) and machine learning technologies, to ensure proper oversight of management s approach to new and novel risks facing our business. While our full Board is ultimately responsible for oversight of risk management, our committees, in particular, the Finance and Risk Management Committee, critically assist the Board in fulfilling its monitoring responsibilities in certain areas of risk, as summarized below. The Finance and Risk Management Committee oversees our company-wide enterprise risk management. The Company s enterprise risk management team, comprised of senior management and key personnel in and around the finance, commercial operations and risk functions, reports to the Finance and Risk Management Committee on a regular basis. NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Committees Risk Oversight Focus The table below summarizes the significant role the various Committees play in carrying out the risk oversight function. Committee Risk Oversight Focus Area Audit Reviews and evaluates our policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management. Oversees financial risks, which includes reviewing the effectiveness of our SEC internal controls, conducting a detailed review of the financial portions of our SEC reports, approving the independent auditor and the annual audit plan, and receiving and considering periodic reports from our independent auditor, our internal auditor and our corporate compliance officer. Compensation Oversees risks related to our compensation policies and practices, with input from management and Pay Governance LLC (Pay Governance), the Compensation Committee s independent outside compensation consultant. For more information on the Compensation Committee s role with respect to oversight of risks related to compensation policies, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Oversight of Risks Related to Compensation Policies, beginning on page 90 . Finance and Risk Management Oversees risks related to our capital structure, liquidity, financings and other capital markets transactions as well as risks related to our trading of fuel, transportation, energy and related products and services, regulatory compliance, information technology systems, data privacy and security and cybersecurity matters , and the Company s management of the risks associated with such activities. For a detailed discussion of our cybersecurity strategy, please refer to Item 1C Cybersecurity in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Governance and Nominating Oversees our strategies and efforts to manage our environmental, economic and social impacts, including our environmental, climate change, sustainability and political expenditure policies and programs. The Chairs of each of the Committees regularly report to the Board on all matters reviewed by their respective Committees, thereby providing the Board with the opportunity to identify and discuss any risk-related issues or request additional information from management or the Committees that may assist the Board in its risk oversight role. To this end, risk-related issues presented to the Committees are routinely presented to the full Board to ensure proper oversight. 12 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Structure and Leadership Chair of the Board: Lawrence S. Coben (until the Annual Meeting); Antonio Carrillo (after Annual Meeting) Number of regular meetings in 2025: 5 Annual election of directors Majority voting for directors Active engagement by all directors Number of current directors: 11 Number of special meetings in 2025: 4 Lead Independent Director (when Chair and CEO roles are not separated) Regular executive sessions of independent directors Each Committee led by an independent director The Board believes that an effective board leadership structure requires a diversity of experience and skills among directors, as well as a strong working relationship with management. Each director holds office until his or her successor has been elected and qualified or until the director s earlier death, resignation or removal. Dr. Coben currently serves as our CEO and Chair, having stepped down as President on January 7, 2026, and will continue in these roles through April 30, 2026, the date of the Annual Meeting. In connection with his appointment as permanent CEO in August 2024, the Board decided to combine the roles of Chair and CEO after considering various factors, including his long tenure with the Company and on the Board, his in-depth knowledge of the Company s operations and risks, the composition and tenure of the Board, and the Company s governance structure, including its well-functioning Committees composed entirely of independent directors and a strong Lead Independent Director. Mr. Carrillo currently serves as our Lead Independent Director and will continue in this capacity through April 30, 2026, the date of the Annual Meeting. Dr. Coben and Mr. Carrillo work closely together in complementary roles. As CEO, Dr. Coben focuses on the day-to-day operations of the Company and establishes the Company s strategic plan, while Mr. Carrillo, as Lead Independent Director, reviews Board agendas in collaboration with Dr. Coben, and recommends matters for the Board to consider and information to be provided to the Board. Mr. Carrillo also serves as principal liaison between the Chair and the independent directors. Dr. Coben leads the Board s responsibilities for reviewing, approving and monitoring fundamental financial and business strategies and major corporate actions, assessing major risks facing the Company and management, and overseeing succession planning, most notably at the CEO level . H e also presides over the Board and its Committees as they perform their broad and varied oversight functions. The Guidelines provide that non-executive directors meet in executive session regularly following Board meetings. As Lead Independent Director, Mr. Carrillo presides over these sessions. Also, pursuant to the By-laws, Mr. Carrillo has been designated as an alternate member of all Committees to replace any absent or disqualified members of a Committee. Directors are encouraged to attend the annual meetings of stockholders. All of the then sitting directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. During the 2025 fiscal year, each director attended more than 75% of the total number of Board meetings and meetings of the Committees on which they served (during the periods when they served). NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 Leadership Changes In January 2026, the Company announced that Dr. Coben stepped down as President, effective January 7, 2026, and as CEO and Chair, effective April 30, 2026. Dr. Coben will continue to serve as a director until the Annual Meeting and will not stand for re-election to the Board. Mr. Gaudette succeeded Dr. Coben as President, effective January 7, 2026, and will succeed Dr. Coben as CEO effective April 30, 2026, the date of the Annual Meeting. The Board, based upon the recommendation of the Governance and Nominating Committee, is nominating Mr. Gaudette to serve as a director, effective as of this Annual Meeting, subject to stockholder approval. Also on April 30, 2026, Mr. Carrillo, who has served on the Board since 2019, will become Chair of the Board. Because the Chair and CEO roles will be filled by two different individuals following the Annual Meeting, we will no longer have a Lead Independent Director effective as of such time. As stated in the Guidelines, the Board believes it is in the best interest of the Company to determine whether to separate or combine the roles of Chair and CEO based upon the Company s circumstances at any given time. 2026 Board Changes On January 2, 2026, the Company announced the resignation of Mr. Kevin Howell from the Board, to pursue another opportunity. His resignation was not due to any disagreement with the company. On February 3, 2026, the Board, based upon the recommendation of the Governance and Nominating Committee, nominated Mr. Sanjay Kapoor to serve as a director and a member of the Audit Committee on the basis of his public company financial and operational expertise. For Mr. Kapoor s biography, see p. 42 . As part of our ongoing Board succession planning, Secretary E. Spencer Abraham, who has served on the Board since 2012, is not standing for re-election, but he will continue to serve as a director until the expiration of his term at the Annual Meeting. As a result of Secretary Abraham s departure, we will reduce the size of the Board from eleven to ten directors following the Annual Meeting. Director Independence Under the Guidelines and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listing standards, a majority of the Board must be composed of independent directors. The Board determines the independence of our directors by applying the independence principles and standards established by the NYSE. These standards provide that a director is independent only if the Board affirmatively determines that such director does not have a direct or indirect material relationship with the Company, which may include commercial, industrial, consulting, legal, accounting, charitable, familial and other business, professional and personal relationships. The Board conducts a review of the independence of the Company s directors (other than Dr. Coben, our CEO) at least on an annual basis. In its most recent review, the Board considered, among other things: Any employment relationships between the Company and its directors or their immediate family members; Any affiliations of the Company s directors or their immediate family members with the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, compensation consultants, legal counsel and other consultants and advisors; Any transactions that would require disclosure as a related person transaction or that qualify for review under our related person transactions policy; Any transactions made in the ordinary course of business with a company in which a director serves on the board or as a member of the executive management team; 14 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Any transactions involving payments made by the Company to educational or charitable institutions; and Any other factors that may impact the independence of the Company s directors in the view of the Board. In addition, because the Company provides retail electricity services through certain of its subsidiaries, the Board also considered instances where certain of its directors either received electricity or natural gas services from the Company or serve as directors of businesses that received electricity or natural gas services from the Company, and concluded that such transactions, relationships, and arrangements did not impair the independence of the director. The Board has determined that all of the Company s director nominees are, and all those directors who served in 2025 were, independent under the Guidelines and the NYSE listing standards, with the exception of Dr. Coben, our CEO. Each of the Audit, Compensation, Governance and Nominating, and Finance and Risk Management Committees is made up solely of independent directors. In accordance with the Guidelines and NYSE listing standards, all members of the Audit and Compensation Committees meet additional independence standards applicable to audit and compensation committee members, respectively. NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board and Committee Evaluations The Board conducts an annual performance evaluation of the Board as a whole and each of its Committees. All directors are required to assess whether the Board and the Committees are functioning effectively. The evaluation process provides an opportunity for the members of the Board to reflect upon their service and assess the effectiveness of the Board as a whole and each of the Committees in an effort to determine if improvements are warranted. In order to enhance Board effectiveness and continually improve our governance practices, the Governance and Nominating Committee, which is responsible for the overall structure of the evaluation process, uses a third-party facilitator to assist with its annual Board evaluation program. The Governance and Nominating Committee believes that third-party evaluations strengthen Board effectiveness as the third-party facilitator brings broad market insight and an objective, candid perspective on a wide range of governance matters, including board dynamics, structure and composition, information practices, meeting schedules and agendas, decision-making and overall effectiveness. The Governance and Nominating Committee engages a third-party facilitator every other year; it did so in 2025 and plans to do so again in 2027. In years when a third-party facilitator is engaged, such as in 2025, the process entails members of the Board responding to a survey eliciting responses to a broad range of questions regarding the functioning and effectiveness of the Board and its Committees. The third-party facilitator then holds individual sessions with each of the directors to elicit feedback concerning the collective performance of the Board and the Committees on which such director sits, and to gather information about areas where the Board and its Committees may improve effectiveness and performance. These discussion topics include, but are not limited to, the Board s mix of skills, expertise, and experience; the priorities and impact of the Board; the effectiveness of the Committees; the transparency and communication of management with the Board; and specific feedback for other directors. Following completion of the interviews, the third-party facilitator summarizes the responses for a discussion with the Chair of the Governance and Nominating Committee and the Chair of the Board, which is then presented to the full Board for discussion. In addition, the Board also conducted its annual performance evaluation of each Committee using an open-ended questionnaire in which all directors were required to assess the actions taken by each Committee on which the director served during the past year and suggest changes or improvements. The questions gave each director an anonymous opportunity to provide candid observations and affirmative feedback to their peers and management. The feedback from the third-party facilitator, together with the Board s annual performance evaluation of each Committee , helps the Board and Committees identify and consider themes or issues that have emerged, and provide feedback to management. Feedback received regarding individual directors is shared with the Chair of the Governance and Nominating Committee and the individual directors. The Board believes that the evaluation process described above evokes meaningful responses because it provides directors with the opportunity to share feedback in multiple formats at each of the Board, Committee, and individual levels. The process highlights the Board s commitment to continuous self-improvement by identifying issues that may require honest and difficult conversations and supports the Board s nomination and refreshment practices. 16 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominee Selection Process The Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for identifying individuals whom the Committee believes are qualified to be Board members, in accordance with criteria set forth in the Guidelines, as well as the assessment, on an ongoing basis, of the members of the Board for purposes of continued service to the Board and Company. The Governance and Nominating Committee provides its recommendations to the Board for approval based on considerations of certain criteria. Such criteria include an individual s business experience and skills, independence, judgment, integrity, and ability to commit sufficient time and attention to the activities of the Board. Our Guidelines utilize a sliding scale for service on other public company boards, with consideration given to public company leadership roles and outside commitments. A director who also serves as our CEO may not serve on more than one board of a public company in addition to our Board, a director who also serves as Chair of our Board should not serve on more than two boards of public companies in addition to our Board, and other directors should not serve on more than three other boards of public companies in addition to our Board. Each year, in considering the qualifications of potential Board nominees, the Governance and Nominating Committee reviews the number of boards on which the candidate sits, and each of our directors affirmatively disclose the number of public company boards on which they serve in connection with completing their annual director questionnaire. In evaluating potential nominees, the Governance and Nominating Committee does not assign specific weights to particular criteria and no particular criterion is necessarily applicable to all Board members. The Governance and Nominating Committee considers the Company s strategy and the particular skills, experiences and other qualifications that should be represented on the Board as a whole in light of the Company s strategic direction. In addition to the factors listed above, the Governance and Nominating Committee considers an understanding of and experience in the retail and wholesale competitive energy market, customer expertise, finance, operations, and executive leadership. The Governance and Nominating Committee also assesses whether a nominee s background, experience, personal characteristics, or skills will advance the Board s goal of creating and sustaining a Board that can provide effective oversight of management s execution of the Company s strategic priorities. The Board takes into account all of these factors when evaluating the Governance and Nominating Committee s recommendations. NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS Listed below are summaries of specific qualifications that the Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board believe should be represented on the Board among other qualifications that a director may bring. Executive Leadership Experience as a C-level executive with a public company, or as a division president functional leader or operations executive within a complex organization Relevant Business Experience Contributes to the Board s understanding of the Company s business strategy, operations, key performance indicators and competitive environment Human Capital Management/Talent Contributes to the board s ability to attract, motivate and retain executive talent; experience managing a human resources/compensation function, directing strategies leveraging human capital, managing inclusion efforts, implementing talent management and succession planning regimes and establishing culture Cyber Security, Technology and Digital Innovation Experience in information security, data privacy and cybersecurity, and the use of technology to facilitate business operations as the company focuses on transforming the customer experience Corporate Governance Experience serving as a public company director, or with a demonstrated understanding of current corporate governance standards and best practices in public companies Regulatory/Policy/Compliance Contributes to the Board s ability to interpret regulations and understand complex legal matters and public policy issues Environmental/Sustainability/Corporate Responsibility Experience in management of environmental, corporate responsibility and sustainability initiatives and their relationship to the company s business and strategy Risk Management Contributes to the identification, assessment and prioritization of risks facing the Company Finance/Accounting Knowledge of finance, accounting or financial reporting, and experience with debt and capital markets transactions. M A Experience with M A transactions as an executive or director Customer Service Oversight of a business or business operations that focus on meeting customer expectations and managing the customer experience Branding/Marketing Experience in marketing, branding, and digital strategy; social media and consumer-facing initiatives The Governance and Nominating Committee s process for identifying and evaluating director nominees includes consultation with all directors, solicitation of proposed nominees from all directors, the engagement of one or more professional search firms, if deemed appropriate, interviews with prospective nominees by the Committee (and other directors, if deemed appropriate) and recommendations regarding qualified candidates to the full Board. As noted above, the Board is continually evaluating the need for Board refreshment and has been focused on identifying individuals whose skills and experiences will enable them to make meaningful contributions to the Company in light of the Company s evolving strategy and direction. The Board also aims to strike a balance between the knowledge and understanding of the business that comes from longer-term service on the Board with the ideas and perspectives that can come from adding new members. 18 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Skills and Experience Our director nominees represent a diverse mix of skills, experiences and viewpoints that are relevant to our Company and facilitate effective oversight. To illustrate the complementary nature of each director nominee s skills and experience, the table below identifies six primary skills and experiences that the director nominees bring to the Board. In identifying these skills and experiences, each director nominee is limited to selecting six such areas. The table below therefore does not include all of the skills, experiences, and qualifications that each director nominee offers, and even though a particular skill, experience, or qualification is not listed, a director nominee may yet possess that skill, experience, or qualification. We believe that identifying six primary skills and experiences is a more meaningful presentation of the complementary contributions and value that each director nominee brings to their service on the Board and to the Company s stockholders. See Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors for the biographies of our director nominees and a description of the skills and viewpoints that each director nominee brings to bear in their service to the Board and Committees. NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS Board Composition The Board is committed to building a diverse and experienced membership with the requisite skills to provide exceptional leadership to the Company. Our Guidelines specify that the Governance and Nominating Committee seeks to achieve a diversity of skills, experiences and backgrounds on the Board. The differences in experience and expertise enable the Board to hear complementary perspectives from its members, which we believe enhances our decision-making, risk oversight, and performance. 20 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Onboarding and Continuing Education Half of our non-executive directors joined the Board since 2020, and nine of our ten non-executive directors joined within the last seven years, bringing with them new and diverse perspectives and leadership skills in strategically important areas. Given these relatively recent changes to our Board composition, we are committed to implementing thoughtful director orientation, board refreshment, and succession planning programs, so as to ensure that our newest directors are well-equipped to contribute fresh perspectives, effectively lead in strategically important areas, and safeguard the long-term interests of our stockholders. Our Governance and Nominating Committee oversees the Company s new director orientation program and continuing education program for existing directors. Our new director orientation program has three components. First, new directors receive background information about the Company, which includes a copy of our director handbook containing all relevant Company policies, selected earnings materials and transcripts, and the Company s most recent SEC filings and sustainability report. Second, our new directors attend orientation sessions with each of the business and functional leads in order to familiarize themselves with the Company s business and operations as well as the senior members of the management team. These orientation sessions include both in office meetings and site visits. Third, new directors engage in one-on-one sessions with Committee chairs and other Board members to review and discuss information about the Company, the business, the boardroom, and individual director roles and responsibilities. The Governance and Nominating Committee annually reviews the director onboarding policy. Members of the Board are encouraged to participate in presentations and trainings as part of NRG s continuing education program to stay informed on current topics of interest. These trainings include in boardroom sessions on topics of interest, or directors can select and participate in external education sessions of their choice. Beyond the Boardroom Members of the Board also participate in engagement opportunities outside of Board meetings, which allows them to gain greater insight into the Company s businesses and industries. Engagement outside of Board meetings also allows directors to gain a deeper understanding of NRG s strategic goals, as well as the performance of the Company, our President and CEO and other members of management, and the Board as a whole. Directors hold individual discussions among themselves and with our CEO, along with informal individual and small group meetings with our President and other members of senior management. This practice allows members of the Board to gain insight into NRG s management development program and to assist with the Board s oversight of succession planning. Board Committees The Board has the following four standing Committees: Audit, Compensation, Governance and Nominating, and Finance and Risk Management. The membership and the functions of each Committee are described below. Each of the standing Committees has adopted a charter that describes each such Committee s roles and responsibilities. The charters of all of the standing Committees are available on the Governance section of the Company s investor relations website at https://investors.nrg.com . NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS Audit Committee Current Members: Alexandra Pruner (Chair), Sanjay Kapoor, Alexander Pourbaix and Marcie C. Zlotnik Number of regular meetings in 2025: 4 Number of special meetings in 2025: 0 Audit Committee Financial Experts: Sanjay Kapoor, Alexandra Pruner and Marcie C. Zlotnik Primary Responsibilities: Appoints, retains, oversees, evaluates, and compensates the independent auditors; reviews the annual audited and quarterly consolidated financial statements; and reviews major issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentations Independence: All members The Audit Committee represents and assists the Board with respect to matters involving the accounting, auditing, financial reporting, internal controls, and legal compliance functions of the Company and its subsidiaries, including assisting the Board in its oversight of the integrity of the Company s financial statements, the qualifications, independence, and performance of the Company s independent auditors, the performance of the Company s internal audit function, the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and effectiveness of the Company s legal and regulatory compliance functions. Among other things, the Audit Committee: appoints, retains, oversees, evaluates, and compensates the independent auditors; reviews the annual audited and quarterly consolidated financial statements; reviews major issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentations; reviews earnings press releases and earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies; reviews with the independent auditors the scope of the annual audit, and approves all audit and permitted non-audit services provided by the independent auditors; considers the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company s internal control and reporting system; with the advice and assistance of the Finance and Risk Management Committee, reviews in a general manner the processes by which the Company assesses and manages risk; provided, however, the Audit Committee is not required to duplicate the work of the Finance and Risk Management Committee; reviews periodically the Company s tax policies and any pending audits or assessments; reports regularly to the Board regarding its activities and prepares and publishes required annual Audit Committee reports; establishes procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints and concerns regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, or auditing matters; oversees the internal audit and corporate compliance functions; and annually evaluates the performance of the Audit Committee and the adequacy of its charter. 22 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Committee Current Members: Alexander Pourbaix (Chair), Antonio Carrillo, Matthew Carter, Jr., Heather Cox, and E. Spencer Abraham Number of regular meetings in 2025: 4 Number of special meetings in 2025: 1 Primary Responsibilities: Oversees the Company s overall compensation structure, policies, and programs Independence: All members The Compensation Committee oversees the Company s overall compensation structure, policies, and programs. Among other things, the Compensation Committee: reviews and recommends to the Board annual and long-term goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the President and CEO, evaluates the performance of the President and CEO in light of those goals and objectives, and determines, approves, and recommends to the Board for approval the compensation level of the President and CEO based on such evaluation; reports to the Board its review of annual and long-term goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), the Executive Vice Presidents and any other officer designated by the Board, evaluates those officers performance in light of those goals and objectives, determines and approves compensation levels based on such evaluations and reviews and approves employment arrangements, severance arrangements and benefits plans; reviews and recommends to the Board the compensation, incentive compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to Board approval; reviews and approves stock incentive awards for executive officers other than the President and CEO; makes recommendations regarding, and monitors compliance by officers and directors with, the Company s stock ownership guidelines; reviews and recommends to the Board the compensation of directors for service on the Board and its Committees; annually reviews the Company s CEO and senior management succession plans; reviews and approves employment agreements and severance arrangements, benefit plans not otherwise subject to Board approval, and corporate goals and objectives for officers other than the President and CEO; reviews and discusses with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD A) to be included in the Company s proxy statement or annual report on Form 10-K, and based on such review and discussions, recommends to the Board that the CD A be included in the Company s proxy statement or annual report on Form 10-K, as applicable; evaluates any conflicts of interest and the independence of any outside advisors engaged by the Compensation Committee; NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS reviews and oversees the Company s overall compensation strategy, structure, policies, programs, risk profile and any stockholder advisory votes on the Company s compensation practices and assesses whether the compensation structure establishes appropriate incentives for management and employees; annually evaluates the performance of the Compensation Committee and the adequacy of its charter; and performs such other responsibilities as may be delegated to it by the Board from time to time that are consistent with its purpose. The Compensation Committee may delegate to one or more subcommittees such power and authority as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate. No subcommittee shall consist of fewer than two members, and the Compensation Committee may not delegate to a subcommittee any power or authority that is required by any law, regulation or listing standard to be exercised by the Compensation Committee as a whole. The Compensation Committee has the authority to retain at the expense of the Company such outside counsel, experts, and other advisors as it determines appropriate to assist it in the full performance of its functions, including sole authority to retain and terminate any compensation consultant used to assist the Compensation Committee in the evaluation of directors, or, if applicable, CEO or senior executive compensation, and to approve the consultant s fees and other retention terms. Pay Governance, the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant for fiscal year 2025, assisted with executive pay decisions and worked with the Compensation Committee to formulate the design of the executive compensation program for 2025 as well as the design of the 2026 LTIP. Governance and Nominating Committee Current Members: Matthew Carter, Jr. (Chair), Heather Cox, Elisabeth B. Donohue, Marwan Fawaz and Marcie C. Zlotnik Number of regular meetings in 2025: 4 Number of special meetings in 2025: 2 Primary Responsibilities: Recommends director candidates and provides guidance on governance related matters Independence: All members The Governance and Nominating Committee recommends director candidates to the Board for election at the annual meetings of stockholders, periodically reviews the Guidelines and recommends changes to the Board, and provides guidance to the Board with respect to governance related matters. Among other things, the Governance and Nominating Committee: identifies and reviews the qualifications of potential nominees to the Board consistent with criteria approved by the Board, and assesses the contributions and independence of incumbent directors in determining whether to recommend them for re-election; establishes and reviews procedures for the consideration of Board candidates recommended by the Company s stockholders; makes recommendations to the Board concerning the structure, composition, and functioning of the Board and its Committees; 24 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS reviews and assesses the channels through which the Board receives information, and the quality and timeliness of information received; reviews and recommends to the Board retirement and other tenure policies for directors; reviews and approves Company policies applicable to the Board, the directors and officers subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act); reviews the Company s policies regarding related person transactions and conflicts of interest, and approve and ratify any related person transactions in accordance with applicable policies; recommends to the Board director candidates for the annual meeting of stockholders, and candidates to be elected by the Board as necessary to fill vacancies and newly created directorships; oversees the Company s strategies and efforts to manage its environmental, economic and social impacts, including, but not limited to, the Company s environmental, climate change and sustainability policies and programs; oversees, in conjunction with a third-party (every other year), the evaluation of the Board, each of its Committees and management; annually monitors directorships in other public companies held by directors and senior officers of the Company; reviews the Company s political contribution policy and the Company s memberships in trade associations or other business associations that engage in lobbying activities or make independent expenditures relating to political campaigns or initiatives; reviews the Company s charitable giving policy; oversees the orientation process for new directors and programs for the continuing education of existing directors; annually evaluates the performance of the Governance and Nominating Committee and the appropriateness of its charter; and performs such other responsibilities as may be delegated to it by the Board from time to time that are consistent with its purpose. Finance and Risk Management Committee Current Members: Elisabeth B. Donohue (Chair), Marwan Fawaz, and Alexandra Pruner Number of regular meetings in 2025: 4 Number of special meetings in 2025: 0 Primary Responsibilities: Oversight of trading, power marketing and risk management issues Independence: All members The Finance and Risk Management Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities with respect to the oversight of trading, power marketing and risk management issues at the Company, and reviews and approves certain financial transactions. Among other things, the Finance and Risk Management Committee: NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS reviews, reports and makes recommendations to the Board on management recommendations or proposals regarding the Company s and its subsidiaries : (i) capital structure, (ii) liquidity, (iii) need for credit or debt or equity financing, (iv) amounts, timing and sources of capital market transactions, and (v) financial hedging and derivative activities; reviews and approves, or authorizes officers to approve, the pricing and other terms and conditions of transactions relating to debt or equity financings, financial hedging and derivatives activities, and other similar financial activities, in each case which have been reviewed and approved by the Board; reviews and approves, or authorizes officers to approve, repurchases, early redemption or other similar actions with respect to the Company s securities; reviews and approves, or authorizes officers to approve, the pricing and other terms and conditions of financing transactions related to mergers, acquisitions, tender offers, and reorganizations which have been reviewed and approved by the Board; reviews and approves, or authorizes officers to approve, the pricing and other terms and conditions of securities offerings which have been reviewed and approved by the Board; approves determinations of the fair market value of assets and investments of the Company for purposes of the Company s note indentures, senior secured credit agreement or other similar financing documents where fair market value is required to be determined by the Board or by a Committee of the Board; reviews with management, on a periodic basis, contributions to employee benefit retirement plans of the Company, investment performance, funding, asset allocation policies and other similar performance measures of the employee benefit retirement plans of the Company; oversees the Company s policies and procedures established by management to assess, monitor, manage and control the Company s material risk exposures, including operational, business, financial and commodity market (including marketing and trading of fuel, transportation, energy and related products and services, and hedging of generation portfolio obligations), strategic, credit, liquidity, climate change-related and reputational risks; oversees matters related to the security of and risks related to information technology systems and procedures, including the Company s data privacy and security practices, cyber-security program and cyber-related risks; advises and assists the Audit Committee in its review of the processes by which management and the Committee assess the Company s exposure to risk; approves, as appropriate, the Company s power marketing and trading transactions, limits, policies, practices and procedures, and counter-party credit limit and policies, and approves exceptions to policies, as necessary; reviews and approves transactions exceeding the President and CEO s individual authority limits under the Company s risk management policies; annually evaluates the performance of the Finance and Risk Management Committee and the appropriateness of its charter; and performs such other responsibilities as may be delegated to it by the Board from time to time that are consistent with its purpose. 26 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Sustainability at NRG NRG is committed to positively affecting the communities in which our customers and employees live and work and reducing our environmental impact while helping to ensure the long-term reliability, competitiveness, and success of NRG. We believe that integrating sustainability into our decisions helps position the business for long-term success, while managing risks and maintaining the trust of customers and communities. At NRG, we provide our customers with cleaner energy choices to match their preferences and help reduce the overall impacts associated with the use of our products. This includes providing sustainable energy solutions to customers, optimizing our generation on an ongoing basis, reducing the carbon footprint of our operations, leveraging cleaner energy technologies such as battery storage, cleaner natural gas products, and the incorporation of renewables. Additionally, we aim to empower our employees to reach their full potential and contribute meaningfully to our collective success. We support the advancement of our employees through health, safety, personal and professional growth, and workforce initiatives where all voices are heard and valued. We have a long history of sustainability initiatives and disclosures, beginning in 2009 when we submitted our first report to the Climate Disclosure Project (now known as CDP). Since then, we have promoted transparency and reported on our efforts, as illustrated in the timeline below. NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Sustainability Governance Board of Directors At NRG, we have adopted an integrated governance approach to the oversight of sustainability issues. Our full Board has ultimate responsibility for climate risk oversight as a component of the Company s business strategy. The Committees are then structured to conduct more in-depth reviews of specific sustainability issues, with the Governance Nominating Committee formally responsible for the Company s sustainability policies and programs. The rationale for formalizing the governance structure for climate and other sustainability-related issues is to ensure that the Board and its Committees are ensuring that all material risks to the company are mitigated and for guiding NRG s pursuit of significant business opportunities. Sustainability is formally included as an agenda item at a full Board meeting and is discussed separately by the Governance and Nominating Committee at least once per year. In addition, sustainability-related matters are also discussed at other Board and Committee meetings as the context requires. For example, the Compensation Committee regularly discusses sustainability-related compensation metrics in the context of annual compensation plan design and achievement of compensation plan metrics. 28 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Management Responsibility for our overall approach begins with our CEO, who is tasked with reviewing all sustainability-related strategies, goals, and metrics, which are then finalized and approved by the Board before implementation. Sustainability strategy development, implementation, and reporting are led by our Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) and a dedicated corporate sustainability team. In particular, our corporate sustainability team is responsible for developing our climate-related policy positions, coordinating between policy and commercial initiatives, engaging with stakeholders, and advising on decarbonization pathways for the Company as well as business and residential low-carbon energy solutions. NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS Customers Our expertise brings residential and business customers closer to achieving their energy, budgetary, and sustainability goals through a range of retail electricity plans, tailored demand response programs, active energy management tools, and energy efficiency consulting and products. Across our retail brands, such as NRG, Reliant, Direct Energy, and Green Mountain Energy, we offer zero-emission or low-emission retail electricity rate plans and carbon offsets. When paired with smart home technologies from our Vivint brand, our retail energy products and services unlock value at the intersection of energy and smart home, help grow NRG s residential VPP, and give customers a tool to manage and lower their energy costs. We also provide energy load reduction through demand response programs to support large customers energy management and enable grid stability in times of high demand. Our team delivers reliable, competitively priced natural gas supply and related solutions to companies, state and local governments, and households, helping them achieve their goals. We also work to help reduce the carbon impact of gas consumption through high-quality carbon offsets and renewable natural gas (RNG) products. We expect natural gas to become less carbon intensive over time through advancements in emerging lower carbon and/or methane gas forms such as RNG and certified natural gas . We are continuously evaluating renewable and storage opportunities, as well as reviewing new technologies and pilot programs. This approach allows us to stay agile and meet customer needs for sustainable energy solutions while also supporting our business strategy. Human Capital Employees power the work of NRG. We provide comprehensive compensation and benefits to our colleagues, including employees represented by labor unions, as well as tools and resources to help them thrive in their personal lives and grow in their careers. We negotiate with labor unions in good faith and are proud of the cooperative relationships we have built together over the years. Safety The safety of our employees is of paramount importance to us. Responsibility for safety is instilled at every level. To further this culture, we have adopted a Safety-Over-Production policy, which empowers any of our colleagues to take actions necessary to comply with safety rules and requirements, even if these actions result in reduced production at our facilities. Given our strong focus on employee involvement, we continue to perform well in safety. We finished the year with an injury rate of 0.24, better than the top decile in the industry. For 2025, Vivint Smart Home safety performance was better than the industry average when measured against relevant, industry-specific benchmarks, with a recordable injury rate of 2.07 compared to the Bureau of Labor Statistics median of 2.50. 30 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Employee Engagement Our values are the foundation of our culture, shaping how we collaborate toward our shared vision. In 2025 we introduced new company values that not only reflect who we are today, but who we aspire to be, shaping the way we work together toward our vision. By connecting our beliefs to behaviors, we can better align our decisions, creating a unified team that fuels our success. These values are equally important, complementary and balanced, familiar and aspirational, and foundational. Do What s Right: We care for our people and our conduct. At our core, we believe it is our shared responsibility to ensure the safety, inclusion, and well-being of our teammates while acting with integrity. Win Together: We deliver results driven by unmatched teamwork. We believe teams built on shared trust and accountability will bring collective success that outperforms individual achievements. Wow Them: We delight our people, customers and communities. We believe in creating lasting value and delivering meaningful experiences for our teammates, customers and stakeholders. Stay Curious: We wonder, ask, listen and learn. We believe agility, growth and innovation are fueled by challenging ourselves, embracing open-mindedness, and actively listening. Be Direct: We build trust with candor, care and authenticity. We believe clear communication, constructive conflict, and actionable feedback paired with trust and respect are key to improvement. Bring Passion: We have fun pursuing our purpose. We believe our spirit, enthusiasm, creativity and courage powers a brighter future together. At NRG, we re committed to fostering an environment where everyone feels valued and connected where employees appreciate each other s contributions and help one another grow both personally and professionally. One of the core ways we connect employee networks, groups, and communities is through NRG Sparks, formerly known as Business or Employee Resource Groups, which were refreshed in 2025. Sparks are employee-led, voluntary, and available to all full and part-time employees. These groups bring together individuals with shared interests to foster learning, provide mutual support, and build community at NRG. Here, we celebrate the value of different perspectives, meaningful conversations, and shared experiences that ignite us to build a better future together. Additionally, to recognize employees positive contributions to our corporate culture and the communities where we live and work, we continued our enterprise-wide Impact Awards. The NRG Impact Awards highlight employees who embody our purpose and live out our values in three award categories: Volunteer of the Year, Community Champion, and Purpose on Point. NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS We are also honored to be recognized for our ongoing commitment to fostering an evolving, forward-thinking workplace with accolades such as the Vets Indexes 4 Star Employer Award. These achievements reflect our dedication to continuous growth, innovation, and creating an environment where all individuals can thrive. Talent Development We deploy various talent development strategies and programs to develop leaders who can execute on our strategy and drive value for all stakeholders. The Board of Directors regularly engages with management on leadership development and succession planning, including providing feedback on development plans and bench strength for key senior leader positions. In 2025, we launched several development tools like the career development launch pad and LinkedIn Learning, seeing robust usage among employees. Employees have access to online training curriculum that covers topics such as leadership, communication and productivity. During 2025, more than 1,400 employees at different levels participated in facilitated training sessions. We also continued our annual Emerging Executive Leaders Program to strengthen the identified pipeline of future executives and create a cohort of high potential candidates to work on active company challenges or opportunities. Additionally, we expanded a front-line leader program called Peak Leadership to the entire company with the intent to onboard first-level leaders into their leadership role in select business units. We have a performance management tool that emphasizes a continuous feedback loop, with 97% of employees completing a midyear 2025 check in. Total Rewards We seek to provide market - competitive compensation and benefits benchmarked against the industries in which the Company operates: energy, consumer services and, where appropriate, the entire market. To ensure incentives are properly aligned with business needs and can attract and retain qualified employees, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors actively reviews NRG s total rewards programs, including benchmarking, risk assessment, and program design. NRG offers full-time employees incentives designed to motivate and reward success, and it continues to evaluate its benefits and offerings taking into consideration the needs of its employees to ensure they are competitive and best serve its employees. Every two years, NRG engages an independent third party to benchmark its compensation and benefits programs against its peers and report the results to the Compensation Committee . For several years, we have invested in the well-being of our employees and their families by providing programs that holistically support their physical, emotional, social, and financial wellness. Through these programs, we empower employees to take control of their well-being and focus on what matters most to them for a healthy, secure future. We include well-being goals as a metric in our AIP, ensuring participants are motivated to improve their overall well-being. We actively provide employees with virtual, hybrid, and in-person health and wellness activities. Throughout 2025, we hosted a wide variety of well - being initiatives from mental health to summer safety and continued our on-site preventive health clinics. We also continued our regional pop-up clinics at our larger locations, making preventative care more convenient than ever. We continued our annual survey of employees on well-being. In 2025, we continued our enhanced annual employee engagement survey to deepen our insight into the drivers of engagement and trained leaders on how to see insights specific to their teams. Business leaders partner with the Talent Culture team to identify initiatives that serve the needs and priorities coming from these surveys. We continued our support of employees by partnering with the National Council for Behavioral Health to initiate our Mental Health First Aid program. This program safely, respectfully, and effectively opens the conversation about mental illness and addiction, encourages employees to recognize and take responsibility 32 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS for their mental health, teaches managers to recognize and speak to employees about mental health concerns, and complements and supports existing benefit and wellness programs and company policies and procedures. Community and Philanthropy We are committed to positively impacting people, communities, and the environment. Our social responsibility efforts reflect what it means to lead by example in our industry and our desire to make the world brighter. Through NRG s philanthropic program, positiveNRG, we create a workplace that empowers employees by supporting communities, causes, and organizations they elect to champion. The platform offers multiple touchpoints that allow for engagement with non-profit organizations via volunteering and donations and internal employee team building. In 2025, positiveNRG Impact Week, our annual week of giving, continued to focus on strengthening food security with employees across the United States and Canada packing over one million meals for individuals facing hunger. The event brought together thousands of employees across 41 communities in the United States and Canada to pack, sort, and prepare over 2 million meals for local nonprofits serving individuals and families in need. In addition to packing meals, NRG committed $400,000 to local food banks and hunger relief organizations. This initiative was about more than reaching a goal; it reflected the commitment embedded in our DNA as a company to provide support where it s needed most. For the 20th year of Reliant s Beat the Heat program, nearly 1,300 cooling devices were distributed across 40 Texas centers to help keep vulnerable residents cool during extreme temperatures. The Beat the Heat program provides communities a practical way to stay comfortable while also reducing electricity use during the hottest days of the year. In December 2025, NRG employees wrapped over 3,000 gifts and delivered holiday cheer to underserved families across 90 locations nationwide through programs like Sub for Santa, hosted by Vivint Gives Back, Navidad En El Barrio, Toys for Tots, and the Daisie Foundation. Through these events employees were able to bring the joyful spirit of the season to life for families and children in need. 1 Inclusive of all monetary, in-kind and TeamNRG donations. Does not include employee donations. NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Environment Goals and Progress 1 From a 2014 base year. We integrate environmental considerations into strategic and operational decisions. We have demonstrated our commitment by reducing our environmental impact in several areas. Our annual SOx and NOx air emissions have declined significantly since 2014. In addition, we established 2-degree Celsius-aligned greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction goals in 2015. At that time, our goals were to reduce GHG emissions by 50% by 2030 and 90% by 2050. In 2019, NRG accelerated its goals. These updated goals targeted a 50% reduction by 2025 from our 2014 base year and net-zero emissions by 2050, encompassing scope 1, scope 2, and the employee business travel portion of scope 3 emissions. The chart to the right reflects NRG s domestic generation portfolio, including assets accounted for through equity method investments, but excluding remaining renewables activity. Prior year information on U.S. CO 2 e emissions and U.S. generation was adjusted to remove divested assets. From the current 2014 base year through 2025, NRG s directly controlled CO 2 e emissions decreased from 57 million metric tons to 30 million metric tons. The decrease is attributed to reductions in fleet-wide annual net generation and an overall market-driven shift away from coal as a primary fuel to natural gas. Although NRG achieved a greater than 50% reduction in emissions in 2023 and 2024, we achieved a 47% reduction in 2025 due to volatility within the power markets, driven by market conditions. As we serve our customers during this time of power demand growth, we remain focused on reducing the carbon intensity of our generation fleet while continuing to meet our customers power needs. In 2021, we began collaborating with Climate Group EV100, a global network of corporate leaders driving the transition to zero-emission road transport. In line with new EV100 guidance, we are working to electrify our fleet and make 100% of all new vehicle purchases electric by 2030. As part of this journey, we ve conducted a detailed analysis of our fleet s conversion readiness and began piloting electric vehicles (EVs) wherever possible. 34 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Environmental Management and Operations Since environmental responsibility is instilled at every level of NRG, we have an Environment-Over-Production policy, which empowers our colleagues to take necessary actions to comply with environmental requirements even if such actions result in reduced production at our facilities. As part of our ongoing operations, NRG complies with numerous environmental requirements. In addition, we carefully measure and track compliance with environmental requirements and our own more stringent standards using Environmental Key Performance Indicators (EKPIs) so that we can improve continually. These measures are reported internally to management and our Board and externally in our annual sustainability report. Environmental Performance Metric % of base year (lower is better) * Base year totals have been recalculated to reflect the composition of the NRG generation fleet. In some cases, that has resulted in differences from percentages previously reported. Does not include impact from 738 MW of assets acquired from Rockland in May 2025. Our EKPI metric counts environmental incidents such as reportable spills, permit deviations, and receipt of Notices of Violation. Fewer incidents result in a lower score. The chart above shows the Company s annual EKPI score as a percentage of base year 2014, which is indexed to 100%. Supply Chain Our supply chain initiatives include evaluating risks and opportunities in our purchased goods and services, enhancing the ways we select suppliers, developing strong manufacturing standards and internal policies, and promoting environmental disclosure practices for those with whom we do business. The importance we place on supply chain transparency has also led us to pursue external collaboration with other companies in our sector through organizations such as the Natural Gas Supply Collaborative, a voluntary collaborative of natural gas purchasers, which promotes safe and responsible practices for natural gas supply. NRG has a robust Supplier Code of Conduct as well as a Human Rights and Social Responsibility in Manufacturing Standards Policy. We require all contract manufacturers (including subcontractors) to adhere to this policy. Third-party audits are conducted regularly, and we report the results of such third-party manufacturing audits to the Audit Committee. Stockholder and Stakeholder Engagement We have a robust outreach program in which we discuss with our stockholders and stakeholders our business strategy and sustainability goals, as well as seek their feedback on our governance, sustainability, and compensation practices. We greatly value the views of our stockholders, which are communicated to the Board and have in the past driven changes to our governance and compensation practices. During 2025, one or more members of management spoke with stockholders representing more than two-thirds of our shares outstanding. In the fall of 2025, as part of our annual outreach campaign, members of our Legal, Sustainability, Investor Relations, and/or Executive Compensation teams met with over twenty of our stockholders to discuss numerous topics, including business strategy, performance, executive compensation (including the RPSU NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS amendment, as discussed further on p. 85 ), and Board composition. The Chair of our Compensation Committee also participated in certain meetings with stockholders regarding executive compensation matters. Additionally, we conduct off-season engagement sessions throughout the year to address various topics of our stockholders and stakeholders choosing. Our engagement program, taken as a whole, enables us to maintain an ongoing dialogue and ensures alignment between our governance and sustainability practices and evolving expectations. Communication with Directors Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with the Board by writing to the Corporate Secretary, NRG Energy, Inc., 804 Carnegie Center, Princeton, New Jersey 08540. Communications intended for a specific director or directors should be addressed to their attention to the Corporate Secretary at the address provided above. Communications received are forwarded directly to Board members as part of the materials mailed in advance of the next scheduled Board meeting following receipt of the communications. The Board has authorized the Corporate Secretary, in her discretion, to forward communications on a more expedited basis if circumstances warrant or to exclude a communication if it is illegal, unduly hostile or threatening, or otherwise inappropriate. Advertisements, solicitations for periodical or other subscriptions, and other similar communications generally will not be forwarded to the directors. 36 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our By-laws provide that the number of directors will be determined by the Board . T he number of directors is currently set at eleven and will be reduced to ten following the Annual Meeting . Each director will hold office until his or her successor has been elected and qualified or until the director s earlier death, resignation, or removal. Each of the nominees for director named in this Proxy Statement have been recommended and nominated by the Governance and Nominating Committee. The persons named as proxies on the proxy card intend to vote the proxies for the election of the nominees to the Board listed below. Each nominee listed below has consented to being named in this Proxy Statement and to serve as a director if elected. The biography for each director includes the specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills that led the Board to conclude that the nominee should serve as a director. The Board believes that each of the director nominees has valuable individual skills and experiences that, taken together, provide the Company with the variety and depth of knowledge, judgment, and vision necessary to provide effective oversight of the Company. 38 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Antonio Carrillo Qualifications and Experience Mr. Carrillo s executive management experience with industrial and infrastructure companies, balanced with service on a public company, customer-facing board, provides the Board with both complex management experience as well as important and diverse customer perspectives. Business Experience President and Chief Executive Officer, Arcosa Inc. (November 2018 to present) Senior Vice President and Group President of Construction, Energy, Marine and Components of Trinity Industries Inc. (April 2018 to November 2018) Chief Executive Officer, Orbia Advance Corporation (2012 to February 2018) Other Public Company Boards Arcosa Inc. (November 2018 to present) Former Public Company Boards Dr. Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. (2015 to 2018) Trinity Industries Inc. (2014 to November 2018) Age: 59 Director Since: 2019 Board Committees: Compensation Matthew Carter, Jr. Qualifications and Experience Mr. Carter s experience as a chief executive officer brings valuable management expertise and significant corporate leadership, brand management and technology expertise to the Board. Business Experience Chief Executive Officer, Intrado Life Safety, Inc. (October 2023 to October 2025) Chief Executive Officer, Aryaka Networks, Inc. (September 2018 to October 2023) President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Inteliquent, Inc. (June 2015 to February 2017) President, Sprint Enterprise Solutions, Sprint Corporation (September 2013 to January 2015) Other Public Company Boards Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated (November 2018 to present) Former Public Company Boards USG Corporation (2012 to 2018) Inteliquent, Inc. (2015 to 2017) Apollo Education Group, Inc. (2012 to 2017) Age: 65 Director Since: 2018 Board Committees: Governance and Nominating (Chair) Compensation NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS Heather Cox Qualifications and Experience Ms. Cox is able to provide the Board with significant insight based on her digital transformation, innovation, technology, operations and customer service experience. Business Experience President, Insights Empowerment, Zelis Healthcare Inc. (May 2023 to present) Chief Digital Health and Analytics Officer, Humana Inc. (August 2018 to June 2022) Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Digital Officer, United Services Automobile Association Inc. (October 2016 to March 2018) Chief Executive Officer, Financial Technology Division and Head of Citi FinTech of Citigroup, Inc. (November 2015 to September 2016) Chief Client Experience, Digital and Marketing Officer, Global Consumer Bank of Citigroup, Inc. (April 2014 to November 2015) Executive Vice President, U.S. Card Operations, Capital One (August 2011 to August 2014) Other Public Company Boards None Former Public Company Boards Gryphon Digital Mining Inc. (February 2024 to September 2025) Atlantic Union Bank (August 2022 to July 2023) Age: 55 Director Since: 2018 Board Committees: Governance and Nominating Compensation Elisabeth B. Donohue Qualifications and Experience Ms. Donohue s experiences in brand and consumer led marketing bring valuable diversity of thought and expertise to the Board as NRG advances its strategic transformation to a consumer services company led by dynamic retail brands. She not only brings extensive experience in global consumer marketing but has been at the forefront of both digital, data and technology advancements in the marketing ecosystem. As chief executive officer of two major marketing agencies, Ms. Donohue partnered with many of the world s leading consumer-led companies. Business Experience Chief Executive Officer, Publicis Spine (October 2017 to January 2020) President of Board of Trustees, Milton Academy (2015 to 2022) Publicis Management Committee (2017 to 2020) Global Brand President, Starcom Worldwide (April 2016 to October 2017) Chief Executive Officer, Starcom USA (2009 to 2016) Other Public Company Boards Gap Inc. (November 2021 to present) Former Public Company Boards AcuityAds Holdings Inc. (June 2021 to June 2022) Synacor, Inc. (May 2017 to April 2021) Age: 60 Director Since: 2020 Board Committees: Finance and Risk Management (Chair) Governance and Nominating 40 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Marwan Fawaz Qualifications and Experience Mr. Fawaz brings more than 30 years of experience in the media, telecommunications, smart home technology and broadband sectors along with experience in general information technology services and strategies. He is the former executive advisor for Google and its parent company, Alphabet Inc., after joining Alphabet as the CEO of Nest Labs. His wealth of knowledge and expertise developed from his past experiences provides the Board with valuable insight as the Company seeks to effectuate its strategy at the intersection of energy and home services. Business Experience Executive Advisor, Google and Alphabet Inc. (2019 to 2022) Chief Executive Officer, Nest Labs (2016 to 2019) Other Public Company Boards CSG Systems International, Inc. (March 2016 to present) Former Public Company Boards Synacor, Inc. (December 2011 to April 2021) Age: 63 Director Since: 2023 Board Committees: Finance and Risk Management Governance and Nominating Robert J. Gaudette Qualifications and Experience Mr. Gaudette has served as our President since January 2026 and will be appointed as our Chief Executive Officer in April 2026. Prior to his appointment as President, he served as our Executive Vice President and President of NRG Business and Wholesale Operations since April 2022. As President of NRG Business and Wholesale Operations, he manages the Company s retail gas, power, and demand response platforms, as well as the Company s broad portfolio of commercial and industrial solutions and its market operations. He also leads all of NRG s power generation, including plant operations, asset management, development, engineering, and construction. As our President and CEO-designate, it is anticipated that he will be a key link between the Board and management, providing the Board with management s perspective regarding NRG s day-to-day operations and overall strategic plan. Business Experience President and CEO-designate, NRG Energy, Inc. (2026 to present) Executive Vice President and President, NRG Business and Market Operations, NRG Energy, Inc. (2024 to 2026) Executive Vice President, NRG Business and Market Operations, NRG Energy, Inc. (2022 to 2023) Senior Vice President, NRG Energy, Inc. (2010 to 2022) ( including various operational positions ) Other Public Company Boards None Former Public Company Boards None Age: 52 Director Since: N/A Board Committees: None NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS Sanjay Kapoor Qualifications and Experience Mr. Kapoor served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Spirit AeroSystems, Inc., a manufacturer of aerostructures for commercial airplanes and defense platforms, from 2013 until his retirement in 2019. Prior to joining Spirit AeroSystems, Mr. Kapoor spent more than two decades in senior management positions with industry-leading defense and aviation companies, including Raytheon Company from 2004 to 2013 and United Technologies Corporation from 1990 to 2004, where he oversaw significant aerospace and defense programs. Mr. Kapoor has over 30 years of experience driving strategic growth in complex industries and a deep understanding of the financial reporting and internal control requirements derived from his experience serving as chief financial officer. Business Experience Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Spirit AeroSystems, Inc. (2016 to 2019) Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Spirit AeroSystems, Inc. (2013 to 2016) Vice President, Integrated Air and Missile Defense, Raytheon (2004 to 2013) Chief Financial Officer, United Technologies Corporation (2000 to 2004) Controller, United Technologies Corporation (1990 to 2000) Other Public Company Boards Crane Company (April 2023 to present) Former Public Company Boards None Age: 65 Director Since: 2026 Board Committees: Audit Alexander Pourbaix Qualifications and Experience Mr. Pourbaix brings valuable insight in the energy sector. The Board values his executive leadership skills, as well as his expertise for providing leadership to boards and ensuring ongoing strong governance, while supporting management s execution of company strategy. Mr. Pourbaix also has a background in leading advocacy efforts including industry initiatives, government relations, and sustainability engagement. Business Experience Chair, Cenovus Energy Inc. (2025 to present) Executive Chair, Cenovus Energy Inc. (2023 to 2025) President and Chief Executive Officer, Cenovus Energy Inc. (2017 to 2023) Chief Operating Officer, TransCanada Corporation (2015 to 2017) Executive Vice President and President, TransCanada Corporation (1998 to 2015) Other Public Company Boards Canadian Utilities Limited (November 2019 to present) Cenovus Energy Inc. (November 2017 to present) Former Public Company Boards Trican Well Services Ltd. (May 2012 to December 2019) Age: 60 Director Since: 2023 Board Committees: Compensation (Chair) Audit 42 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Alexandra Pruner Qualifications and Experience Ms. Pruner brings extensive financial and industry experience and expertise to the Board, which is valuable to the review of the Company s financings, transactions, and overall financial oversight. In addition, the Board also values her involvement in the Houston and greater Texas community, which is the Company s principal market. Business Experience Senior Advisor, Perella Weinberg Partners; Tudor, Pickering, Holt Co. (December 2018 to present) Partner and Chief Financial Officer, Perella Weinberg Partners (December 2016 to November 2018) Co-Founder and Chief Financial Officer, Tudor, Pickering, Holt Co. (February 2007 to 2016) Chair of the Board, Malta Inc. (April 2022 December 2025) Chair of the Board, Encino Acquisition Partners (November 2019 August 2025) Other Public Company Boards Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (December 2018 to present) Former Public Company Boards Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (November 2018 to August 2019) Age: 64 Director Since: 2019 Board Committees: Audit (Chair) Finance and Risk Management Marcie C. Zlotnik Qualifications and Experience Ms. Zlotnik has more than 20 years of experience in the development, improvement, and turnaround of the retail electricity sector. Having co-founded StarTex Power (subsequently sold to Constellation Energy) and Gexa Energy, she has a deep understanding of operational, business improvement and customer/employee retention areas. A proven entrepreneur, the Board values Ms. Zlotnik s knowledge of operations, service, and marketing as well as government regulation in Texas, the Company s primary market. Business Experience Co-Founder and Chief Operating Officer, StarTex Power (2004 to 2013) Co-Founder, President and Principal Accounting Officer, Gexa Energy (2000 to 2003) Other Public Company Boards None Former Public Company Boards Just Energy (September 2020 to December 2022) Crius Energy LLC (April 2018 to July 2019) Age: 63 Director Since: 2023 Board Committees: Audit Governance and Nominating The Board recommends a vote FOR the election to the Board of each of the foregoing nominees. Proxies received by the Board will be voted FOR each of the nominees unless a contrary vote is specified. NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 43 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation Elements of Director Compensation The total annual compensation received by our non-employee directors for their service as Board members, Lead Independent Director, and Chairs of the Committees of the Board, if applicable, is described below. The Compensation Committee, with the advice of Pay Governance, annually evaluates the compensation of our non-employee directors. Dr. Coben, our CEO, does not receive separate compensation as a director or Chair of the Board. Compensation Element Compensation Amount ($) Annual Cash Retainer 130,000 Annual Equity Retainer 179,000 Annual Board Chair Retainer 200,000 Lead Independent Director Retainer 45,000 Audit Committee Chair Retainer 35,000 Other Committee Chair Retainer 20,000 Employee Directors No compensation A non-employee director who is newly appointed to the Board, other than in connection with an annual meeting of stockholders, receives the Annual Equity Retainer and a pro rata portion of the Annual Cash Retainer upon appointment. With respect to the Committee Chair Retainers and the Lead Independent Director Retainer, 50% is received in the form of cash and 50% is received in the form of deferred stock units (DSUs). Non-employee directors may, however, elect to receive the cash portion of their annual compensation as DSUs. Each DSU is equivalent in value to one share of NRG s common stock and represents the right to receive one such share of common stock, payable at the time elected by the non-employee director. In the event that a non-employee director s service with the Company is terminated for any reason other than cause, DSU awards are payable in accordance with such non-employee director s deferral election. If a non-employee director s service with the Company is terminated for cause, the award is forfeited. In connection with the grants of the DSUs, each non-employee director also receives dividend equivalent rights (DERs) which become exercisable proportionately with the DSUs to which they relate. 44 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 The following table sets forth information regarding the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our non-employee directors who served on the Board during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Total ($) E. Spencer Abraham 130,000 179,129 309,129 Antonio Carrillo 152,500 201,579 354,079 Matthew Carter, Jr. 140,000 189,107 329,107 Heather Cox 130,000 179,129 309,129 Elisabeth B. Donohue 140,000 189,107 329,107 Marwan Fawaz 130,000 179,129 309,129 Kevin Howell (2) 130,000 179,129 309,129 Alexander Pourbaix (3) 140,000 189,107 329,107 Alexandra Pruner 147,500 196,590 344,090 Marcie C. Zlotnik 130,000 179,129 309,129 (1) Reflects the grant date fair value of DSUs awarded in 2025, determined in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, the full amount of which is recorded as a compensation expense in the income statement for fiscal year 2025. The assumptions made in these valuations are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 15 Consolidated Financial Statements. The grant date fair value was based on the closing price of our common stock, as reported on the NYSE, on the date of grant, which was $155.90 per share of common stock on June 1, 2025. (2) Mr. Howell ceased to serve as a director in January 2026 (3) Mr. Pourbaix elected to forgo cash compensation for services as a director in lieu of DSUs. The following table sets forth the aggregate number of stock awards (DSUs and DERs) held by each of the non-employee directors as of December 31, 2025. The non-employee directors did not own any option awards as of December 31, 2025. Name Stock Awards (1) E. Spencer Abraham 77,978 Antonio Carrillo 18,860 Matthew Carter, Jr. 41,783 Heather Cox (2) 25,607 Elisabeth B. Donohue 23,693 Marwan Fawaz (3) Kevin Howell 6,612 Alexander Pourbaix 10,155 Alexandra Pruner 30,908 Marcie C. Zlotnik 7,226 (1) All DSUs held by the directors are payable upon termination of service as a Board member, other than the DSUs held by the directors described in footnotes (2) and (3) below. (2) Ms. Cox has 5,176 DSUs and 709 DERs that are payable on June 1, 2026. (3) Mr. Fawaz elected to convert his DSUs to shares of NRG common stock immediately on the date of grant. NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 45 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Stock Ownership Guidelines In December 2025, the Board approved new director stock ownership guidelines that require the director s total holdings remain at or above a Minimum Holdings Threshold. The Minimum Holdings Threshold is calculated on the intended sale date as an amount of shares equal to five times the director s annual cash retainer (excluding any board chair, committee chair or lead independent director fees), divided by NRG s stock price at market close on the previous trading day. Under the guidelines, independent directors are permitted to sell a portion of their NRG common stock provided they maintain the Minimum Holdings Threshold after the sale. For purposes of determining compliance, total holdings include NRG common stock and unvested DSUs. If a director s total holdings fall below the Minimum Holdings Threshold, the director is not required to purchase additional shares but may not sell shares until he or she is back in compliance, subject to limited exceptions (for example, hardship or required tax payments) with Board approval. All sales permitted under the guidelines remain subject to the Insider Trading Policy. The guidelines apply only to independent directors. Exceptions to these guidelines may be made by the Board under special circumstances. No exceptions to such requirements were made for 2025. 46 NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Under Section 14A of the Exchange Act, the stockholders of the Company are entitled to vote at least once every three years to approve the compensation of the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K of the rules and regulations under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). At our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our stockholders voted to hold the non-binding stockholder vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers every year. Accordingly, this vote is conducted every year. The next vote will occur at the 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. As described more fully in the CD A on pages 72 to 92 and in the accompanying tables, narrative disclosures and other information on pages 93 to 109 , the Company s executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain and reward top executive talent. The intent of the Company s compensation program is to reward the achievement of the Company s annual goals and objectives while supporting the Company s long-term business strategy. This proposal, commonly known as a say on pay proposal, gives stockholders the opportunity to express their views on the Company s named executive officers compensation. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of the named executive officers as described in this Proxy Statement. Accordingly, the Board recommends that stockholders vote in favor of the following resolution: NRG Energy, Inc. 2026 Proxy Statement 47 TABLE OF CONTENTS RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to the Company s named executive officers, as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion, is hereby APPROVED. The say on pay vote is advisory and therefore not binding on the Company, the Board or the Compensation Committee. However, the Board and the Compensation Committee value the opi