=== AVY_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS The risk factors described in this section could materially adversely affect our business, including our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and cause the value of our securities to decline. This list of risks is not exhaustive. Our ability to attain our goals and objectives is dependent on numerous factors and risks, including, but not limited to, the most significant ones described in this section. Risk Related to Our International Operations The demand for our products is impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, geopolitical, social and labor conditions, which have had in the past and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business. We have operations in more than 50 countries and our domestic and international operations are strongly influenced by matters beyond our control, including changes in economic, geopolitical, social and labor conditions, tax laws, and U.S. and international trade regulations (including tariffs), as well as the impact these changes have on demand for our products. In 2025, approximately 69% of our net sales originated outside the U.S. Macroeconomic developments such as impacts from slower growth in the geographic regions in which we operate; inflation resulting from, among other things, increased raw material, energy and freight costs; labor shortages; geopolitical, social, supply chain and other disruptions; epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of illness, disease or virus; and uncertainty in global credit or financial markets could result in a material adverse effect on our business as a result of, among other things, lower consumer spending, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, reduced asset valuations, diminished liquidity and credit availability, volatility in securities prices, and credit rating downgrades. Trade-related uncertainty remains elevated between the U.S. and other regions and countries, including Canada, Mexico, China, India and the European Union. In 2025, the U.S. implemented a 10% global baseline tariff rate on nearly all imports, with higher rates on certain goods. Additionally, it applied significant tariffs on goods from Canada, Mexico, China and the European Union, each of which announced reciprocal tariffs. The amount of these tariffs or the classes of goods on which they are applied continues to evolve and could significantly change. The U.S. government continues to negotiate with countries regarding the tariffs. In July 2025, the U.S. and the European Union agreed to a framework for a trade deal that included a baseline tariff rate of 15% on most goods imported from the European Union into the U.S. While the direct impacts on our operations after our mitigating actions have not been significant, our business could be materially adversely impacted by changes in U.S. and non-U.S. trade policies, including potential modifications to existing trade agreements and additional tariffs or other restrictions on free trade, impacting our raw materials or finished products. The indirect impact on demand for our products and solutions as a result of these events, which have resulted in softer consumer volumes, continues to be uncertain and elevated. We estimate that the indirect impact of tariffs resulted in an aggregate low single digit rate decrease in sales in our overall apparel categories over the second, third and fourth quarters of 2025. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision holding that the International Emergency Economic Powers Act does not authorize the President to impose tariffs. While this may provide immediate relief from these specific duties, there will likely be a period of trade policy instability. Further developments in international trade relations, including increased deglobalization, could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, business and operational disruptions or delays caused by geopolitical, social or economic instability and unrest such as recent civil, political and economic disturbances in Syria, Yemen, Iran, Turkey, North Korea, and Bangladesh and the related impact on global stability, the Russia-Ukraine war, the Israel-Hamas war, the U.S.'s engagement in Venezuela, terrorist attacks and the potential for other hostilities or natural disasters in various parts of the world could have a material adverse effect on our business. Since the Russia-Ukraine war began in 2022, we have maintained our position of not shipping products to the Russian market. The impact of the continuing war, as well as any further retaliatory actions taken by Russia, the U.S., the European Union and other jurisdictions, is unknown and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, our sales in Israel have not recovered since the beginning of the Israel-Hamas war in late 2023, with sales representing less than 1% of our total net sales in 2025. The continued impact of this war and any related hostilities in the Middle East region or elsewhere is unknown and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are not able to predict the duration and severity of adverse economic, geopolitical, social, or labor conditions in the U.S. or other countries. Foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in those rates, affect our business. The majority of our net sales in 2025 was denominated in foreign currencies. Our financial results are therefore subject to the impact of currency translation, which may be material. Overall, our foreign currency transaction exposure is largely mitigated because the costs of our products are generally denominated in the same currencies in which they are sold. 7 Table of Contents Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, such as the unfavorable impacts associated with the Indian rupee and Brazilian real and favorable impacts associated with the euro in 2025, may result in a variety of negative effects, including lower net sales, increased costs, lower gross margins, increased allowance for credit losses and/or write-offs of accounts receivable, and required recognition of impairments of capitalized assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. Foreign currency translation increased our 2025 net sales by approximately $29 million compared to the prior year. We monitor our foreign currency exposures and sometimes use hedging instruments to mitigate some of our transactional exposure to changes in foreign currencies. The effectiveness of our hedges in part depends on our ability to accurately forecast our future cash flows, which is particularly difficult during periods of uncertain demand for our products and services and volatile foreign currency exchange rates. Our hedging activities may offset only a portion, or none at all, of the material adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place and we may incur significant losses from these activities. Our operations and activities outside of the U.S. subject us to risks different from and potentially greater than those associated with our domestic operations. A substantial portion of our employees and assets are located outside of the U.S. and, in 2025, approximately 69% of our net sales were generated outside of the U.S. International operations and activities involve risks that are different from and potentially greater than the risks we face in our domestic operations, including changes in foreign geopolitical, regulatory and economic conditions, whether nationally, regionally or locally; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; differing levels of inflation; reduced protection of intellectual property rights; laws and regulations impacting our ability to repatriate foreign earnings; challenges complying with foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to sales, operations, taxes, employment and legal proceedings; establishing effective controls and procedures to monitor compliance with U.S. laws and regulations; differences in lending practices; and challenges with complying with applicable export and import control laws and regulations. Our strategy includes continuing to grow in emerging markets, which exposes us to less stable geopolitical conditions, civil unrest, economic volatility, and other risks applicable to operating in these regions. Approximately 40% of our net sales in 2025 originated in emerging markets. The profitable growth of our business in emerging markets is an important part of our long-term growth strategy and our regional results have and can fluctuate significantly based on their economic conditions and other events that occur more frequently in these markets and can significantly and adversely impact our operations (such as power outages, civil unrest or other hostilities, and labor stoppages). Our business operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the current and future political environment in China, both relating to in-country changes in laws and regulations or the interpretation thereof, as well as a result of its response to tariffs by the U.S. government on goods imported from China, tariffs by China on U.S. goods, the increasing use of economic sanctions and export control restrictions, and tensions related to Hong Kong and Taiwan. If we are unable to successfully expand our business in emerging markets or achieve the return on capital we expect from our investments in these countries, our financial performance would be materially adversely affected. In addition to the risks applicable to our international operations, factors that have negatively impacted our operations in emerging markets from time to time include the less established or reliable legal systems and possible disruptions due to unstable geopolitical conditions, civil unrest or economic volatility. These factors can have a material adverse effect on our business in the affected markets by decreasing consumer purchasing power, reducing demand for our products or increasing our costs. Risks Related to Our Business As a manufacturer, our sales and profitability depend upon the availability and cost of raw materials and energy, which may be subject to significant price fluctuations, and our ability to control or offset increases in raw material and labor costs. Raw material and freight cost increases have impacted our business. Raw materials represent a significant portion of our costs and a critical factor in our profitability. The markets for the raw materials used in our businesses can be volatile, impacting availability and pricing. Additionally, energy costs can be volatile and unpredictable. Shortages and inflationary or other increases in the costs of raw materials, labor, freight and energy have occurred in the past, and could recur. In past years, we implemented targeted price increases in our Materials Group reportable segment to address raw material inflation; more recently, we implemented deflation-related price reductions as a result of lower raw material costs. If we experience inflationary headwinds in the future, we may implement similar pricing actions. Our performance depends in part on our ability to offset increased raw material costs by raising our selling prices or re-engineering our products. It is also important for us to obtain timely delivery of materials, equipment and other resources from suppliers, and to make timely delivery to customers. We may experience supply chain disruptions due to natural and other disasters or other events, or our existing relationships with suppliers could deteriorate or end in the future. While we undertake business continuity planning and take actions to mitigate these disruptions when they occur, such as sourcing from other regions or suppliers, any disruption in our supply chain could negatively impact our sales and profitability, and any sustained inability to obtain adequate supplies could have a material adverse effect on our business. 8 Table of Contents We are affected by changes in our markets due to competitive conditions, technological developments, laws and regulations, and customer preferences. If we do not compete effectively or respond appropriately to these changes, it could reduce demand for our products and solutions, or we could lose market share or reduce our selling prices to maintain market share, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. Growing the proportion of our portfolio in high-value categories that serve markets that are growing faster than gross domestic product, represent large pools of potential profit and leverage our core capabilities is an important part of our long-term growth strategy. High-value products and solutions include our specialty and durable label materials, graphics and reflective solutions, industrial and medical tapes, and trade and specialty adhesives; intelligent labels that use RFID tags and inlays; shelf-edge pricing, productivity and consumer engagement solutions; and external embellishments. We face the risk that existing or new competitors, which include some of our customers, distributors and suppliers, will expand in our key market segments or develop new technologies, including in high-value categories, enhancing their competitive position relative to ours. Competitors also may be able to offer products, services, lower prices or other incentives that we cannot or that, to maintain profitability, we may not be able to offer. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or new technologies. We are also exposed to changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases and new intelligent label program rollouts, which are affected by announced pricing actions, changes in our customer incentive programs, our customers' ability to achieve incentive targets, as well as changes in trade policy. Changes in customers preferences for our products can also decrease demand for our products and have a material adverse effect on our business. In our Solutions Group reportable segment, sales in our overall apparel categories declined in 2025 as a result of tariff-related uncertainty. In our Materials Group reportable segment, as supply chain constraints eased in 2022, customers increased inventory levels following a period of reduced availability. In the fourth quarter of 2022, inventories downstream from our company began to unwind swiftly, resulting in lower demand. This continued in 2023, with volume improving sequentially throughout that year and normalizing in 2024. We are affected by changes in our markets due to increasing environmental regulations and sustainability trends. If we do not respond appropriately to these changes, it could negatively impact customer demand, our market share and pricing, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including those related to the impacts of climate change, have and can adversely affect our business. A substantial amount of our label materials is sold for use in packaging in the food, beverage, and home and personal care market segments. In recent years, there has been an accelerated focus on sustainability and transparency in sustainability reporting, with greater concern regarding climate change and single-use plastics, corporate commitments and increasing stakeholder expectations regarding the reuse and recyclability of plastic packaging and recycled content, and increased regulation in multiple geographies regarding the collection, recycling and use of recycled content. Changes in consumer preferences, laws and regulations related to the use of raw materials and extended producer responsibility rules focused on the end-of-life of products, particularly in Europe and certain states in the United States, present the risk of reduced demand for certain of our products if customers seek decoration technology alternatives to pressure-sensitive labeling, but also the opportunity for increased demand for our more sustainable products, a significant focus of our research and development and related innovation efforts. We have established strategic innovation platforms and priorities focused, among other things, on delivering products and solutions that advance the circular economy, reduce supply chain waste and address the need for increased recyclability of packaging. We have made substantial investments in our sustainability-driven products, but there can be no assurance that they will be successful, and a significant reduction in the use of packaging could materially adversely affect demand for our products. Changes in sustainability-focused regulation present a risk to our business. In February 2026, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency rescinded its 2009 Greenhouse Gas Endangerment Finding, which served as the foundation for various regulations of GHG emissions. Conversely, while currently in a state of flux, reporting requirements such as the European Union's Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, which will impose additional disclosure requirements for our company beginning in 2028 (based on 2027 data), and the state of California s climate reporting requirements are expected to increase the amount of sustainability data we are required to generate, audit, verify through third-parties and disclose. Developments in regulatory actions regarding these matters are likely to continue and may require conflicting responses, which could divert the attention of management. In addition, costs to comply with these regulations are likely to grow and any failure to meet the requirements of these regulations could result in fines or other penalties. The scientific consensus is that emissions of greenhouse gases ( GHG ) are altering our atmosphere in ways that are adversely affecting global climate. There is continuing concern from members of the scientific community and the general public that GHG emissions and other human activities will continue causing significant changes in weather patterns and increase the frequency or severity of extreme weather events, including droughts, wildfires and flooding. These types of extreme weather events have and may continue to adversely impact us, our suppliers and our customers, including their ability to purchase our products and our ability to timely receive appropriate raw materials to manufacture and transport our products on a timely basis. The extent of the impact of climate change on our business is uncertain, as it will depend on the limits imposed by, and timing of, new or stricter laws and regulations, more stringent environmental standards and expectations, and evolving customer and consumer preferences, but it is likely to increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business. After partnering with a third-party expert to assess our disclosures against the recommendations regarding the information that companies should disclose to allow their stakeholders to assess and price 9 Table of Contents their climate-related risks, we have preliminarily aligned our reporting with Financial Stability Board s Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures requirements. Concern regarding climate change has also led and is likely to continue leading to increasing demands by legislators and regulators, customers, consumers, investors, employees and non-governmental organizations for companies to reduce their GHG emissions. We exceeded our 2025 sustainability goal to achieve a 26% absolute cumulative reduction in our GHG emissions from our 2015 baseline, delivering an absolute cumulative reduction of approximately 60%. As part of our more ambitious 2030 sustainability goals, we are aiming by 2030 to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 70% compared to our 2015 baseline and work with our supply chain to reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions. We could face risks to our reputation, investor confidence and market share if we are unable to continue reducing our GHG emissions at levels satisfactory to our stakeholders. We have recently acquired companies and are likely to acquire other companies. Acquisitions come with significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to integration, technology and employees. To drive our strategies to increase the proportion of our business from high-value categories, enhance our portfolio by growing our existing businesses and expanding into new areas, and accelerate market-driven innovation, we have made acquisitions and are likely to continue acquiring companies. In 2025, we acquired Taylor Adhesives for purchase consideration of approximately $390 million. The success of any acquisition depends on the ability of the combined company to realize the anticipated benefits from combining our businesses. Realizing these benefits depends, in part, on maintaining adequate focus on executing the business strategies of the combined company as well as the successful integration of assets, operations, functions and personnel. We continue to evaluate acquisition targets and ensure we have a pipeline of potential opportunities. Various risks, uncertainties and costs are associated with acquisitions. Effective integration of systems, controls, employees, product lines, market segments, customers, suppliers and production facilities and cost savings can be difficult to achieve and the success of integration activities can be uncertain. While we have not experienced significant issues with our recent acquisitions, if management of our combined company is unable to minimize the potential disruption of the combined company s ongoing business during the integration process, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition may not be fully realized. In addition, the inability to successfully manage the implementation of appropriate systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs for the combined company could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not be able to retain key employees of an acquired company or achieve the projected performance targets for the business into which an acquired company is integrated. Both before and after the closing of an acquisition, our business and that of the acquired company may suffer due to uncertainty or diversion of management attention. Future acquisitions could result in increased debt, dilution, liabilities, interest expense, restructuring charges and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. There can be no assurance that acquisitions will be successful, contribute to our profitability or drive accretive returns. Further, we may not be able to identify additional value-accretive acquisition targets that can advance our strategies or be able to successfully execute additional acquisitions in the future. A significant consolidation of our customer base could negatively impact our business. A significant consolidation of our customer base could negatively impact our business. In 2025, no single customer represented 10% or more of our net sales, with our customer base highly fragmented. In recent years, some of the converter customers served by our Materials Group reportable segment have consolidated and integrated vertically and some of our largest customers have acquired companies with similar or complementary product lines. Industry consolidation could continue to increase the concentration of our business with our largest customers. Further consolidation may increase pressure from customers for us to lower our selling prices. While we have been generally successful at managing customer consolidations in the past, increased pricing pressures from our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. Because some of our products are sold by third parties, our business depends in part on the financial condition of these parties and their customers. Some of our products are sold by third-party distributors. Some of our distributors also market products that compete with our products. Changes in the financial or business conditions, including economic weakness, market trends or industry consolidation, or the purchasing decisions of these distributors or their customers, could materially adversely affect our business. Our reputation, sales, and earnings could be materially adversely affected if the quality of our products and services does not meet customer expectations. In addition, product liability claims or regulatory actions could materially adversely affect our business and reputation. There are times when we experience product quality issues resulting from defective materials, manufacturing, packaging or design. These issues are often discovered before shipping, causing delays in shipping, delays in the manufacturing process, or, occasionally, cancelled orders. When issues are discovered after shipment, they may result in additional shipping costs, discounts, refunds or loss of future sales. Both pre-shipping and post-shipping quality issues could have a material adverse effect on our business and negatively impact our reputation. Claims for losses or injuries purportedly caused by some of our products arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage, claims are subject to a deductible or may not be covered under 10 Table of Contents the terms of the policy. In addition to the risk of substantial monetary judgments and penalties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, product liability claims or regulatory actions could result in negative publicity, reputational harm or loss of brand value. We also could be required to recall and possibly discontinue the sale of products deemed to be defective or unsafe, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expense. Changes in our business strategies and the restructuring of our operations affect our costs and the profitability of our businesses. In addition, our profitability may be materially adversely affected if we generate less productivity improvement from our restructuring and other cost reduction actions than anticipated. As our business environment changes, we have adjusted and may need to further adjust our business strategies, restructure our operations or particular businesses, or adjust our operational footprint. As we continue to develop and adjust our growth strategies, we may invest in new businesses that have short-term returns that are negative or low and whose ultimate business prospects are uncertain or could be unprofitable. We engage in restructuring actions from time to time to reduce our costs and increase efficiencies. We expended approximately $47 million in 2025 compared to approximately $42 million related to restructuring actions in 2024. Our restructuring actions in 2025 related to various locations across our company in both our Solutions Group and Materials Group reportable segments. We had incremental savings from restructuring actions, net of transition costs, of more than $60 million in 2025. As part of our continuous efficiency improvement culture, we intend to continue our efforts to reduce costs, which have in the past included, and may continue to include, facility closures and square footage reductions, headcount reductions, organizational restructuring, process standardization, and manufacturing relocation. For example, in 2025, we completed a European footprint optimization in Belgium for our Materials Group reportable segment, and in 2024, we consolidated our Solutions Group reportable segment's operations in Mexico. The success of these efforts is not assured and targeted savings may not be realized. In addition, cost reduction actions can result in restructuring charges and could expose us to production risk, loss of sales and employee turnover. We cannot provide assurance that we will achieve the intended results of any of our restructuring and other cost reduction actions, which involve operational complexities, consume management attention and require substantial resources and effort. If we fail to achieve the intended results of such actions, our costs could increase, our assets could be impaired, and our savings from these actions could be lower than expected. Our ability to develop and successfully market new products and applications impacts our competitive position. The timely introduction of new products and improvements to current products helps determine our success. Many of our current products are the result of our research and development efforts, for which we expensed $137 million in 2025. These efforts are directed primarily toward developing new products and solutions and operating techniques and improving product performance, often in close association with our customers or end users. These efforts include patent and product development work relating to printing and coating technologies, as well as adhesive, release and ink chemistries in our Materials Group reportable segment. We focus on research projects related to RFID, external embellishments and digital solutions in our Solutions Group reportable segment. Additionally, our research and development efforts include sustainable innovation and design of products that increase the use of recycled content, reduce waste, extend life or enable recycling. Research and development requires innovation and anticipation of market trends, which means that the costs of these expenditures may not be recovered through additional sales. We could focus on products that ultimately are not accepted by customers or end users or we could experience delays in the production or launch of new products that could compromise our competitive position. Our infrastructure needs impact our business and expenditures. We continue to invest in our long-term growth and margin expansion plans, with approximately $200 million in capital expenditures, including fixed assets and information technology, in 2025. We may not be able to recoup the costs of our infrastructure investments if actual demand is not as we anticipate. In 2025, we opened our first RFID inlay and label production site in India. Additionally, in recent years, we expanded our Materials Group s manufacturing capabilities in Brazil, France, India, China and Ohio; moved our Solutions Group s Vietnam business into a new, expanded facility; and made additional investments in both capacity and business development globally for our Intelligent Labels platform. Infrastructure investments, which are long-term in nature, may not generate the expected return due to changes in the marketplace, unanticipated challenges in execution, and other factors. Significant changes from our expected need for and/or returns on our infrastructure investments could materially adversely affect our business. Difficulty in the collection of receivables as a result of economic conditions or other market factors could have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we have processes to administer credit granted to customers and believe our allowance for credit losses is adequate, we have in the past had to increase the allowance due to, among other things, epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of illness, supply chain challenges, regulatory restrictions and inflationary pressures, and in the future may experience losses as a result of our inability to collect some of our accounts receivable. A customer s financial difficulties are likely to result in reduced business with that customer. We may also assume higher credit risk relating to receivables of a customer experiencing financial difficulty. In January 2026, a large customer of our Materials Group reportable segment filed for prepackaged Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection; we currently expect to collect on our prepetition outstanding receivables from this customer. If these developments were to occur widely in our customer base, our inability to collect on our accounts receivable could substantially reduce our cash flows and income and have a material adverse effect on our business. 11 Table of Contents There is a rapidly evolving awareness and focus from certain stakeholders, including our investors, customers and employees, with respect to our company s sustainability and governance practices, which could affect our business. Investor and societal expectations with respect to sustainability or governance matters continue to evolve, with some stakeholders seeking companies to demonstrate progress with respect to environmental stewardship, human capital, corporate governance, support for our communities, and transparency, and other stakeholders suggesting that companies focus on delivering for their stockholders to the exclusion of focus in these other areas. A failure to adequately meet evolving stakeholder expectations and timely comply with competing regulatory requirements at the federal, state and local levels could result in loss of business, diluted market valuation, an inability to attract and retain customers and personnel, increased negative investor sentiment toward us and/or our customers and the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and access to and cost of capital. Risks Related to Information Technology Significant disruption to the information technology infrastructure that stores our information and runs our operations could materially adversely affect our business. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of a large and complex information technology infrastructure to link our global business. Like all information technology systems, ours are susceptible to a number of risks including, but not limited to, damage or interruptions resulting from obsolescence, natural disasters, power failures, human error, viruses, social engineering, phishing, ransomware or other malicious attacks and cybersecurity events. We upgrade and install new systems, which, if installed or programmed incorrectly or on a delayed timeframe, could cause delays or cancellations of customer orders, impede the manufacture or shipment of products, or disrupt the processing of transactions. We have continued to implement measures to mitigate our risk related to system and network disruptions, but if a significant disruption were to occur, we could incur losses and remediation costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, we rely on services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology processes, including system infrastructure management, application management, and software as a service. While we have matured our cybersecurity due diligence process, this reliance on third parties makes our operations vulnerable to a failure by any one of these vendors to perform adequately or maintain effective internal controls. Cybersecurity or other security breaches could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. We maintain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form, which is stored in data centers and on our networks and third-party cloud services, including confidential and proprietary information as well as personal information regarding our customers and employees. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations. Data maintained in digital form and on cloud services is subject to the risk of intrusion, tampering and theft. We develop and maintain systems and processes at significant cost to prevent this from occurring, and conduct ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. We experience non-material cybersecurity events each year that are escalated through our documented and tested security incident response plan, and although we have not experienced a significant breach in recent years, the possibility of intrusion, tampering and theft cannot be eliminated entirely. Our information technology and infrastructure are vulnerable to attacks by threat actors or system compromises due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions, and the threat landscape remains challenging with our digital business transformation, remote or hybrid employees, the increasing use of artificial intelligence ( AI ), and interconnected supply chains expanding the risk of attack. Threat actors are increasingly leveraging AI for cyberattacks, and our increasing use of AI carries risks related to data security, privacy events, and potential algorithmic bias. These AI risks could lead to operational disruptions, regulatory investigations or actions, data security events and potential financial loss. We also perform cybersecurity due diligence and mitigate identified risks during our due diligence process related to potential acquisitions; however, there is still a risk that a recent or future acquisition experiences an event that could lead to a breach before risks are able to be mitigated. Additionally, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties when it is necessary to pursue business objectives. While we obtain written agreements and assurances that these third parties will protect this information and, where appropriate, assess the protections utilized by these third parties, we are aware of suppliers in our ecosystem who have experienced security events, and there is a risk that confidentiality of data held by third parties may be compromised. Breaches or attacks can compromise our network, the network of a third party to whom we have disclosed confidential, proprietary or personal information, a data center where we have stored such information or a third-party cloud service provider, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any access, disclosure or loss of information could disrupt our operations, impair our ability to conduct business, result in legal claims or proceedings, damage our reputation, or result in the loss or diminished value of profitable opportunities and the loss of revenue as a result of unlicensed use of our intellectual property. Contractual provisions with third parties, including cloud service providers, substantially limit our ability to fully recover these potential losses. If the personal information of our customers or employees were to be misappropriated, we could incur costs to compensate our customers or employees or 12 Table of Contents pay damages or fines as a result of litigation or regulatory actions and our reputation with our customers and employees could be injured, resulting in loss of business or decline in employee morale. Data privacy legislation and regulation have been increasing in recent years including, for example, the General Data Protection Regulation in the EU, the Personal Information Protection Law in China, the General Data Protection Law in Brazil and the state of California s Privacy Rights Act and although we have made reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be subject to regulatory action in the event of a data privacy violation. Cybersecurity risk and ransomware attacks on companies continue to significantly increase and there can be no assurance that we have fully protected our information, that third parties to whom we have disclosed such information or with whom we have stored such information (in data centers and in the cloud) have taken effective precautions, or that we will not experience hacking or intrusion attempts that could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition to maintaining a comprehensive set of endpoint, network, email and cloud security solutions, we continue to take steps to further improve the security of our networks and systems, including maturing our zero trust architecture and strategy; enhancing and testing our security incident response plan; maturing our operational technology security program; implementing more robust cloud security across multiple platforms; establishing AI policies, governance and risk management; maturing our data loss prevention framework to protect our critical data, network and site access controls; increasing network segmentation; enhancing our focus on third party risk management; and improving our capabilities based on threat intelligence and the publicized incidents experienced by other companies, as well as ones that we have experienced despite their minimal operational or financial impact to date. Risks Related to Income Taxes Changes in our tax rates affect our business. Our effective tax rate is affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation. The impact of these changes could materially impact our business. Legislation implementing changes in taxation of business activities, adoption of other corporate tax policies, or other changes in tax legislation impact our business. The prevention of base-erosion and tax transparency continue to be high priorities for many tax jurisdictions worldwide. As a result, policies regarding corporate income and other taxes remain under heightened scrutiny globally. Due to the size of our international business activities, any substantial change in corporate tax policies, tax enforcement activities or legislative or regulatory tax-related actions could have a material adverse effect on our business. The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing compliance requirements and audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. We are subject to regular examinations of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of material adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. In addition, tax enforcement has become increasingly aggressive in recent years focused primarily on transfer pricing and intercompany documentation. Our estimate of the potential outcome of uncertain tax issues requires significant judgment and is subject to our assessment of relevant risks, facts and circumstances existing at the time. We use these assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax-related accounts. Our results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are made or resolved, which may materially adversely affect our effective tax rate. We have deferred tax assets that we may not be able to realize under certain circumstances. If we are unable to generate sufficient taxable income in certain jurisdictions, or if there is a significant change in the time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets. This would increase our effective tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, changes in statutory tax rates may change our deferred tax asset or liability balances, with either a favorable or unfavorable impact on our effective tax rate. A significant portion of our indefinite-lived net operating loss carryforwards is concentrated in Luxembourg and may require decades to be fully utilized under our current business model. Decreases in the statutory tax rate or changes in our ability to generate sufficient future taxable income in Luxembourg could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate. In addition, the computation and assessment of the realizability of our deferred tax assets may also be materially impacted by new legislation or regulations. 13 Table of Contents Risks Related to Human Capital For us to remain competitive, deliver on our business strategy and avoid business disruption, it is important to recruit high caliber talent, retain key management and highly-skilled employees and receive high quality service from all outsourced service providers. This includes providing market-competitive compensation and benefits and ensuring an engaged global team. Competition to recruit and retain critical talent was challenging in recent years. Our ongoing productivity efforts and restructuring actions can increase this challenge. When it comes to our outsourced service providers, we have experienced delays or errors and reduced resource availability and managed ongoing risk when it comes to people, processes and software. Executive succession planning is critical to our long-term success. While we believe we have appropriate leadership development programs and succession plans in place that are regularly discussed with the Talent and Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors (our "Board"), any failure to ensure effective leadership transitions and knowledge transfer involving key management or other highly-skilled employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. We have various non-U.S. collective labor arrangements, which make us subject to potential work stoppages, as well as union and works council campaigns and other labor disputes, any of which could adversely impact our business. Work interruptions or stoppages at our company or our suppliers could significantly impact our ability to deliver for our customers. In addition, collective bargaining agreements, union contracts and labor laws may impair our ability to close or downsize manufacturing facilities because of limitations on personnel and salary and other restrictions. A work stoppage at one or more of our facilities, or the facilities of our customers or suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, the recent and ongoing geopolitical unrest and weather-related effects of climate change in numerous regions could impact the safety and productivity of our employees. Those impacts could also hinder our ability to recruit and retain talent in the impacted regions/countries. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness If our indebtedness increases significantly or our credit ratings are downgraded, we may have difficulty obtaining short- and long-term financing on acceptable terms and conditions. At December 31, 2025, we had approximately $3.73 billion of debt. Our level of indebtedness and credit ratings are significant factors in our ability to obtain short- and long-term financing. Significantly unfavorable changes in our debt leverage position and/or lower credit ratings could negatively impact our ability to issue debt at favorable terms to support our business needs and result in higher financing costs. A downgrade of our short-term credit ratings could impact our ability to access the commercial paper markets and increase our borrowing costs on commercial paper or alternative funding sources, including our revolving credit facility (the Revolver ) or other credit facilities. If our access to commercial paper markets were to become limited, we would need to obtain short-term funding under our Revolver, which would expose us to variable interest rates. An increase in interest rates adversely affects our business. In 2025, our average variable-rate borrowings were approximately $739 million. Increases in short-term interest rates directly impact the amount of interest we pay. Fluctuations in interest rates can increase our borrowing costs and have a material adverse effect on our business. After several years of raising interest rates in an effort to curb rising inflation across the globe, the U.S. Federal Reserve and similar monetary policymaking entities around the world modestly reduced rates in 2025. As of December 31, 2025, the U.S. Federal Reserve s benchmark interest rate was between 3.50% and 3.75%, down from between 4.25% and 4.50% at year-end 2024. When long- and short-term interest rates rise, our borrowing costs increase. Continued increases in interest rates could, among other things, reduce the availability and/or increase the costs of obtaining new debt and refinancing existing indebtedness and negatively impact our business. Our current and future debt covenants may limit our flexibility. Our credit facilities and the indentures governing our medium- and long-term notes contain, and any of our future indebtedness likely would contain, restrictive covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on us. Among other things, these covenants restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur certain liens on our assets, make certain investments, sell our assets or merge with third parties, or enter into certain transactions. The Revolver contains a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a maximum leverage ratio. Refer to Capital Resources in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about this financial covenant. These restrictive covenants and ratios may limit or prohibit us from engaging in certain activities and transactions that may be in our best interest, which could materially adversely affect our business. The failure to comply with these or other covenants governing other indebtedness, including indebtedness incurred in the future, 14 Table of Contents could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result of operations, including by triggering cross-defaults in other debt facilities. Risk Related to Ownership of Our Stock Our stock price is subject to significant variability. Changes in our stock price, among other things, affect our access to, or cost of financing from, capital markets, our stock-based compensation arrangements and our effective tax rate. Our stock price, which declined during the second half of 2024 and remained relatively stable during 2025, is influenced by changes in the overall stock market and demand for equity securities in general. Other factors, including our financial performance on an absolute basis and relative to peer companies and competitors, as well as market expectations of our performance, the level of perceived growth or profit of the industries we serve, and other company-specific factors, may also materially adversely affect our stock price. There can be no assurance that our stock price will not continue to experience significant variability in the future. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to repurchase shares of our common stock or pay dividends on our common stock or that repurchases will enhance long-term stockholder value. Changes in our levels of stock repurchases or dividends could affect our stock price and increase its variability. In April 2025, our Board authorized the repurchase of shares of our common stock with a fair market value of up to $750 million, in addition to the amount of shares that were then available for repurchase under our previous Board authorization. In 2025, we repurchased 3.2 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of $575.6 million. As of December 31, 2025, shares of our common stock in the aggregate amount of $526.3 million remained authorized for repurchase under the 2025 Board authorization. We repurchase shares through a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades or accelerated share repurchase transactions. Our share repurchase authorizations do not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares or to repurchase any specific number of shares for any fixed period. The timing and amount of our repurchases, if any, are subject to our capital allocation strategy as it may evolve from time to time, our view of intrinsic value coupled with a disciplined repurchase grid, market and economic conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. We may limit, suspend or discontinue repurchasing shares at any time at our discretion without prior notice. Paying a sustainable dividend is a key part of our capital allocation strategy. Although we increased our quarterly dividend rate by approximately 7% in April 2025, there can be no assurance that we will maintain this rate or approve further increases in the future. We are not obligated to continue declaring dividends, and our payment of dividends could be suspended or discontinued at any time at the discretion of our Board. We will continue to retain future earnings to develop our business, as opportunities arise, and evaluate the amount and timing of future dividends based on our operating results, financial condition, capital allocation strategies and general business conditions. The amount and timing of any future dividends may vary, and the payment of any dividend does not assure that we will pay dividends in the future. In addition, any future repurchases of our common stock or payment of dividends, or any determination to cease repurchasing stock or paying dividends, could affect our stock price and significantly increase its variability. Additionally, any future repurchases of our common stock or payment of dividends could impact our ability to invest in our businesses or pursue acquisitions and venture investments. Although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, there is no assurance that it will do so because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of stock and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program s effectiveness. Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters Infringing intellectual property rights of third parties or inadequately acquiring or protecting our intellectual property could harm our ability to compete or grow. Because our products involve complex technology and chemistry, we are involved from time to time in litigation involving patents and other intellectual property. Parties have filed, and in the future may file, claims against us alleging that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We were party to a litigation, which we settled in 2024, in which ADASA Inc. ( Adasa ), an unrelated third party, alleged that certain of our RFID products within our Solutions Group reportable segment infringed its patent. For more information on this litigation, see Note 8, Contingencies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. If we are held liable for infringement in other matters, we could be required to pay damages, obtain licenses or cease making or selling certain products. There can be no assurance that licenses would be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The defense of these claims, whether or not meritorious, or the development of new technologies would be costly and divert the attention of management. 15 Table of Contents We also have valuable intellectual property upon which third parties may infringe. We seek to protect and restrict access to our intellectual property and proprietary information by relying on the patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws of the U.S. and other countries, as well as non-disclosure agreements. However, it may be possible for a third party to obtain our information without our authorization, independently develop similar technologies, or breach a non-disclosure agreement entered into with us. In addition, many of the countries in which we operate do not have intellectual property laws as protective as those in the U.S. The use of our intellectual property by someone else without our authorization could reduce or eliminate certain competitive advantages we have, cause us to lose sales or otherwise harm our business. Further, the costs associated with protecting our intellectual property rights could materially adversely impact our business. We have obtained and applied for U.S. and foreign trademark registrations and patents, and will continue to evaluate whether to register additional trademarks and apply for additional patents. We cannot guarantee that any of our pending applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities. Further, we cannot assure that the validity of our patents or our trademarks will not be challenged. In addition, third parties may be able to develop competing products using technology that avoids our patents. Unfavorable developments in legal proceedings, investigations and other legal and regulatory matters, could impact us in a materially adverse manner. There can be no assurance that any outcome of any litigation, investigation or other legal, environmental, compliance and regulatory matter will be favorable. Our financial results could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome to pending or future litigation and investigations, and other legal, regulatory, environmental and compliance matters. See Note 8, Contingencies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. We are required to comply with anti-corruption and other compliance laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various international jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are required to comply with the anti-corruption and other compliance laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various international jurisdictions, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK s Bribery Act of 2010. If we fail to comply with anti-corruption laws, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties, including fines, monetary damages and incarceration for responsible employees and managers. In addition, if our distributors or agents fail to comply with these laws, our business may also be materially adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties. We are required to comply with environmental, health, and safety laws at our operations around the world. The costs of complying with these laws is significant and increasing. We are subject to national, state, provincial and/or local environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate, including those related to the disposal of hazardous waste and GHG emissions from our manufacturing processes. These laws, which continue to evolve and impose additional requirements on our current and former manufacturing facilities, can result in liability for the costs of, and damages resulting from, cleaning up current sites, past spills, disposals and other releases of hazardous substances. Enforcement of these laws is subject to the discretion of governmental agencies. Any failure to comply with existing and future environmental, health and safety laws could subject us to fees, penalties, costs or liabilities, impact our production capabilities, limit our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities, and have a material adverse effect on our business. Laws and regulations related to the environment, product content and product safety are complex, change often, and can be open to different interpretations. In addition, we could be materially and adversely impacted by any environmental or product safety enforcement action affecting our suppliers, particularly in emerging markets. We have accrued liabilities for the environmental clean-up of certain sites where it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the cost or amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, including the ten sites for which U.S. governmental agencies have designated us as a potentially responsible party as of our 2025 fiscal year-end. Because of the uncertainties associated with environmental assessment and remediation activities, the actual expense to remediate currently identified sites could be higher than the liabilities accrued and additional sites could be identified in the future. See Note 8, Contingencies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. We are subject to export and import control laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business that could subject us to liability or impair our ability to compete in these markets. Export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of some of our products to embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and persons. While we train our employees to comply with these regulations, use third party screening software and take other precautionary measures, we cannot guarantee that a violation will not occur. A prohibited shipment can have negative consequences, including government investigations, penalties, fines, civil and criminal sanctions and/or reputational harm. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could decrease our ability to export or sell our products internationally. Any limitation on our ability to export or sell our products could materially adversely affect our business. 16 Table of Contents Some of our products are subject to export control laws and regulations and may be exported only with an export license or through an applicable export license exception. If we fail to comply with export licensing, customs regulations, economic sanctions or other laws, we could be subject to substantial civil or criminal penalties, including fines, criminal charges against responsible employees and loss of export or import privileges. In addition, if our distributors fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be materially adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties. Obtaining the necessary export license for a particular sale may be time consuming and expensive and could result in delayed or lost sales. Risks Related to Other Financial Matters Our pension assets and liabilities are significant and subject to market, interest and credit risk that may reduce their asset values or increase their liability values, either of which could increase our net pension liability. Changes in the value of our pension assets, which was approximately $733 million as of December 31, 2025, could materially adversely affect our earnings and cash flows as a result of a decline in the value of our investments due to increases in interest rates or volatility in financial markets. In addition, our pension liabilities, which were approximately $721 million as of December 31, 2025, are subject to interest and inflation risk that may increase their value. We regularly evaluate options to better manage the volatility associated with our pension assets and liabilities and may continue taking actions to reduce the financial volatility associated with our pension liabilities, which could result in significant charges. Although we mitigate these risks by investing in high quality securities, ensuring adequate diversification of our investment portfolio, monitoring our portfolio s overall risk profile and managing its liability profile, our net pension liability may nevertheless increase. The actuarial assumptions used in the measurement of our pension assets and liabilities affect our earnings and cash flows. Changes in accounting standards and government regulations could also affect our pension and postretirement plan expense and funding requirements. We evaluate the assumptions used in determining projected benefit obligations and the fair value of plan assets for our non-U.S. pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans in consultation with outside actuaries. Our pension and projected postretirement benefit expenses and funding requirements increase or decrease as a result of the assumptions we use, including the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return and mortality rates. Because of changing market conditions or changes in participant populations, the actuarial assumptions that we use may differ from actual results, which could have a significant impact on our pension and postretirement benefit obligations and related costs. Funding obligations for each plan are determined based on the value of assets and liabilities on a specific date in accordance with applicable government regulations. Our pension funding requirements, and the timing of funding payments, could also be affected by future laws or regulations. We are implementing plans to comply with the Dutch Pension Act passed in 2023, which requires traditional defined benefit plans to be phased out and transition to defined contribution plans before January 1, 2028. Our Dutch defined benefit plan includes a minimum guaranteed funding ratio that will have to be terminated as part of the transition, for which we will have to compensate the Dutch Pension Fund. An impairment in the carrying value of goodwill could negatively impact our results of operations and net worth. Goodwill is initially recorded at fair value and not amortized and is reviewed for impairment annually (or more frequently if impairment indicators are present). As of December 31, 2025, the carrying value of our goodwill was $2.27 billion. In 2025, we determined that the goodwill of our reporting units was not impaired. In performing impairment tests, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we perform a quantitative assessment. A quantitative assessment primarily consists of comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value, calculating goodwill valuations primarily using an income approach based on the present value of projected future cash flows of each reporting unit. In assessing fair value, we make estimates and assumptions about sales, profit margins, growth rates and discount rates based on our business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management s judgment in applying these factors. We could be required to evaluate the carrying value of goodwill prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to our business, unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of our business or sustained market capitalization declines. These events could result in goodwill impairment charges in the future, which could materially adversely affect our business in the periods in which they are made. 