=== AVY_2026-02-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS The risk factors described in this section could materially adversely affect our business, including our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and cause the value of our securities to decline. This list of risks is not exhaustive. Our ability to attain our goals and objectives is dependent on numerous factors and risks, including, but not limited to, the most significant ones described in this section. Risk Related to Our International Operations The demand for our products is impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, geopolitical, social and labor conditions, which have had in the past and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business. We have operations in more than 50 countries and our domestic and international operations are strongly influenced by matters beyond our control, including changes in economic, geopolitical, social and labor conditions, tax laws, and U.S. and international trade regulations (including tariffs), as well as the impact these changes have on demand for our products. In 2025, approximately 69% of our net sales originated outside the U.S. Macroeconomic developments such as impacts from slower growth in the geographic regions in which we operate; inflation resulting from, among other things, increased raw material, energy and freight costs; labor shortages; geopolitical, social, supply chain and other disruptions; epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of illness, disease or virus; and uncertainty in global credit or financial markets could result in a material adverse effect on our business as a result of, among other things, lower consumer spending, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, reduced asset valuations, diminished liquidity and credit availability, volatility in securities prices, and credit rating downgrades. Trade-related uncertainty remains elevated between the U.S. and other regions and countries, including Canada, Mexico, China, India and the European Union. In 2025, the U.S. implemented a 10% global baseline tariff rate on nearly all imports, with higher rates on certain goods. Additionally, it applied significant tariffs on goods from Canada, Mexico, China and the European Union, each of which announced reciprocal tariffs. The amount of these tariffs or the classes of goods on which they are applied continues to evolve and could significantly change. The U.S. government continues to negotiate with countries regarding the tariffs. In July 2025, the U.S. and the European Union agreed to a framework for a trade deal that included a baseline tariff rate of 15% on most goods imported from the European Union into the U.S. While the direct impacts on our operations after our mitigating actions have not been significant, our business could be materially adversely impacted by changes in U.S. and non-U.S. trade policies, including potential modifications to existing trade agreements and additional tariffs or other restrictions on free trade, impacting our raw materials or finished products. The indirect impact on demand for our products and solutions as a result of these events, which have resulted in softer consumer volumes, continues to be uncertain and elevated. We estimate that the indirect impact of tariffs resulted in an aggregate low single digit rate decrease in sales in our overall apparel categories over the second, third and fourth quarters of 2025. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision holding that the International Emergency Economic Powers Act does not authorize the President to impose tariffs. While this may provide immediate relief from these specific duties, there will likely be a period of trade policy instability. Further developments in international trade relations, including increased deglobalization, could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, business and operational disruptions or delays caused by geopolitical, social or economic instability and unrest – such as recent civil, political and economic disturbances in Syria, Yemen, Iran, Turkey, North Korea, and Bangladesh and the related impact on global stability, the Russia-Ukraine war, the Israel-Hamas war, the U.S.'s engagement in Venezuela, terrorist attacks and the potential for other hostilities or natural disasters in various parts of the world – could have a material adverse effect on our business. Since the Russia-Ukraine war began in 2022, we have maintained our position of not shipping products to the Russian market. The impact of the continuing war, as well as any further retaliatory actions taken by Russia, the U.S., the European Union and other jurisdictions, is unknown and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, our sales in Israel have not recovered since the beginning of the Israel-Hamas war in late 2023, with sales representing less than 1% of our total net sales in 2025. The continued impact of this war and any related hostilities in the Middle East region or elsewhere is unknown and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are not able to predict the duration and severity of adverse economic, geopolitical, social, or labor conditions in the U.S. or other countries. Foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in those rates, affect our business. The majority of our net sales in 2025 was denominated in foreign currencies. Our financial results are therefore subject to the impact of currency translation, which may be material. Overall, our foreign currency transaction exposure is largely mitigated because the costs of our products are generally denominated in the same currencies in which they are sold. 7 Table of Contents Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, such as the unfavorable impacts associated with the Indian rupee and Brazilian real and favorable impacts associated with the euro in 2025, may result in a variety of negative effects, including lower net sales, increased costs, lower gross margins, increased allowance for credit losses and/or write-offs of accounts receivable, and required recognition of impairments of capitalized assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. Foreign currency translation increased our 2025 net sales by approximately $29 million compared to the prior year. We monitor our foreign currency exposures and sometimes use hedging instruments to mitigate some of our transactional exposure to changes in foreign currencies. The effectiveness of our hedges in part depends on our ability to accurately forecast our future cash flows, which is particularly difficult during periods of uncertain demand for our products and services and volatile foreign currency exchange rates. Our hedging activities may offset only a portion, or none at all, of the material adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign currency exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place and we may incur significant losses from these activities. Our operations and activities outside of the U.S. subject us to risks different from and potentially greater than those associated with our domestic operations. A substantial portion of our employees and assets are located outside of the U.S. and, in 2025, approximately 69% of our net sales were generated outside of the U.S. International operations and activities involve risks that are different from and potentially greater than the risks we face in our domestic operations, including changes in foreign geopolitical, regulatory and economic conditions, whether nationally, regionally or locally; changes in foreign currency exchange rates; differing levels of inflation; reduced protection of intellectual property rights; laws and regulations impacting our ability to repatriate foreign earnings; challenges complying with foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to sales, operations, taxes, employment and legal proceedings; establishing effective controls and procedures to monitor compliance with U.S. laws and regulations; differences in lending practices; and challenges with complying with applicable export and import control laws and regulations. Our strategy includes continuing to grow in emerging markets, which exposes us to less stable geopolitical conditions, civil unrest, economic volatility, and other risks applicable to operating in these regions. Approximately 40% of our net sales in 2025 originated in emerging markets. The profitable growth of our business in emerging markets is an important part of our long-term growth strategy and our regional results have and can fluctuate significantly based on their economic conditions and other events that occur more frequently in these markets and can significantly and adversely impact our operations (such as power outages, civil unrest or other hostilities, and labor stoppages). Our business operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the current and future political environment in China, both relating to in-country changes in laws and regulations or the interpretation thereof, as well as a result of its response to tariffs by the U.S. government on goods imported from China, tariffs by China on U.S. goods, the increasing use of economic sanctions and export control restrictions, and tensions related to Hong Kong and Taiwan. If we are unable to successfully expand our business in emerging markets or achieve the return on capital we expect from our investments in these countries, our financial performance would be materially adversely affected. In addition to the risks applicable to our international operations, factors that have negatively impacted our operations in emerging markets from time to time include the less established or reliable legal systems and possible disruptions due to unstable geopolitical conditions, civil unrest or economic volatility. These factors can have a material adverse effect on our business in the affected markets by decreasing consumer purchasing power, reducing demand for our products or increasing our costs. Risks Related to Our Business As a manufacturer, our sales and profitability depend upon the availability and cost of raw materials and energy, which may be subject to significant price fluctuations, and our ability to control or offset increases in raw material and labor costs. Raw material and freight cost increases have impacted our business. Raw materials represent a significant portion of our costs and a critical factor in our profitability. The markets for the raw materials used in our businesses can be volatile, impacting availability and pricing. Additionally, energy costs can be volatile and unpredictable. Shortages and inflationary or other increases in the costs of raw materials, labor, freight and energy have occurred in the past, and could recur. In past years, we implemented targeted price increases in our Materials Group reportable segment to address raw material inflation; more recently, we implemented deflation-related price reductions as a result of lower raw material costs. If we experience inflationary headwinds in the future, we may implement similar pricing actions. Our performance depends in part on our ability to offset increased raw material costs by raising our selling prices or re-engineering our products. It is also important for us to obtain timely delivery of materials, equipment and other resources from suppliers, and to make timely delivery to customers. We may experience supply chain disruptions due to natural and other disasters or other events, or our existing relationships with suppliers could deteriorate or end in the future. While we undertake business continuity planning and take actions to mitigate these disruptions when they occur, such as sourcing from other regions or suppliers, any disruption in our supply chain could negatively impact our sales and profitability, and any sustained inability to obtain adequate supplies could have a material adverse effect on our business. 8 Table of Contents We are affected by changes in our markets due to competitive conditions, technological developments, laws and regulations, and customer preferences. If we do not compete effectively or respond appropriately to these changes, it could reduce demand for our products and solutions, or we could lose market share or reduce our selling prices to maintain market share, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. Growing the proportion of our portfolio in high-value categories that serve markets that are growing faster than gross domestic product, represent large pools of potential profit and leverage our core capabilities is an important part of our long-term growth strategy. High-value products and solutions include our specialty and durable label materials, graphics and reflective solutions, industrial and medical tapes, and trade and specialty adhesives; intelligent labels that use RFID tags and inlays; shelf-edge pricing, productivity and consumer engagement solutions; and external embellishments. We face the risk that existing or new competitors, which include some of our customers, distributors and suppliers, will expand in our key market segments or develop new technologies, including in high-value categories, enhancing their competitive position relative to ours. Competitors also may be able to offer products, services, lower prices or other incentives that we cannot or that, to maintain profitability, we may not be able to offer. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or new technologies. We are also exposed to changes in customer order patterns, such as changes in the levels of inventory maintained by customers and the timing of customer purchases and new intelligent label program rollouts, which are affected by announced pricing actions, changes in our customer incentive programs, our customers' ability to achieve incentive targets, as well as changes in trade policy. Changes in customers’ preferences for our products can also decrease demand for our products and have a material adverse effect on our business. In our Solutions Group reportable segment, sales in our overall apparel categories declined in 2025 as a result of tariff-related uncertainty. In our Materials Group reportable segment, as supply chain constraints eased in 2022, customers increased inventory levels following a period of reduced availability. In the fourth quarter of 2022, inventories downstream from our company began to unwind swiftly, resulting in lower demand. This continued in 2023, with volume improving sequentially throughout that year and normalizing in 2024. We are affected by changes in our markets due to increasing environmental regulations and sustainability trends. If we do not respond appropriately to these changes, it could negatively impact customer demand, our market share and pricing, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including those related to the impacts of climate change, have and can adversely affect our business. A substantial amount of our label materials is sold for use in packaging in the food, beverage, and home and personal care market segments. In recent years, there has been an accelerated focus on sustainability and transparency in sustainability reporting, with greater concern regarding climate change and single-use plastics, corporate commitments and increasing stakeholder expectations regarding the reuse and recyclability of plastic packaging and recycled content, and increased regulation in multiple geographies regarding the collection, recycling and use of recycled content. Changes in consumer preferences, laws and regulations related to the use of raw materials and extended producer responsibility rules focused on the end-of-life of products, particularly in Europe and certain states in the United States, present the risk of reduced demand for certain of our products if customers seek decoration technology alternatives to pressure-sensitive labeling, but also the opportunity for increased demand for our more sustainable products, a significant focus of our research and development and related innovation efforts. We have established strategic innovation platforms and priorities focused, among other things, on delivering products and solutions that advance the circular economy, reduce supply chain waste and address the need for increased recyclability of packaging. We have made substantial investments in our sustainability-driven products, but there can be no assurance that they will be successful, and a significant reduction in the use of packaging could materially adversely affect demand for our products. Changes in sustainability-focused regulation present a risk to our business. In February 2026, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency rescinded its 2009 Greenhouse Gas Endangerment Finding, which served as the foundation for various regulations of GHG emissions. Conversely, while currently in a state of flux, reporting requirements such as the European Union's Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, which will impose additional disclosure requirements for our company beginning in 2028 (based on 2027 data), and the state of California’s climate reporting requirements are expected to increase the amount of sustainability data we are required to generate, audit, verify through third-parties and disclose. Developments in regulatory actions regarding these matters are likely to continue and may require conflicting responses, which could divert the attention of management. In addition, costs to comply with these regulations are likely to grow and any failure to meet the requirements of these regulations could result in fines or other penalties. The scientific consensus is that emissions of greenhouse gases (“GHG”) are altering our atmosphere in ways that are adversely affecting global climate. There is continuing concern from members of the scientific community and the general public that GHG emissions and other human activities will continue causing significant changes in weather patterns and increase the frequency or severity of extreme weather events, including droughts, wildfires and flooding. These types of extreme weather events have and may continue to adversely impact us, our suppliers and our customers, including their ability to purchase our products and our ability to timely receive appropriate raw materials to manufacture and transport our products on a timely basis. The extent of the impact of climate change on our business is uncertain, as it will depend on the limits imposed by, and timing of, new or stricter laws and regulations, more stringent environmental standards and expectations, and evolving customer and consumer preferences, but it is likely to increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business. After partnering with a third-party expert to assess our disclosures against the recommendations regarding the information that companies should disclose to allow their stakeholders to assess and price 9 Table of Contents their climate-related risks, we have preliminarily aligned our reporting with Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures requirements. Concern regarding climate change has also led and is likely to continue leading to increasing demands by legislators and regulators, customers, consumers, investors, employees and non-governmental organizations for companies to reduce their GHG emissions. We exceeded our 2025 sustainability goal to achieve a 26% absolute cumulative reduction in our GHG emissions from our 2015 baseline, delivering an absolute cumulative reduction of approximately 60%. As part of our more ambitious 2030 sustainability goals, we are aiming by 2030 to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 70% compared to our 2015 baseline and work with our supply chain to reduce Scope 3 GHG emissions. We could face risks to our reputation, investor confidence and market share if we are unable to continue reducing our GHG emissions at levels satisfactory to our stakeholders. We have recently acquired companies and are likely to acquire other companies. Acquisitions come with significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to integration, technology and employees. To drive our strategies to increase the proportion of our business from high-value categories, enhance our portfolio by growing our existing businesses and expanding into new areas, and accelerate market-driven innovation, we have made acquisitions and are likely to continue acquiring companies. In 2025, we acquired Taylor Adhesives for purchase consideration of approximately $390 million. The success of any acquisition depends on the ability of the combined company to realize the anticipated benefits from combining our businesses. Realizing these benefits depends, in part, on maintaining adequate focus on executing the business strategies of the combined company as well as the successful integration of assets, operations, functions and personnel. We continue to evaluate acquisition targets and ensure we have a pipeline of potential opportunities. Various risks, uncertainties and costs are associated with acquisitions. Effective integration of systems, controls, employees, product lines, market segments, customers, suppliers and production facilities and cost savings can be difficult to achieve and the success of integration activities can be uncertain. While we have not experienced significant issues with our recent acquisitions, if management of our combined company is unable to minimize the potential disruption of the combined company’s ongoing business during the integration process, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition may not be fully realized. In addition, the inability to successfully manage the implementation of appropriate systems, policies, benefits and compliance programs for the combined company could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not be able to retain key employees of an acquired company or achieve the projected performance targets for the business into which an acquired company is integrated. Both before and after the closing of an acquisition, our business and that of the acquired company may suffer due to uncertainty or diversion of management attention. Future acquisitions could result in increased debt, dilution, liabilities, interest expense, restructuring charges and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. There can be no assurance that acquisitions will be successful, contribute to our profitability or drive accretive returns. Further, we may not be able to identify additional value-accretive acquisition targets that can advance our strategies or be able to successfully execute additional acquisitions in the future. A significant consolidation of our customer base could negatively impact our business. A significant consolidation of our customer base could negatively impact our business. In 2025, no single customer represented 10% or more of our net sales, with our customer base highly fragmented. In recent years, some of the converter customers served by our Materials Group reportable segment have consolidated and integrated vertically and some of our largest customers have acquired companies with similar or complementary product lines. Industry consolidation could continue to increase the concentration of our business with our largest customers. Further consolidation may increase pressure from customers for us to lower our selling prices. While we have been generally successful at managing customer consolidations in the past, increased pricing pressures from our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. Because some of our products are sold by third parties, our business depends in part on the financial condition of these parties and their customers. Some of our products are sold by third-party distributors. Some of our distributors also market products that compete with our products. Changes in the financial or business conditions, including economic weakness, market trends or industry consolidation, or the purchasing decisions of these distributors or their customers, could materially adversely affect our business. Our reputation, sales, and earnings could be materially adversely affected if the quality of our products and services does not meet customer expectations. In addition, product liability claims or regulatory actions could materially adversely affect our business and reputation. There are times when we experience product quality issues resulting from defective materials, manufacturing, packaging or design. These issues are often discovered before shipping, causing delays in shipping, delays in the manufacturing process, or, occasionally, cancelled orders. When issues are discovered after shipment, they may result in additional shipping costs, discounts, refunds or loss of future sales. Both pre-shipping and post-shipping quality issues could have a material adverse effect on our business and negatively impact our reputation. Claims for losses or injuries purportedly caused by some of our products arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage, claims are subject to a deductible or may not be covered under 10 Table of Contents the terms of the policy. In addition to the risk of substantial monetary judgments and penalties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, product liability claims or regulatory actions could result in negative publicity, reputational harm or loss of brand value. We also could be required to recall and possibly discontinue the sale of products deemed to be defective or unsafe, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expense. Changes in our business strategies and the restructuring of our operations affect our costs and the profitability of our businesses. In addition, our profitability may be materially adversely affected if we generate less productivity improvement from our restructuring and other cost reduction actions than anticipated. As our business environment changes, we have adjusted and may need to further adjust our business strategies, restructure our operations or particular businesses, or adjust our operational footprint. As we continue to develop and adjust our growth strategies, we may invest in new businesses that have short-term returns that are negative or low and whose ultimate business prospects are uncertain or could be unprofitable. We engage in restructuring actions from time to time to reduce our costs and increase efficiencies. We expended approximately $47 million in 2025 compared to approximately $42 million related to restructuring actions in 2024. Our restructuring actions in 2025 related to various locations across our company in both our Solutions Group and Materials Group reportable segments. We had incremental savings from restructuring actions, net of transition costs, of more than $60 million in 2025. As part of our continuous efficiency improvement culture, we intend to continue our efforts to reduce costs, which have in the past included, and may continue to include, facility closures and square footage reductions, headcount reductions, organizational restructuring, process standardization, and manufacturing relocation. For example, in 2025, we completed a European footprint optimization in Belgium for our Materials Group reportable segment, and in 2024, we consolidated our Solutions Group reportable segment's operations in Mexico. The success of these efforts is not assured and targeted savings may not be realized. In addition, cost reduction actions can result in restructuring charges and could expose us to production risk, loss of sales and employee turnover. We cannot provide assurance that we will achieve the intended results of any of our restructuring and other cost reduction actions, which involve operational complexities, consume management attention and require substantial resources and effort. If we fail to achieve the intended results of such actions, our costs could increase, our assets could be impaired, and our savings from these actions could be lower than expected. Our ability to develop and successfully market new products and applications impacts our competitive position. The timely introduction of new products and improvements to current products helps determine our success. Many of our current products are the result of our research and development efforts, for which we expensed $137 million in 2025. These efforts are directed primarily toward developing new products and solutions and operating techniques and improving product performance, often in close association with our customers or end users. These efforts include patent and product development work relating to printing and coating technologies, as well as adhesive, release and ink chemistries in our Materials Group reportable segment. We focus on research projects related to RFID, external embellishments and digital solutions in our Solutions Group reportable segment. Additionally, our research and development efforts include sustainable innovation and design of products that increase the use of recycled content, reduce waste, extend life or enable recycling. Research and development requires innovation and anticipation of market trends, which means that the costs of these expenditures may not be recovered through additional sales. We could focus on products that ultimately are not accepted by customers or end users or we could experience delays in the production or launch of new products that could compromise our competitive position. Our infrastructure needs impact our business and expenditures. We continue t

=== AVY_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes to the risk factors included in Part I, Item 1A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 that have not been disclosed in our periodic filings with the SEC, except as set forth below. The demand for our products is impacted by the effects of, and changes in, worldwide economic, geopolitical, social and labor conditions, which have had in the past and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business. We have operations in more than 50 countries and our domestic and international operations are strongly influenced by matters beyond our control, including changes in economic, geopolitical, social and labor conditions, tax laws, and U.S. and international trade regulations (including tariffs), as well as the impact these changes have on demand for our products. In 2025, approximately 69% of our net sales originated outside the U.S. Macroeconomic developments such as impacts from slower growth in the geographic regions in which we operate; inflation resulting from, among other things, increased raw material, energy and freight costs; labor shortages; geopolitical, social, supply chain and other disruptions; epidemics, pandemics or other outbreaks of illness, disease or virus; and uncertainty in global credit or financial markets could result in a material adverse effect on our business as a result of, among other things, lower consumer spending, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, reduced asset valuations, diminished liquidity and credit availability, volatility in securities prices, and credit rating downgrades. Trade-related uncertainty remains elevated between the U.S. and other regions and countries, including Canada, Mexico, China, India and the European Union. In 2025, the U.S. implemented a 10% global baseline tariff rate on nearly all imports, with higher rates on certain goods. Additionally, it applied significant tariffs on goods from Canada, Mexico, China and the European Union, each of which announced reciprocal tariffs. The amount of these tariffs or the classes of goods on which they are applied continues to evolve and could significantly change. The U.S. government continues to negotiate with countries regarding the tariffs. In July 2025, the U.S. and the European Union agreed to a framework for a trade deal that included a baseline tariff rate of 15% on most goods imported from the European Union into the U.S. While the direct impacts on our operations after our mitigating actions have not been significant, our business could be materially adversely impacted by changes in U.S. and non-U.S. trade policies, including potential modifications to existing trade agreements and additional tariffs or other restrictions on free trade, impacting our raw materials or finished products. The indirect impact on demand for our products and solutions as a result of these events, which have resulted in softer consumer volumes, continues to be uncertain and elevated. We estimate that the indirect impact of tariffs resulted in an aggregate low single digit rate decrease in sales in our overall apparel categories over the second, third and fourth quarters of 2025. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision holding that the International Emergency Economic Powers Act does not authorize the President to impose tariffs. While this may provide immediate relief from these specific duties, there will likely be a period of trade policy instability. Further developments in international trade relations, including increased deglobalization, could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, business and operational disruptions or delays caused by geopolitical, social or economic instability and unrest – such as recent civil, political and economic disturbances in Syria, Yemen, Iran, Turkey, North Korea, and Bangladesh and the related impact on global stability, recent conflicts involving the U.S., Israel and Iran and related hostilities in the Middle East, the Russia-Ukraine war, the Israel-Hamas war, the U.S.'s engagement in Venezuela, terrorist attacks and the potential for other hostilities or natural disasters in various parts of the world – could have a material adverse effect on our business. Since the Russia-Ukraine war began in 2022, we have maintained our position of not shipping products to the Russian market. The impact of the continuing war, as well as any further retaliatory actions taken by Russia, the U.S., the European Union and other jurisdictions, is unknown and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, our sales in Israel have not recovered since the beginning of the Israel-Hamas war in late 2023, with sales representing less than 1% of our total net sales in 2025. The recent conflicts involving the U.S., Israel and Iran have affected our operations in the Middle East, a region that represented approximately 2% of our net sales in 2025. The continued impact of these conflicts and any related hostilities in the Middle East region or elsewhere is unknown and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are not able to predict the duration and severity of adverse economic, geopolitical, social, or labor conditions in the U.S. or other countries. 27 Table of Contents Avery Dennison Corporation ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS (a) Not Applicable (b) Not Applicable (c) Repurchases of Equity Securities by Issuer Repurchases by us or our “affiliated purchasers” (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of registered equity securities in the first quarter of 2026 are shown in the table below. Repurchased shares may be reissued under our long-term incentive plan or used for other corporate purposes. Period Total number of shares purchased (1) Average price paid per share (2) Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans (1)(3) Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans (3)(4) January 14.6 $ 182.34 14.6 $ 523.6 February 44.8 193.06 44.8 515.0 March 286.2 172.30 286.2 465.7 Total 345.6 $ 175.42 345.6 $ 465.7 (1) Shares in thousands. (2) Average price paid per share includes transaction costs to acquire the shares and excludes the non-deductible 1% excise tax on the net value of repurchases imposed under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. (3) In April 2025, our Board authorized the repurchase of shares of our common stock with a fair market value of up to $750.0 million, excluding any fees, commissions or other expenses related to such purchases and in addition to the amount outstanding under our previous Board authorization. Board authorizations remain in effect until shares in the amount authorized thereunder have been repurchased. (4) Dollars in millions. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES Not Applicable ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION There were no Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K) adopted or terminated by any of our directors or executive officers during the first quarter of 2026. 28 Table of Contents Avery Dennison Corporation ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed on April 28, 2011 with the Office of Delaware Secretary of State (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2011) Exhibit 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Avery Dennison Corporation, effective as of April 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2024) Exhibit 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Avery Dennison Corporation, effective as of February 26 , 20 26 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3. 1 to t