=== APA_2026-02-26.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The Company’s business activities and the value of its securities are subject to significant hazards and risks, including those described below. If any of such events should occur, the Company’s business, financial condition, liquidity, and/or results of operations could be materially harmed, and holders and purchasers of APA’s securities could lose part or all of their investments. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that the Company currently considers immaterial may also adversely affect the Company. RISKS RELATED TO COMMODITY PRICES, DEMAND, AND PRODUCTION Crude oil, natural gas, and NGL prices and their volatility could adversely affect the Company’s operating results and the price of APA’s common stock. The Company’s revenues, operating results, future rate of growth, and carrying value of its oil and gas properties depend highly upon the prices it receives for its sales of crude oil, natural gas, and NGL products. Historically, the markets for these commodities have been volatile and are likely to continue to be volatile in the future. For example, the NYMEX daily settlement price for the prompt month oil contract in 2025 ranged from a high of $80.73 per barrel to a low of $55.44 per barrel, and the NYMEX daily settlement price for the prompt month natural gas contract in 2025 ranged from a high of $9.86 per MMBtu to a low of $2.65 per MMBtu. The market prices for crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs depend on factors beyond the Company’s control, including: • demand, which fluctuates with changes in market and economic conditions; • worldwide and domestic supplies and/or inventories of crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs and the availability of related pipeline, transportation, import/export, and refining capacity and infrastructure; • actions taken by foreign oil and gas producing nations, including the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC members that participate in OPEC initiatives (OPEC+); • political conditions and events in oil and gas producing regions, including instabilities, changes in governments, or armed conflicts; • the price, competitiveness, decision to use, and availability of alternative fuels and energy sources, including coal, biofuels, and renewables; • increased competitiveness of, and demand for, alternative energy sources; • technological advances affecting energy supply and energy consumption, including those that alter fuel choices; • the availability of pipeline capacity and infrastructure; • the availability of crude oil transportation and refining capacity; • weather conditions; • the impact of political pressure and the influence of environmental groups, investors, and other stakeholders on decisions and policies related to the oil and gas industry, including with respect to environmental, social, and governance matters; • the timing, scope, implementation, and potential judicial review of energy transition and climate-related policies and regulations (such as methane fees, emissions reporting requirements, carbon pricing mechanisms, and other climate-related measures); • domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes, including changes or initiatives to address the impacts of global climate change, hydraulic fracturing, methane emissions, flaring, or water disposal; and • the overall economic environment, including rates of growth, trade tensions, and increasing inflationary pressure. 18 Low prices have previously adversely affected and could from time to time in the future adversely affect the Company’s revenues, operating income, cash flow, and proved reserves, and a prolonged period of low prices could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s results of operations and cash flows and limit its ability to fund capital expenditures and return capital to its shareholders. Without the ability to fund capital expenditures, the Company would be unable to replace reserves and production. Sustained low prices of crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs could also further adversely impact the Company’s business, including by weakening the Company’s financial condition and reducing its liquidity, limiting the Company’s ability to fund planned capital expenditures and operations, causing the Company to delay or postpone some of its capital projects or reallocate capital to different projects or regions, limiting the Company’s access to sources of capital, such as equity and long-term debt, or reducing the carrying value of the Company’s oil and gas properties, resulting in additional non-cash impairments. The Company’s ability to sell crude oil, natural gas, or NGLs, receive market prices for these commodities, meet volume commitments under transportation services agreements, and/or economically market third-party volumes may be adversely affected by pipeline and gathering system capacity changes, the inability to procure and resell volumes economically, various transportation interruptions or expansions, and the financial distress or insolvency of midstream or transportation providers that could reduce available capacity or disrupt service. A portion of the Company’s crude oil, natural gas, and NGL production in any region may be, and previously have been, interrupted, limited, or shut in from time to time for numerous reasons, including as a result of weather conditions, accidents, loss of pipeline or gathering system access, field labor issues or strikes, cyberattacks or terrorist events, or capital constraints, financial distress, or insolvency of third-party providers that limit the ability of such third parties to construct gathering systems, processing facilities, or interstate pipelines to transport the Company’s production. Additionally, the Company has previously and may in the future voluntarily curtail production in response to market conditions, such as weak or negative prices. If a substantial amount of the Company’s production is interrupted or curtailed at the same time, it could temporarily adversely affect the Company’s cash flows. Further, if the Company is unable to procure and resell third-party volumes at or above a net price that covers the cost of transportation, the Company’s cash flows could be adversely affected. As additional gas pipeline takeaway capacity in the Permian Basin comes online, the spread between Permian and Gulf Coast gas prices may compress, which would reduce the Company’s gain on third-party oil and gas purchases and sales. The Company’s commodity price and other risk management and trading activities, including interest rate and foreign exchange hedging, and contracts priced in foreign currencies may prevent it from benefiting fully from price increases and market movements and may expose it to other risks. To the extent that the Company engages in price risk management activities to protect itself from commodity price declines, the Company may be prevented from realizing the benefits of price increases. Similarly, to the extent the Company enters into derivative contracts to manage exposure to interest rate or foreign exchange risk or enters into contracts priced in a foreign currency, it may be limited in its ability to benefit from favorable movements in interest rates or currency exchange rates or may incur additional expense converting to a foreign currency to fund contractual obligations. The Company’s hedging arrangements may expose it to the risk of financial loss, including when production falls short of the hedged volumes, price-basis differentials widen, a hedging counterparty defaults, or an unexpected event materially impacts commodity prices. In addition, because the Company does not apply hedge accounting to its derivative instruments, changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized in current-period earnings, which may introduce earnings volatility even when the underlying exposure is intended to be economically hedged. Public health events, workforce disruptions, or similar global or regional events have previously and may in the future adversely impact the Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations. Public health events, including related workforce availability constraints, travel restrictions, supply chain disruptions, or government-mandated operational limitations, have previously adversely impacted and may from time to time in the future adversely impact the global economy, cause significant volatility in financial markets, and reduce the demand for, and the prices of, oil, natural gas, and NGLs, which may materially adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. RISKS RELATED TO OPERATIONS, SAFETY, AND EXPLORATION AND DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS The Company’s operations involve a high degree of operational risk, particularly risk of personal injury, damage to or loss of property, and environmental accidents. The Company’s operations are subject to hazards and risks inherent in the drilling, production, and transportation of crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs, including well blowouts, explosions, fires, cratering, pipeline or other facility ruptures and 19 spills, adverse weather conditions, including those impacting the Company’s offshore operating areas, surface spillage and ground water contamination, and failure or loss of equipment. These events, including ineffective containment of such events, have previously and could in the future result in property damages, personal injury, environmental pollution, and other damages for which the Company could be liable. If a significant amount of the Company’s production is interrupted, containment efforts prove to be ineffective, or litigation arises as the result of a catastrophic occurrence, the Company’s cash flows and, in turn, its results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The Company has previously not realized, and may in the future not realize, an adequate return on wells that it drills. Drilling for oil and gas involves numerous risks, including that the Company may not encounter commercially productive oil or gas reservoirs or may not recover all or any portion of its investment in the wells it drills. Management has previously determined, and may in the future determine, that wells or development projects have failed to meet expected economic thresholds because of drilling results, cost inflation, commodity price volatility, revised development plans, demand for oil, natural gas, and NGLs, or other information, and in such cases, the Company may elect not to pursue or complete those activities. The costs of drilling, completing, and operating wells are often uncertain, and drilling operations are subject to a variety of risks, including unexpected drilling conditions (such as pressure or formation irregularities), equipment failures or accidents, catastrophic events, marine risks, adverse weather conditions, and increases in the cost of or shortages or delays in the availability of drilling rigs, equipment, and labor. In addition, exploratory drilling involves greater risks of dry holes or failure to find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. Any such events could have an adverse effect on the Company’s future results of operations and financial condition. Exploration costs and dry hole expenses incurred by the Company during the reporting period are further discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and reflected in the consolidated financial statements included herein. Frontier exploration and development projects, including those in new or re-entered jurisdictions, involve heightened operational, regulatory, and execution risks that could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. The Company’s exploration and development portfolio includes higher‑risk frontier opportunities, including in Alaska and offshore Suriname and Uruguay, which may involve extended timelines, complex permitting and stakeholder processes, logistical constraints, and heightened regulatory scrutiny. Operations in new countries or areas where the Company has limited recent operating history may also require the establishment or reestablishment of local relationships, workforce and supply chains, regulatory familiarity, and infrastructure, and may expose the Company to unfamiliar legal frameworks, fiscal regimes, community engagement expectations, and political dynamics. Delays or adverse outcomes in permitting, litigation (including parties seeking legal or equitable relief to prevent or otherwise limit exploration activities, such as for the acquisition of seismic data or for drilling operations), appraisal drilling, or commercial development decisions could result in the deferral, impairment, or partial or complete loss of anticipated value of exploration, development, and production assets and the recognition of additional exploration expense. In addition, unanticipated technical, geological, operational, or regulatory challenges in such jurisdictions could increase capital requirements, extend project timelines, or adversely affect the commercial viability of these projects. These risks may be amplified in jurisdictions where regulatory regimes are evolving or where litigation or public opposition to offshore exploration activities has increased. The Company’s insurance policies do not cover all of the risks the Company faces, which could result in significant financial exposure. Exploration for and production of crude oil, natural gas, and NGLs involves hazards, which can result in damage to or destruction of wells or production facilities, injury to persons, loss of life, or damage to property or the environment. The Company’s international operations are also subject to political and economic risks. The insurance coverage that the Company maintains against certain losses or liabilities arising from its operations may be inadequate to cover any such resulting liability; moreover, insurance is not available to the Company against all operational risks. While certain insurance policies of the Company may provide coverage for such events, if the Company were to incur a significant liability for which it was not fully insured, then it could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, if such an event were to occur, then the proceeds of any such insurance may not be paid in a timely manner or may not be sufficient to cover all of the Company’s losses. 20 A cyberattack targeting systems and infrastructure used by the Company or others in the oil and gas industry may adversely impact the Company’s operations. There are numerous and evolving risks to the Company’s data, technology, and information systems from cyber threat actors, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, and employee malfeasance. The Company’s operations are dependent on digital technologies, including to estimate reserves, process financial and operating data, analyze drilling information, and communicate with personnel. Unauthorized access to the Company’s data, technology, and information systems could lead to operational disruption, communication interruption, disruption in access to financial reporting systems, and loss, misuse, or corruption of data and proprietary information. In addition, unauthorized access to third party information systems could interrupt the oil and gas distribution and refining systems in the U.S. and abroad, which are necessary to transport and market the Company’s production. Cyberattacks directed at oil and gas distribution systems have previously and could again in the future damage critical distribution and storage assets or the environment. The potential impacts of a cyber incident could be made worse by a delay or failure to detect the occurrence, continuance, or extent of such an incident. The Company may be required to expend further resources to protect its digital systems and data as cyber threat actors become more sophisticated and as regulations related to cyberattacks become more complex. Cyberattacks, including malicious software, data privacy breaches by employees, insiders, or others with authorized access to the Company’s systems, cyber or phishing attacks, ransomware attacks, supply chain vulnerabilities, business email compromises, other attempts to gain unauthorized access to the Company’s data and systems, and other electronic security breaches could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, cause it to incur a material financial loss, subject it to possible legal claims and liability, and/or damage its reputation. While the Company has not suffered any material losses as a result of cyberattacks, there is no assurance that the Company will not suffer such losses in the future. See I tem 1C — Cy bers ecurity for additional information regarding the Company’s cybersecurity risk management and governance. Material differences between the estimated and actual timing of critical events or costs may affect the completion and commencement of production from development projects. The Company is involved in several large development projects, and the completion of these projects may be delayed beyond the Company’s anticipated completion dates. These projects may be delayed by approvals from joint venture partners, timely issuances of permits and licenses by governmental agencies, weather conditions, cost inflation, availability, manufacturing, and delivery schedules of critical vessels and equipment, customs and logistics, cash-call timing or funding shortfalls, and other unforeseen events. Delays and differences between estimated and actual timing of critical events and development costs (including for equipment and personnel) may adversely affect the Company’s large development projects (including forcing the Company to abandon such projects) and its ability to participate in large-scale development projects in the future. RISKS RELATED TO RESERVES, ESTIMATES, AND LEASEHOLDS Discoveries or acquisitions of additional reserves are needed to avoid a material decline in reserves and production. The production rate from oil and natural gas properties generally declines as reserves are depleted, while related per-unit production costs generally increase as a result of decreasing reservoir pressures and other factors. Therefore, future oil and gas production is highly dependent upon the Company’s level of success in adding reserves through exploration and development activities, identifying additional behind-pipe zones, secondary recovery reserves, or tertiary recovery reserves through engineering studies, or acquiring additional properties containing proved reserves. As oil or natural gas prices increase, the Company’s cost for additional reserves could also increase. The Company may fail to fully identify potential problems related to acquired reserves or to properly estimate those reserves. Although the Company performs a review of properties that it acquires, which the Company believes is consistent with industry practices, such reviews are inherently incomplete, and environmental problems, such as groundwater contamination, are not necessarily observable even when an inspection is undertaken. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved oil and gas reserves and future production rates and costs with respect to acquired properties, and actual results may vary substantially from those assumed in the estimates. There can be no assurance that acquisitions will not adversely impact the Company’s operating results, particularly during their integration into the Company’s ongoing operations. 21 Crude oil, natural gas, and NGL reserves are estimates, and actual recoveries may vary significantly. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in the process of estimating crude oil, natural gas, and NGL reserves and their value, which is highly subjective and relies on the quality of available data and the accuracy of engineering and geological interpretation. The Company’s reserves estimates are based on 12-month average prices, except where contractual arrangements exist, consistent with applicable SEC pricing and reporting rules. Therefore, changes in future commodity prices or in development plans can materially impact reported reserves. The estimates of the Company’s proved reserves and estimated future net revenues also depend on a number of factors and assumptions that may vary considerably from actual results, including historical production from the area compared with production from other areas, the results of drilling, testing, and production for a reservoir over time, the use of volumetric analysis versus production history, the effects of changes in laws (including emissions regulations, infrastructure modernization requirements, and taxes), future operating, workover, and remediation costs, and capital expenditures. For example, during 2024, the Company recorded $796 million of impairments for certain of its North Sea proved properties as a result of several new regulatory guidelines and obligations in the U.K. Accordingly, reserves estimates may be subject to adjustment, and actual production, revenue, and expenditures with respect to the Company’s reserves likely will vary, possibly materially, from estimates. In addition, realization or recognition of proved undeveloped reserves will depend on the Company’s development schedule and plans. A change in future development plans for proved undeveloped reserves could cause the discontinuation of the classification of these reserves as proved. Certain of the Company’s undeveloped leasehold acreage is subject to leases that will expire over the next several years unless production is established on units containing the acreage. A sizable portion of the Company’s acreage is currently undeveloped. Unless production in paying quantities is established on units containing certain of these leases during their terms, the leases will expire. If the leases expire, the Company will lose its right to develop the related properties. The Company’s drilling plans for these areas are subject to change based upon various factors, including drilling results, commodity prices, the availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs, availability of drilling services and equipment, gathering system and pipeline transportation constraints, and regulatory approvals. RISKS RELATED TO COUNTERPARTIES AND JOINT VENTURES The credit risk of financial institutions could adversely affect the Company and result in a significant loss. The Company is party to numerous transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, investment banks, insurance companies, other investment funds, and other institutions, including in the form of derivative transactions in connection with any hedges and claims under the Company’s insurance policies, which expose the Company to credit risk in the event of default of the counterparty. Deterioration or volatility in the credit or financial markets, changes in commodity prices, and changes in a counterparty’s liquidity may affect the counterparties’ ability to fulfill their existing obligations to the Company. In addition, if any lender under the Company’s credit facilities is unable to fund its commitment, the Company’s liquidity may be reduced by an amount up to the aggregate amount of such lender’s commitment thereunder. Furthermore, the bankruptcy of one or more of the Company’s counterparties or some other similar proceeding or liquidity constraint might make it unlikely that the Company would be able to collect all or a significant portion of amounts owed to it by the distressed entity or entities, and the Company could incur a significant loss. The distressed financial conditions of the Company’s partners and the purchasers of the Company’s products or assets have had and could have an adverse impact on the Company in the event they are unable to reimburse the Company for their share of costs or to pay the Company for the products or services the Company provides. The Company is exposed to risk of financial loss from trade, joint venture, joint interest billing, and other receivables. As a result of previous severe declines in commodity prices, some of the Company’s customers and non-operating partners experienced severe financial problems. The Company cannot provide assurance that one or more of its financially distressed customers or non-operating partners will not default on their obligations to the Company (including as a result of their filing for bankruptcy or other liquidity constraints) or that such a default or defaults will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial position, future results of operations, or future cash flows. The Company’s liabilities, including for the decommissioning of previously owned assets, could be adversely affected in the event one or more of its transaction counterparties are financially distressed or become the subject of a bankruptcy case. The agreements relating to the Company’s divestment of domestic and international assets generally contain provisions pursuant to which liabilities related to past and future operations (one of the most significant of which is the decommissioning 22 of wells and facilities) are allocated between the parties by means of liability assumptions, indemnities, escrows, trusts, surety bonds, letters of credit, and similar arrangements. One or more of the counterparties in these transactions could fail to perform its obligations under these agreements as a result of financial distress or bankruptcy, which may force the Company to use available cash to cover the costs of such obligations, pending final resolution of any claims the Company may have against the counterparty, which could adversely impact the Company’s cash flows, operations, or financial condition. For additional information regarding Apache’s prior Gulf of America properties and the bankruptcy of the purchaser of those properties, see the information set forth under “Potential Decommissioning Obligations on Sold Properties” in Note 10—Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company does not always control decisions made under joint operating agreements or joint ventures, and the parties to such agreements or ventures may fail to meet their obligations. The Company conducts many of its exploration and production (E&P) operations through joint operating agreements or joint ventures with other parties, including state-owned or government-controlled entities. The Company may not control decisions made under such agreements or ventures, either because it does not have a controlling interest in the venture or is not an operator under the agreement. The other parties to these arrangements may have economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with the Company’s, including priorities set by governmental or state-owned counterparties, or that are influenced by governmental policy, fiscal priorities, or broader economic or social conditions, which may affect decision making, capital allocation, payment timing, or operational approvals. Therefore, decisions may be made that the Company does not believe are in its best interest. Moreover, parties to such agreements or ventures may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations, and the Company may be required to fulfill those obligations alone. In either case, the value of the investment and the Company’s business and financial condition may be adversely affected. RISKS RELATED TO CAPITAL MARKETS, LIQUIDITY, AND TAX MATTERS A downgrade in the Company’s credit rating could negatively impact its cost of and ability to access capital. The Company receives debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies in the U.S. Factors that may impact the Company’s credit ratings include its debt levels, planned asset purchases or sales, and near-term and long-term production growth opportunities. Liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, product mix, commodity pricing levels, and other factors are also considered by the rating agencies. A ratings downgrade could adversely impact the Company’s ability to access debt markets in the future and increase the cost of future debt. Past ratings downgrades have required, and any future downgrades may require, the Company to post letters of credit or other forms of collateral for certain obligations. Market conditions may restrict the Company’s ability to obtain funds for future development and working capital needs, which may limit its financial flexibility. The financial markets are subject to fluctuation and are vulnerable to unpredictable swings. The Company has a significant development project inventory and an extensive exploration portfolio, which will require substantial future investment. The Company and/or its partners may need to seek financing to fund these or other future activities. The Company’s future access to capital, as well as that of its partners and contractors, could be limited if the debt or equity markets are constrained or if financial institutions, investors, or insurers limit exposure to oil and gas companies or modify underwriting standards in response to climate-related or other policy developments. This could significantly delay development of the Company’s property interests. The Company’s syndicated revolving credit facilities currently mature in January 2030. There is no assurance of the terms upon which potential lenders under future agreements will make loans or other extensions of credit available to the Company or its subsidiaries or the composition of such lenders. The Company’s ability to dec

=== APA_2026-05-07.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A—Risk Factors of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. RISKS RELATED TO INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS Escalation of the current armed conflict involving Iran could further increase commodity price volatility, disrupt global energy markets and infrastructure, and adversely affect the Company’s operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The ongoing conflict involving Iran has caused significant uncertainty in global energy and financial markets and disrupted supply chains. Escalation of the conflict or a broader regional conflict could further disrupt the production, transportation, and export of crude oil, natural gas (including liquefied natural gas), and NGLs, including through additional damage to or targeting of energy infrastructure, pipelines, refineries, export terminals, and related facilities. In addition, while not currently involving the Company’s assets or operations, instability affecting key transit routes, including the Strait of Hormuz, has resulted in shipping delays, rerouting, increased transportation and insurance costs, and reduced market access for the oil and gas industry in the Middle East, further contributing to commodity price volatility. The current elevated commodity price environment may increase input costs and contribute to broader inflationary pressures, including from the Company’s suppliers and contractors, and may reduce demand for the products the Company produces. Conversely, any resolution or de-escalation of the conflict could result in a rapid decline in commodity prices, which may adversely impact the Company’s revenues and operating results. The conflict also heightens the risk of indirect impacts on the Company’s business. State or state-sponsored cyber actors may target energy companies, critical infrastructure, financial institutions, or service providers, which could result in operational disruptions, loss of data, or other adverse effects. Regional instability may also affect countries in which the Company operates, including Egypt, by impairing government finances, limiting access to foreign currency, or delaying payments, which could adversely affect the Company’s ability to receive timely payment for production or repatriate funds. In addition, supply disruptions may increase reliance on domestically produced oil and natural gas in countries in which the Company operates, including Egypt, which could reduce volumes available for export and negatively impact realized prices. The occurrence of any of these events, individually or in combination, could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS During the third quarter of 2022, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the purchase of 40 million shares of the Company’s common stock. Shares may be purchased either in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The Company is not obligated to acquire any specific number of shares and did not purchase any shares during the quarter ended March 31, 2026. The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the current authorization is 21.9 million. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, none of the Company’s officers or directors adopted or terminated any “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act). 33 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Incorporated by Reference EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION Form Exhibit Filing Date SEC File No. 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, dated March 1, 2021 . 8-K12B 3.1 3/1/2021 001-40144 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, dated May 24, 2023, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 24, 2023 . 8-K 3.1 5/25/2023 001-40144 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant, dated February 2, 2023 . 8-K 3.1 2/8/2023 001-40144 *31.1 Certification (pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act) by Principal Executive Officer. *31.2 Certification (pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act) by Principal Financial Officer. **32.1 Section 1350 Certification (pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 906) by Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. *101 The following financial statements from the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Statement of Consolidated Operations, (ii) Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income, (iii) Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows, (iv) Consolidated Balance Sheet, (v) Statement of Consolidated Changes in Equity and Noncontrolling Interests and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. *101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Schema Document. *101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. *101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. *101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document. *101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. *104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). * Filed herewith ** Furnished herewith 34 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. APA CORPORATION Dated: May 7, 2026 /s/ BEN C. RODGERS Ben C. Rodgers Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Dated: May 7, 2026 /s/ ROBERT P. RAYPHOLE Robert P. Rayphole Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 35 