=== MOS_2026-02-27.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors . Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. Operational Risks Our operating results are highly dependent upon and fluctuate based upon business, economic and other conditions and governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry in which we or our customers operate. These factors are outside of our control and may significantly affect our profitability. The most important factors are: • weather and field conditions (particularly during periods of traditionally high crop nutrients application); • quantities of crop nutrients imported and exported; • current and projected inventories and prices, which are heavily influenced by U.S. exports and world-wide markets; and • governmental policies, including farm and biofuel policies, which may directly or indirectly influence the number of acres planted, the level of inventories, the mix of crops planted or crop prices or otherwise negatively affect our operating results. International market conditions and the effects of countervailing duty orders, which are also outside of our control, may also significantly influence our operating results. The international market for crop nutrients is influenced by such factors as the relative value of the U.S. dollar and its impact upon the cost of importing crop nutrients, foreign agricultural policies, including subsidy policies, the existence of, or changes in, import or foreign currency exchange barriers in certain foreign markets, changes in the hard currency demands of certain countries and other regulatory policies of foreign governments, as well as the laws and policies of the U.S. affecting foreign trade and investment, including use of tariffs. In 2021, the U.S. Department of Commerce (“ DOC ”) issued countervailing duty (“ CVD ”) orders on imports of phosphate fertilizers from Morocco and Russia, in response to petitions filed by Mosaic. The orders were based on DOC’s determination that the imports were unfairly subsidized, and the U.S. International Trade Commission’s (“ ITC ”) determination that the imports materially injured the U.S. phosphate fertilizer industry. The purpose of the CVD orders was to remedy the injury and thereby restore fair competition. CVD orders normally stay in place for at least five years, with possible extensions. Moroccan and Russian producers initiated federal court actions seeking to overturn the orders. Mosaic also made claims contesting certain aspects of DOC’s final determinations that, we believe, failed to capture the full extent of Moroccan and Russian subsidies. These litigation challenges remain underway as further described in Item 3 of this Form 10-K. 20 Table of Content The applicable final CVD assessment rates and cash deposit rates for imports of phosphate fertilizer from Morocco and Russia could change as a result of these various proceedings and potential associated appeals, whether in federal courts or at the World Trade Organization. A reversal of, or change in, the ITC’s or DOC’s prior determination in the CVD investigations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. U.S. tariffs on Canadian potash and retaliatory tariffs could materially adversely affect our business operations and financial condition. In February 2025, the U.S. imposed a 25% tariff on most imports from Canada, including potash crop nutrients. This tariff went into effect on March 4, 2025, but beginning March 7, 2025, the U.S. exempted from this tariff goods that qualify as wholly originating in Canada under the United States‑Mexico‑Canada Agreement, including potash from Mosaic’s Canadian operations. The U.S. continues to assess the imposition of tariffs on Canadian potash. There is a risk that such tariffs may be imposed and sustained for an extended period. If tariffs are reintroduced, they could significantly increase the cost of importing potash from Canada. Higher potash prices may lead to reduced usage by U.S. farmers and negatively impact demand. Additionally, retaliatory tariffs imposed by Canada on U.S. exports could further exacerbate these challenges. The prolonged imposition of these tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavorable worldwide economic and market conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. Economic and market conditions, including inflation, supply chain challenges, high interest rates and foreign exchange volatility, have and may continue to have an impact on our business. Our production costs have increased due to higher prices for raw materials, including purchased nitrogen, sulfur and ammonia, as well as supply chain challenges, including increased costs and delays caused by transportation and labor shortages. These adverse economic events have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our operating results. Our crop nutrient business is seasonal and varies based on application rates, which may result in carrying significant amounts of inventory and seasonal variations in working capital, and our inability to predict future seasonal crop nutrient demand accurately may result in excess inventory or product shortages. The use of crop nutrients is seasonal and varies based on application rates. Farmers tend to apply crop nutrients during two short application periods, the strongest one in the spring, before planting, and the other in the fall, after harvest. As a result, the strongest demand for our products typically occurs during the spring planting season, with a second period of strong demand following the fall harvest. In contrast, we generally produce our products throughout the year. As a result, we and our customers generally build inventories during the low demand periods of the year in order to provide timely product availability during the peak sales seasons. The seasonality of crop nutrient demand results in our sales volumes and net sales typically being the highest during the North American spring season and our working capital requirements typically being the highest just prior to the start of the spring season. Our quarterly financial results can vary significantly from one year to the next due to weather-related shifts in planting schedules and purchasing patterns. If seasonal demand exceeds our projections, we will not have enough product, which would limit our profitability. If seasonal demand is less than we expect, we will have excess inventory and higher working capital and liquidity requirements. The degree of seasonality of our business can change significantly from year to year due to conditions in the agricultural industry and other factors. Changes in transportation costs can affect our sales volumes and selling prices. Delivery costs are a significant factor in the total cost to customers. As a result, changes in transportation costs, or in customer expectations about them, may adversely affect our sales volumes and prices. A disruption at our production, distribution or terminaling facilities could have a material adverse impact on our business. The risk of material disruption increases when demand for our products results in high operating rates at our facilities. We conduct our operations through a limited number of key production, distribution and terminaling facilities. These facilities include our phosphate mines and concentrates plants; our potash mines; and the ports and other distribution facilities through which we, Canpotex and the other joint ventures in which we participate, conduct our respective businesses, as well 21 Table of Content as other commercial arrangements with third parties. Any disruption of operations at any of these facilities may significantly negatively affect our production or our ability to distribute our products. Examples of the types of events that could result, and have, in the past, resulted, in a disruption at these facilities include: adverse weather; strikes or other work stoppages; civil unrest; deliberate, malicious acts, including acts of terrorism and armed conflict; political or economic instability; cyberattacks; changes in permitting, financial assurance or certain environmental, health and safety laws or other changes in the regulatory environment in which we operate; legal and regulatory proceedings; our relationships with the other member of Canpotex and the other joint ventures in which we participate and their or our exit from participation in such joint ventures; other changes in our commercial arrangements with unrelated third parties; brine inflows at our Esterhazy, Saskatchewan mine or our other shaft mines; mechanical failure and accidents or other failures occurring in the course of operating activities, including at our gypstacks, clay settling areas and tailing dams and mine shafts; accidents occurring in the course of operating activities; lack of truck, rail, barge or ship transportation; and other factors. Reduced oil refinery operating rates in North America could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating results. Reduced oil refinery operating rates in the U.S. and Canada could result, and have, in the past, resulted in decreased availability of molten sulfur, which could increase costs of sulfur procurement or decrease availability of sulfur needed in our phosphate fertilizer production operations. If it becomes necessary to procure sulfur at higher costs, and if we are unable to pass those costs on in our product prices, or if we are unable to procure sulfur at volumes necessary for our operations, such events could have a material adverse effect on our phosphate business, and/or our financial condition or operating results. Key inputs for the production of our finished goods, including fertilizer, sulfur and ammonia, and energy used in our businesses in the past have been and may in the future be the subject of volatile pricing and availability. Changes in the price or availability of these key inputs for production of finished goods have had, and could again have, a material adverse impact on our businesses. Fertilizer is a key input for production of our blended finished goods products. Natural gas, ammonia and sulfur are key raw materials used in the manufacture of phosphate crop nutrient products. Natural gas is used as both a chemical feedstock and a fuel to produce anhydrous ammonia, which is a raw material used in the production of concentrated phosphate products. Natural gas is also a significant energy source used in the potash solution mining process. From time to time, our profitability has been and may in the future be adversely impacted by the price and availability of these key inputs and other energy costs. For example, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the related sanctions have led, and may continue to lead, to disruption and instability in global markets, supply chains and volatile pricing and availability of these key inputs and raw materials. Because most of our products are commodities, there can be no assurance that we will be able to pass through increased costs to our customers. A significant increase in the price of fertilizer, natural gas, ammonia, sulfur or energy that is not recovered through an increase in the price of our related crop nutrients products could have a material adverse impact on our business. We are subject to risks associated with our international sales and operations, which could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries as well as our operations and assets in foreign countries. Some of these factors may also make it less attractive to distribute cash generated by our operations outside the U.S. to our stockholders, or to utilize cash generated by our operations in one country to fund our operations or repayments of indebtedness in another country or to support other corporate purposes. In 2025, we derived approximately 64% of our net sales from customers located outside of the U.S. As a result, we are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties relating to international sales and operations, including: • difficulties and costs associated with complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations; • unpredictable changes in regulatory environments; • increased government regulation of the economy in the countries we serve; • political and economic instability, inflation and adverse economic conditions resulting from governmental attempts to reduce inflation, such as imposition of higher interest rates and wage and price controls; • unpredictable tax audit practices of various governments; • nationalization of properties by foreign governments; 22 Table of Content • the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls, trade barriers or other restrictions, or government-imposed increases in the cost of resources and materials necessary for the conduct of our operations or the completion of strategic initiatives, including with respect to our joint ventures; and • currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies, particularly the Brazilian real and the Canadian dollar. The occurrence of any of the above in the countries in which we operate or elsewhere could jeopardize or affect our ability to transact business there and could adversely affect our revenues and operating results and the value of our assets located outside of the U.S. In addition, tax regulations and tax audit practices, currency exchange controls and other restrictions may also make it economically unattractive to: • distribute cash generated by our operations outside the U.S. to our stockholders; or • utilize cash generated by our operations in one country to fund our operations or repayments of indebtedness in another country or to support other corporate purposes. Our assets outside of North America are located in countries with volatile conditions, which could subject us and our assets to significant risks. We are a global business with substantial assets located outside of North America. Our operations in Brazil, China, India and Paraguay are fundamental to our business. We have a majority interest in the joint venture entity operating the Miski Mayo Mine that supplies phosphate rock to us. Volatile economic, market and political conditions may have a negative impact on our operations, operating results and financial condition. In addition, unfavorable changes in trade protection laws, policies and measures, or governmental actions and policies and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and the pricing and sourcing of our raw materials, may also have a negative impact on our operations, operating results and financial condition. Natural resource extraction is an important part of the economy in Peru and, in the past, there have been protests against other natural resource operations in Peru. There remain numerous social conflicts that exist within the natural resource extraction sector in Peru, and there is potential for active protests against natural resource extraction companies. If the Government of Peru’s proactive efforts to address the social and environmental issues surrounding natural resource activities are not successful, protests could extend to or impact the Miski Mayo Mine and adversely affect our interest in the Miski Mayo joint venture or the supply of phosphate rock to us from the mine. Adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes, and excess heat, cold, snow, rainfall and drought, have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect our operations, and result in increased costs, decreased sales or production and potential liabilities. Adverse weather conditions have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our operations, particularly our Phosphate operations. In the past, hurricanes have resulted in physical damage to and outages at our facilities in Florida and Louisiana. Additionally, water treatment costs tend to increase significantly following excess rainfall. Some of our Florida and Louisiana facilities have had, and others could have, high water levels that have required, or may require, treatment. High water balances in the past at phosphate facilities in Florida also led the Florida Department of Environmental Protection (“ FDEP ”) to adopt rules requiring phosphate production facilities to meet more stringent process water management objectives for phosphogypsum stack systems. In addition to the FDEP, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“ EPA ”) and the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality also have similar requirements for water management objectives as outlined in our U.S. Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (“ RCRA ”) Consent Decrees. If adverse weather conditions occur, as they have in the past, our facilities may be required to take additional measures to manage process water to comply with existing or future requirements and these measures could potentially have a material effect on our business and financial condition. Adverse weather conditions may also cause a loss of production and may disrupt our supply chain or adversely affect delivery of our products to our customers. For example, oil refineries that supply sulfur to us may suspend operations as a result of a hurricane, and incoming shipments of ammonia can be delayed, disrupting production at our Florida or Louisiana facilities and delivery of our products. In 2021, we experienced production impacts related to Hurricane Ida at our Louisiana 23 Table of Content operations. We also experienced down time and delayed shipments caused by impacts from Hurricane Ian which occurred in 2022. In 2024, we experienced production and distribution impacts related to Hurricanes Francine, Helene and Milton. Excess rainfall and drought have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect us. For example, in 2019 we experienced the wettest year in North America in nearly 50 years, which reduced fertilizer applications by farmers. Excess rainfall also resulted in higher river levels which adversely affected delivery of our products. Drought can reduce farmers’ crop yields and the uptake of phosphate and potash, reducing the need for application of additional phosphate and potash for the next planting season. Drought can also lower river levels, adversely affecting delivery of our products to our customers. For example, the Mississippi River was in drought condition for parts of 2022 and 2023, affecting barge movement on the river. Climate change could adversely affect us. The impacts of climate change on our operations and those of our customers remains uncertain. The impacts of climate change could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels, and these changes could be severe. These impacts could vary by geographic location. Severe climate change could impact our costs and operating activities, the location and cost of global grain and oilseed production, and the supply and demand for grains and oilseeds. A number of our sites are located in areas that are exposed to weather events and have been adversely impacted by hurricanes and excessive rainfall as described elsewhere in these risk factors. To the extent climate change exacerbates these weather events, our operations could experience increased costs and disruptions to our business, which could be material. At the present time, we cannot predict the prospective impacts of climate change on our results of operations, liquidity or capital resources, or whether any such effects could be material to us. We do not own a controlling equity interest in our non-consolidated companies, some of which are foreign companies, and therefore our operating results and cash flow may be materially affected by how the governing boards and majority owners operate such businesses. There may also be limitations on monetary distributions from these companies that are outside of our control. Together, these factors may lower our equity earnings or cash flow from such businesses and negatively impact our results of operations. We hold minority ownership interests in other companies that are not controlled by us. The operations and results of Ma’aden and some other companies are significant to us, and their operations can affect earnings. Because we do not control these companies either at the board or stockholder levels and because local laws in foreign jurisdictions and contractual obligations may place restrictions on monetary distributions by these companies, we cannot ensure that these companies will operate efficiently, pay dividends or generally follow the desires of our management by virtue of our board or stockholder representation. As a result, these companies may contribute less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flow, negatively impacting our results of operations and liquidity. In addition, our investment in Ma’aden is subject to stock‑market volatility, and declines in the market value of its publicly traded shares could reduce the value of our investment and negatively impact our results of operations and liquidity. Strikes or other forms of work stoppage or slowdown could disrupt our business and lead to increased costs. Our financial performance is dependent on a reliable and productive work force. A significant portion of our workforce, and that of the joint ventures in which we participate, is covered by collective bargaining agreements with unions. Unsuccessful contract negotiations or adverse labor relations could result in strikes or slowdowns. Any disruption may decrease our production and sales or impose additional costs to resolve disputes. The risk of adverse labor relations may increase as our profitability increases because labor unions’ expectations and demands generally rise at those times. Our underground potash shaft mines are subject to risks of water inflows. Over the past century, several potash mines experiencing water inflow problems have flooded. Since December 1985, we have had inflows of brine water into our Esterhazy, Saskatchewan K1 and K2 potash mines. Due to an acceleration of brine inflows, on June 4, 2021, the Company announced a closure of our K1 and K2 potash mine shafts. Our potash mines at Colonsay, Saskatchewan, Carlsbad, New Mexico and our Esterhazy, Saskatchewan K3 mine (though not contiguous with the K1/K2 underground inflow region) are also subject to risks from inflow. Though minor inflows are regularly managed, it is possible that significant water inflows could occur which may present risks to our employees and our operations, and which may require us to incur brine management costs, change our mining processes, or abandon our operating mines . 24 Table of Content See “Key Factors that can Affect Results of Operations and Financial Condition” and “Potash Net Sales and Gross Margin” sections of our Management’s Analysis in this Form 10-K. Accidents or equipment failures occurring in the course of our operating activities could result in significant liabilities, interruptions or shutdowns of facilities or the need for significant safety or other expenditures. We engage in mining and industrial activities, including rail transportation, that can result in serious accidents or experience equipment failures. If our procedures are not effective, or if an accident or equipment failure were to occur, we could be subject to liabilities arising out of property damage, personal injuries or death, our operations could be interrupted and we might have to shut down or abandon affected facilities. Accidents could cause us to expend significant amounts to remediate safety issues or to repair damaged facilities and could result in significant liabilities and/or impact on the financial performance of the Company, including material adverse effects on our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. For example: • Some of our facilities are subject to potential damage from seismic activity or other geologic concerns. Mining activities in some parts of the world can result in potential seismic events or can increase the likelihood or potential severity of a seismic event. Our Esterhazy mine and Louisiana facilities have experienced minor seismic events from time to time. A significant seismic event at one our facilities or mines could result in serious injuries or death, or damage to or flooding of operations, or damage to adjoining properties or facilities of unrelated third parties. Geologic features may affect the integrity of our impoundments, particularly in central Florida. Our efforts to deploy new technologies to identify and repair features to mitigate impacts and risk may not be successful, adversely impacting our operations or could cause us to incur significant costs. • Our underground potash shaft mines are subject to risk from fire. In addition, fire at one of our underground shaft mines could halt our operations at the affected mine or for longer periods for remedial work or otherwise. Our underground potash shaft mines are subject to risk from fire. In the event of a fire, if our emergency procedures are not successful, we could have significant injuries or deaths, or shutdowns of our facilities, or could cause us to expend significant amounts to remediate safety issues or repair damaged facilities. • We handle significant quantities of ammonia at several of our facilities. We produce ammonia at our Faustina, Louisiana phosphate concentrates plant, use ammonia in significant quantities at all of our Florida and Louisiana phosphates concentrates plants and store ammonia at some of our distribution facilities. In Florida, ammonia is received at coastal terminals around Tampa and transported by pipelines and trucks to our facilities. We also use ammonia in our Brazil phosphate operations. Our ammonia is generally stored and transported at high pressures or cryogenically. Accidents at any of our ammonia facilities could result in serious injury or death and could adversely impact our operations. • We also use or produce other hazardous chemicals at some of our facilities. If our safety procedures are not effective, an accident involving these other hazardous chemicals could result in serious injuries or death, or result in the shutdown of our facilities. We use sulfuric acid to produce concentrated phosphate in our Florida and Louisiana operations and our Brazil operations. We also use or produce other hazardous chemicals at some of our facilities. An accident involving any of these chemicals could result in serious injuries or death, or evacuation of areas near an accident. An accident could also result in property damage or shutdown of our facilities, or cause us to expend significant amounts to remediate safety issues or to repair damaged facilities. Our business operations rely on our information systems and any material disruption or slowdown of our systems could cause operational delays or loss of revenue. We depend on information systems to, among other things, manage our inventory, process transactions, operate our websites, purchase and ship goods on a timely basis, and maintain cost-effective operations. We have invested significant capital associated with the implementation and integration of our information technology systems across our businesses. This process involves the replacement and consolidation of technology platforms, resulting in operational efficiencies and reduced 25 Table of Content costs. Our inability to effectively implement or convert our operations to the new systems could cause delays in product fulfillment and reduced efficiency in our operations and could have a material impact on our financial condition or operating results. A shortage or unavailability of trucks, railcars, tugs, barges and ships for carrying our products and the raw materials we use in our business could result in customer dissatisfaction, loss of production or sales and higher transportation or equipment costs. We rely heavily upon truck, rail, tug, barge and ocean freight transportation to move raw materials needed at our mines and concentrates facilities and to deliver our products to our customers. In addition, the cost of transportation is an important part of the final sale price of our products. Finding affordable and dependable transportation is important in obtaining our raw materials and to supply our customers. Higher costs for these transportation services or an interruption or slowdown due to factors including high demand, high fuel prices, labor disputes, layoffs or other factors affecting the availability of qualified transportation workers, adverse weather or other environmental events, or changes to rail, barge or ocean freight systems, could negatively affect our ability to produce our products or deliver them to our customers, which could affect our performance and results of operations. Strong demand for grain and other products and a strong world economy increases the demand for and reduces the availability of transportation assets, both domestically and internationally. Shortages of railcars, barges and ocean transport for carrying product and increased transit time may result in customer dissatisfaction, loss of sales and higher equipment and transportation costs. In addition, during periods when the shipping industry has a shortage of ships, the substantial time needed to build new ships prevents rapid market response. Delays and missed shipments due to transportation shortages, including vessels, barges, railcars and trucks, could result in customer dissatisfaction or loss of sales potential, which could negatively affect our performance and results of operations. Our success will continue

=== MOS_2026-05-11.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Important risk factors that apply to us are outlined in Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 (the “ 10-K Report ” ). In addition to these risk factors, we include the following updates: Key inputs for the production of our finished goods, including fertilizer, sulfur and ammonia, and energy used in our businesses in the past have been and may in the future be the subject of volatile pricing and availability. Changes in the price or availability of these key inputs for production of finished goods have had, and could again have, a material adverse impact on our businesses. Fertilizer is a key input for production of our blended finished goods products. Natural gas, ammonia and sulfur are key raw materials used in the manufacture of phosphate crop nutrient products. Natural gas is used as both a chemical feedstock and a fuel to produce anhydrous ammonia, which is a raw material used in the production of concentrated phosphate products. Natural gas is also a significant energy source used in the potash solution mining process. From time to time, our profitability has been and may in the future be adversely impacted by the price and availability of these key inputs and other energy costs. For example, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the related sanctions have led, and may continue to lead, to disruption and instability in global markets, supply chains and volatile pricing and availability of these key inputs and raw materials. Because most of our products are commodities, there can be no assurance that we will be able to pass through increased costs to our customers. A significant increase in the price of fertilizer, natural gas, ammonia, sulfur or energy that is not recovered through an increase in the price of our related crop nutrients products could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, geopolitical instability and heightened tensions involving Iran, have disrupted global shipping routes, including the Strait of Hormuz, a critical transit corridor for energy and certain industrial commodities, including sulfur and ammonia. Disruptions to shipping through the Strait of Hormuz could continue to adversely affect the availability, cost, or timing of sulfur and ammonia inputs and have contributed to increased fuel and transportation costs. Such disruptions could further exacerbate volatility in input pricing and availability and, if sustained, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Pursuant to our employee stock plans relating to the grant of employee stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock unit awards and other equity-based awards, we have granted and may in the future grant employee stock options to purchase shares of our Common Stock for which the purchase price may be paid by means of delivery to us by the optionee of shares of our Common Stock that are already owned by the optionee (at a value equal to market value on the date of the option exercise). During the periods covered by this report, no options to purchase shares of our Common Stock were exercised for which the purchase price was so paid. During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, we did not purchase any shares of our common stock under our Board approved stock repurchase programs. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this report. 45 Table of Contents ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Insider Trading Arrangements During our fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026, none of our directors or officers informed us of the adoption or termination of a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement ” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement ” as those terms are defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 46 Table of Contents ITEM 6. EXHIBITS The following Exhibits are being filed herewith. Exhibit Index Exhibit No Description Incorporated Herein by Reference to Filed with Electronic Submission 10.iii.d.1 Form of Senior Management Severance and Change-in-Control Agreement X 10.iii.d.2 Form of Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation, Non-Defamation and Confidentiality Agreement X 10.iii.f Form of Indemnification Agreement between Mosaic and its directors and executive officers X 10.iii.k.1 Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (March 2026) X 10.iii.k.2 Form of TSR Performance Unit Award Agreement (Stock-Settled - March 2026) X 10.iii.k.3 Form of TSR Performance Unit Award Agreement (Cash-Settled - March 2026) X 31.1 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a). X 31.2 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a). X 32.1 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. X 32.2 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. X 95 Mine Safety Disclosures X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 47 Table of Contents Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. THE MOSAIC COMPANY by: /s/ Russell A. Flugel Vice President and Controller (on behalf of the registrant and as principal accounting officer) May 11, 2026 48 