=== IDXX_2026-02-20.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating our company and our business. Our future operating results involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed below, as well as those factors discussed elsewhere herein. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, prospects, and stock price. The disclosures below reflect our beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY Our business lines are highly attractive and highly competitive. Our failure to successfully execute certain strategies in this competitive environment could have a material negative impact on our future growth and profitability The companion animal healthcare industry is highly competitive, and we anticipate increasing competition from both existing competitors and new sector entrants given our performance and the industry’s strong growth and returns. Maintaining or enhancing our growth rates and profitability depends on successful execution of many elements of our strategy, including: • Developing, manufacturing, and marketing innovative new or improved and cost competitive point-of-care laboratory analyzers that drive sales of IDEXX VetLab instruments, grow our installed base of instruments, and increase demand for related recurring sales of consumable products, services, and accessories; • Developing and introducing new or improved innovative diagnostic tests and services for both our reference laboratories and point-of-care applications that provide valuable medical information to our customers and effectively differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors; • Developing and introducing new or improved innovative, data-insightful software solutions that enable our veterinary customers to improve practice management and efficiency, staff productivity, and client engagement and communications and that increase the value to our customers of our other companion animal products and services by enhancing the integration of the information and transactions of these products and services and supporting the interpretation and management of diagnostic information derived from these products and services; • Maintaining premium pricing, including by effectively implementing price increases, for our products and services through, among other things, effective communication and promotion of their value in an environment where many of our competitors promote, market, and sell lesser offerings at lower prices; • Providing our veterinary customers with the medical and business tools, information, and resources that enable them to grow their practices and increase utilization of our diagnostic products and services through increased pet visits and preventive care protocol use, enhanced practice of real-time care, and improved practice efficiency; • Achieving cost improvements in our worldwide reference laboratory network by implementing global best practices, including lean processing techniques, technological enhancements (e.g., automation and a global laboratory information management system), purchasing strategies that maximize leverage from our global scale, increasing the leverage of existing infrastructure, and consolidating testing in high volume laboratory hubs; • Achieving cost improvements in the manufacture and service of our point-of-care laboratory analyzers by employing the benefits of economies of scale in both negotiating supply contracts and leveraging manufacturing overhead, and by improving reliability of our instruments; • Continuing to expand, develop, and advance the effectiveness and productivity of our companion animal diagnostic sales, marketing, customer support, and logistics organizations in the U.S. and international regions in support of, among other things, our all-direct sales strategies and best-in-class customer experience goals; • Attracting, developing, and retaining key leadership and talent necessary to support all elements of our strategy; • Strengthening our sales and marketing activities to reach customers and expand diagnostic and software use both in and outside the U.S.; • Identifying, completing, and integrating acquisitions that enhance our existing businesses, create new businesses for us, or expand the geographic areas in which we do business; 18 • Continuing to responsibly incorporate AI, machine learning, and automation into our products and services and associated business processes, such as customer support and software development; • Developing and implementing new technology and licensing strategies; and • Continuing to effectively manage our growth and expansion on a global scale through, among other things, designing and implementing cost-effective improvements to our processes, procedures, and infrastructure. If we are unsuccessful in implementing and executing on some or all of these strategies, our rate of growth or profitability may be negatively impacted. Our dependence on third-party suppliers could negatively affect our ability to sell certain products or deliver our cloud-based software solutions, which could negatively affect our operating results We rely on third-party suppliers to provide components and raw materials (including biological materials) for our manufactured products, manufacture some of the products that we sell, provide the cloud-based infrastructure through which we deliver our cloud-based software solutions, and perform certain services, including package-delivery services. Actions taken by third-party suppliers in operating their business, as well as any disruptions to their business operations (or their suppliers' business operations), could disrupt our supply chain or operations and materially negatively impact our ability to supply the market or deliver our cloud-based software solutions, substantially decrease sales, lead to higher costs, and damage our reputation with our customers. Longer-term disruptions could potentially result in the permanent loss of our customers, which could reduce our recurring revenues and long-term profitability. Our supply chain and our cost of goods also may be adversely impacted by unanticipated price increases due to factors such as inflation (including wage inflation), supply restrictions beyond our control or the control of our suppliers, the imposition of tariffs or duties, or regulatory requirements regarding the importation, exportation, composition, or production processes of the goods or materials provided by our suppliers. If current suppliers fail to supply sufficient goods or materials that comply with applicable regulatory requirements to us on a timely basis, or at all, or are unable to comply with any due diligence requests that may be required pursuant to applicable law or regulation, we could experience inventory shortages and disruptions in our supply of goods or materials. For examples of some of the events that could result in disruption to our supply chain or operations, and negatively impact our operating results, refer to “Various U.S. and foreign government regulations could limit or delay our ability to market and sell our products or otherwise negatively impact our business,” “We depend on the continuous and reliable operation and security of our information technology systems and our products and services that incorporate or rely on information technology, and any disruption or significant cybersecurity breach or other incident could adversely affect our business” and “Factors and events beyond our control could disrupt our operations, supply chain, and logistics network and adversely affect our business” below. In addition, we currently purchase many products, components, and materials from sole or single sources, such as Ortho. Some of these products are proprietary and, therefore, cannot be readily or easily replaced by alternative sources. These products, components, and materials are used in our instruments, consumables and accessories; livestock and poultry diagnostic tests, dairy testing products; and water testing products. Even if products, components, and materials were to become available to us from alternative suppliers, we likely would incur additional costs and delays in identifying and qualifying replacement materials, and there can be no assurance that replacements would be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. In certain cases, we may be required to obtain regulatory approval to use alternative suppliers, and this process of approval could delay production of our products or development of product candidates indefinitely. We seek to mitigate sole and single-source supplier risks on a risk-prioritized basis and in a variety of ways, including, when possible, by identifying and qualifying alternative suppliers, developing applicable in-house manufacturing capabilities and expertise, entering into escrow arrangements for manufacturing information for certain single or sole-sourced products, and strategically maintaining safety stock. We also seek to enter into long-term contracts that provide for an uninterrupted supply of products at predictable or fixed prices. However, there can be no assurance that we will successfully implement any of these mitigating activities or that, if implemented, any of them will be effective in preventing any delay or other disruption in our ability to supply our customers. In addition, suppliers may decline to enter into long-term contracts for any number of reasons, which would require us to purchase products, components, or raw materials via short-term contracts or on a purchase order basis. There can be no assurance that suppliers with which we do not have long-term contracts will continue to supply our requirements, will always fulfill their obligations under those contracts, or will not experience disruptions in their ability to supply our requirements. In cases where we purchase sole and single-source products, components, or raw materials under purchase orders, we are more susceptible to unanticipated cost increases or changes in other terms of supply. In addition, under 19 some contracts with suppliers we have minimum purchase obligations, and our failure to satisfy those obligations may result in loss of some or all of our rights under these contracts or require us to compensate the supplier. If we are unable to obtain adequate quantities of products, components, or raw materials in the future from sole and single-source suppliers, or if such sole and single-source suppliers are unable to obtain the components or other materials required to manufacture the products, we may be unable to supply our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and damage our reputation, and any longer-term disruptions could potentially result in the permanent loss of customers, which could reduce our recurring revenues and long-term profitability. Our biologic products are complex and difficult to manufacture, which could negatively affect our ability to supply our customers Many of our rapid assay, livestock and poultry diagnostic, water, and dairy products are biologic products that include biological materials, such as antibodies, cells, and sera. Manufacturing biologic products is highly complex due to the inherent variability of biological materials and the difficulty of controlling the interactions of these materials with other components of the products, samples, and the environment. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain adequate sources of biological materials or that we will be able to consistently manufacture biologic products that satisfy applicable product release criteria and regulatory requirements. Further, products that meet release criteria at the time of manufacture may fall out of specification while in customer inventory, which could require us to incur expenses associated with recalling products and providing customers with new products, either of which could damage customer relations and our reputation. Our inability to produce or obtain necessary biological materials or to successfully manufacture biologic products that incorporate such materials could result in our inability to supply our customers with these products, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and damage our reputation. Issues in our use of AI may result in reputational harm or liability and adversely affect our business We have built, and expect to continue to build, AI into many of our product and service offerings, and we expect this element of our business to grow. We also use and are investing in AI tools for our internal business operations, including to generate code, develop products and services, and increase operational efficiency. We envision a future in which responsible AI operating in our devices, applications, and the cloud helps our customers be more productive in their business activities and interactions with consumers, and we effectively use AI in our operations to improve innovation, efficiency, and customer experience and value. As with many disruptive innovations, AI presents risks and challenges. AI algorithms and models may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient or contain information that is non-representative, infringing, or otherwise subject to legal challenge. Our competitors may incorporate AI into their products, services, and operations more quickly, more successfully and more cost-effectively than us, which could impede our ability to compete. Existing and potential government regulation related to AI use may also foreclose certain areas of AI use, cause us to modify how we use AI, and increase the burden and cost of research and development and compliance in this area, and there is uncertainty around the validity and enforceability of intellectual property rights related to the use, development, and deployment of AI. Our use of AI may also lead to novel cybersecurity or privacy risks, which may adversely affect our operations and reputation. Failure to properly remediate AI usage issues may cause public confidence in AI to be undermined, which could slow adoption of AI in our offerings. The rapid evolution of AI combined with the evolving and unharmonized legal and regulatory landscape will require the application of resources to develop, test, and maintain our products and services to help ensure that AI is implemented in a manner to minimize unintended, harmful impact and to comply with applicable law. Although we continue to invest in AI, those investments may be substantial, and there can be no assurance that our investments will be beneficial to our business. Further, while we strive to develop and use AI responsibly and in compliance with law, including through implementing strong governance processes, there can be no assurance that we will address all AI-related issues that may arise. The failure to address such issues could damage our reputation, give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, or otherwise adversely affect our business. Various U.S. and foreign government regulations could limit or delay our ability to market and sell our products or otherwise negatively impact our business As a global business, we sell products and services in more than 175 countries and operate in an increasingly complex legal and regulatory environment. In the U.S., the manufacture and sale of certain of our products are regulated by federal agencies, such as the USDA, the FDA, and the EPA. Our diagnostic tests for animal health applications that involve the detection of infectious diseases, including most rapid assay canine and feline SNAP tests and livestock and poultry diagnostic tests, must be approved by the USDA prior to sale in the U.S. Our dairy testing products require approval by the FDA before they may be sold commercially in the U.S. The methods used by our water testing products must be approved by the EPA, as a part of its water quality monitoring program, before they can be used by customers in the U.S. 20 Delays by government agencies in approving new products or product upgrades or taking action with respect to other regulatory matters could have a negative impact on our growth and profitability. The ability of government agencies to review and approve new products or product upgrades or take other actions can be affected by various factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key and other personnel, staffing shortages, public health emergencies, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. If a prolonged government shutdown or other disruption of normal business operations occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the USDA, FDA, EPA, and other agencies to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, including with respect to new product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, a prolonged government shutdown or other disruption could prevent the timely review of patent applications by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, which could delay the issuance of U.S. patents to which we would otherwise be entitled. We are also subject to chemical regulation in the U.S., such as California’s Proposition 65, which requires businesses to provide warnings to California residents about significant risk of exposures to chemicals in products that are known to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. In addition, governmental authorities in the U.S. are increasingly focused on preventing environmental contamination from per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (“PFAS”), which may be contained in certain IDEXX products. For example, current law in Maine prohibits the sale in Maine of non-exempt products containing intentionally-added PFAS after January 1, 2032, unless the Maine Department of Environmental Protection has made an unavoidable use determination, and requires reporting after the applicable sales ban takes effect of the presence of PFAS in products that have received unavoidable use determinations. However, these bans and reporting requirements in Maine are currently subject to statutory exemptions for veterinary products and medical devices regulated by or under the jurisdiction of the FDA, USDA, or EPA, as well as products that are used for public health, or for environmental or water quality testing. In addition, federal and state governments and agencies are in various stages of considering and/or implementing laws and regulations requiring the reporting, restriction, and/or phase-out of PFAS in products. The manufacture, import, and sale of our products, as well as our research and development processes, are subject to similar and sometimes more stringent laws in many foreign countries. For example, the European Union regulates the use of certain substances that we currently use in our products or processes. These regulations include, but are not limited to, the Biocidal Products Regulation, which requires the use of approved biocides in our products prior to being manufactured, used, or sold in the European Union; the European Regulation for Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical Substances, or REACH, which regulates and restricts the use of chemicals in the European Union; the Restriction of Hazardous Substances (“RoHS”) Directive, which regulates and restricts certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment; the Electromagnetic Compatibility Directive; and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive. In addition, European Union regulatory authorities and certain European countries are contemplating regulations to restrict and phase-out PFAS. Other countries have proposed similar regulations, including Australia, Canada, and Brazil. Compliance with these and similar laws, directives and regulations in the U.S. and abroad may require registration of the applicable substances, performance of due diligence across our supply chain and reporting thereon, and/or the redesign or reformulation of our products, and may reduce or eliminate the availability of certain parts and components used in our products and services or lead us to change our suppliers in the event our suppliers are unable to comply with our due diligence requests or the applicable regulations in a timely and cost-effective manner. In extreme situations, compliance with these laws, directives and regulations may require us to eliminate or discontinue the use of a part or component in one or more products, but the redesign or reformulation of such products without such parts or components may not be possible, or cause us to relocate the production of certain products. Any redesign or reformulation, change in our suppliers, restrictions in our supply of parts and components, or relocation may negatively affect the availability or performance of our products and services, add testing lead-times for products and reformulated products, reduce our margins, result in additional costs, or have other similar effects. Any inability to redesign or reformulate one or more of our products may preclude us from marketing and selling such products in the applicable regions. In addition, the costs to comply with these regulations may be significant. Any of these could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. These legal and regulatory requirements are complex and subject to change, and we continue to evaluate their impact. In addition, some foreign governments require us to register or certify our products before they can be distributed or sold, and these product registration requirements, which vary among the applicable jurisdictions and change from time to time, are often complex and require us to engage in lengthy and costly processes and provide confidential, proprietary information about those products to foreign regulatory agencies. For example, compliance with extensive country-specific regulatory processes is required in connection with importing, marketing, and selling our diagnostic products in Japan, Germany, Canada, Brazil, the Netherlands, China, and many other countries. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any product registration required by one or more foreign governments. Any inability to obtain or maintain a required product registration in a jurisdiction could adversely affect our ability to market and sell the applicable product in that jurisdiction, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. There can also be no 21 assurance that confidential, proprietary information provided to foreign regulatory agencies may not be accessed by unauthorized persons or otherwise stolen, which could negatively impact our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our innovative products and our future success. For more information about the risks related to the protection of our proprietary rights in our products and services, refer to “Our success is heavily dependent on our continued differentiated product and service innovation” below. There has been a recent focus in the U.S. on laws and regulations related to AI, which cover, among other things, algorithm accountability, privacy, and transparency. For example, use of AI and machine learning may be subject to laws and evolving regulations regarding, among other things, data bias and anti-discrimination. For example, the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) enforces consumer protection laws such as Section 5 of the FTC Act, which prohibits unfair and deceptive practices. AI-related legislation has also been introduced in a number of U.S. state legislatures and enacted in some states, such as California and Colorado, but the current U.S. administration issued an executive order in December 2025 to establish a federal policy aimed at curbing the proliferation of state-level AI-related legislation. In August 2024, the European Union Artificial Intelligence Act, which establishes requirements for the provision and use of products that leverage AI, machine learning, and similar technologies was enacted and will become fully effective in August 2026, with some provisions effective February 2025. Additionally, other countries have proposed legal frameworks to regulate AI, which is a trend that may continue to increase, and Japan enacted AI-related legislation in May 2025. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business. We are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations governing our global business practices. For example, jurisdictions in which we operate prohibit bribery and corruption, anti-competitive behavior, and money laundering; impose trade compliance requirements and restrictions, such as prohibitions on doing business with certain entities or individuals; determine rules impacting the importation and exportation of our products; and regulate immigration and travel. These legal, regulatory, and sometimes politically motivated requirements differ among jurisdictions around the world and are rapidly changing and increasingly complex. The costs associated with compliance with these legal and regulatory requirements and adjusting to changing legal and political environments are significant and likely to increase in the future. Any failure by us to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, or to adjust to changing legal and political environments, could result in fines, penalties, and sanctions; product recalls; suspensions or discontinuations of, or limitations or restrictions on, our ability to design, manufacture, market, import, export or sell our products; and damage to our reputation. Any of these could negatively impact our business. Our success is heavily dependent on our continued differentiated product and service innovation We believe our future success significantly depends on our ability to continue, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to enhance our existing differentiated product and service offerings, to continue to incorporate AI, machine learning and automation into our products and services and associated business processes and to develop and introduce new and innovative differentiated products and services. As a result, we invest substantial funds and efforts into research and development, investigating new products and technologies being developed by third parties, and obtaining certain such new products and technologies through licenses or acquisitions. There can be no assurance that our research and development, licensing, or acquisition efforts will achieve expected results, when or whether any of our products or services now under development will be launched, or whether we may be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire new products or technologies or successfully incorporate AI capabilities into our products, services or associated business processes. We also cannot predict whether any product or service offering, once launched, will achieve market acceptance, or achieve sales and revenue consistent with our expectations. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary rights. We also license patents and technologies from third parties to enable the use of third-party technologies in the development, production, and provision of our products and services. If we do not have adequate protection of our proprietary rights or are unable to license third-party patents and technologies on reasonable terms, our business may be restricted or adversely affected by competitors who utilize substantially equivalent technologies to compete with us. We cannot ensure that we will obtain issued patents, that any patents issued or licensed to us will remain valid, or that any patents owned or licensed by us will provide protection against competitors with similar technologies. Even if our patents cover products or services sold by our competitors, the time and expense of litigating to enforce our patent rights could be substantial and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, expiration of patent rights could result in substantial new competition for products or services previously covered by those patent rights. 22 In the past, we have received notices claiming that our products or services infringe third-party patents, and we may receive such notices in the future. Patent litigation is complex and expensive, and the outcome of patent litigation can be difficult to predict. We cannot ensure that we will be successful in a patent litigation or be able to negotiate an acceptable resolution of such a case. If unsuccessful, we may be prohibited from selling certain products or services and/or we may be required to pay damages and/or ongoing royalties as a result of the lawsuit. Any such result could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Increased competition from and technological advances by our competitors could negatively affect our operating results We face intense competition, and we expect that competition will further intensify as new products, services and

=== IDXX_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our 2025 Annual Report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the 2025 Annual Report. The risks described in our 2025 Annual Report are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or future results. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds During the three months ended March 31, 2026, we repurchased shares of common stock as described below: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share (b) (3) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) (c) Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) (d) January 1 to January 31, 2026 — $ — — 3,722,170 February 1 to February 28, 2026 246,671 $ 644.46 229,900 3,492,270 March 1 to March 31, 2026 357,900 $ 593.52 357,900 3,134,370 Total 604,571 (2) 587,800 3,134,370 (1) As of December 31, 2025, our Board of Directors had approved the repurchase of up to 78 million shares of our common stock in the open market or in negotiated transactions pursuant to the Company’s share repurchase program. The initial program was approved and announced on August 13, 1999, and the maximum number of shares that may be purchased under the program has been increased by the Board of Directors on numerous occasions. There is no specified expiration date for this repurchase program and it may be suspended or discontinued at any time. There were no other repurchase programs outstanding during the three months ended March 31, 2026, and no share repurchase programs expired during the period. (2) During the three months ended March 31, 2026, we received 16,771 shares of our common stock that were surrendered by employees in payment for the minimum required withholding taxes due on the vesting of restricted stock units. In the above table, these shares are included in columns (a) and (b), but excluded from columns (c) and (d). These shares do not reduce the number of shares that may yet be purchased under the share repurchase program. (3) Includes a 1% excise tax on the value of shares repurchased in the open market, net of a reduction for eligible stock issuances. Refer to Note 12. “Repurchases of Common Stock” to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in “Part I. Item 1. Financial Statements” of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information about our share repurchases. Item 5. Other Information Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan Elections During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) adopted , modified, or terminated any “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as such terms are defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933). 44 Item 6. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date / Period End Date Filed / Furnished Herewith Rule 13a-14(a)/15-14(a) certifications 10.1 Letter Agreement by and between Michael (Mike) Erickson, PhD, and IDEXX Laboratories, Inc., dated January 12, 2026. 8-K 10.1 1/13/26 10.2 Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement by and between Michael (Mike) Erickson, PhD, and IDEXX Laboratories, Inc., dated January 12, 2026. 8-K 10.2 1/13/26 10.3 Letter Agreement by and between Jonathan (Jay) Mazelsky and IDEXX Laboratories, Inc., dated January 12, 2026. 8-K 10.3 1/13/26 10.4 Separation Agreement by and between Nimrata Hunt, PhD, and IDEXX Laboratories, Inc., dated March 24, 2026. 8-K 10.1 3/26/26 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) X 45 Interactive data file 101 The following financial and related information from IDEXX Laboratories, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reportable Language (iXBRL) includes: (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity; (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows; and, (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 The cover page from the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026, formatted in Inline XBRL, and contained in Exhibit 101. 46 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. /s/ Andrew Emerson Date: May 5, 2026 Andrew Emerson Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 47 