=== IDXX_2026-02-20.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. PRODUCTION AND SUPPLY Certain instruments that we sell are manufactured by third parties. We rely on third parties in our supply chain to supply us, and our direct suppliers, with certain important components, raw materials, and consumables used in or with our products and services. In some cases, these third parties are sole or single-source suppliers. We seek to mitigate sole and single-source supplier risks on a risk-prioritized basis and in a variety of ways, including, when possible, identifying and quantifying alternative suppliers, developing applicable in-house manufacturing capabilities and expertise, entering into escrow arrangements for manufacturing information for certain single or sole-sourced products, and strategically maintaining safety stock. Instruments and consumables . Significant products, components, and raw materials supplied by sole and single-source providers include certain Catalyst Dx and Catalyst One consumables (other than electrolyte consumables and the fructosamine, thyroxine, canine C-reactive protein, progesterone, SDMA, and Pancreatic Lipase, Cortisol, and Bile Acid slides), ProCyte Dx Analyzers and consumables, IDEXX inVue Dx cytology consumables, SediVue Dx urinalysis instruments and consumables, and certain components of our internally manufactured analyzers. Certain Catalyst chemistry slides are supplied by Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Inc. ( Ortho ) under supply agreements that are currently set to expire in December of 2044. The terms of the agreements allow for early termination in certain circumstances. In the event of a notice of non-extension, the agreements will continue for a period of twelve years through December 31 of the twelfth year after such notice, up to 2044. We are obligated to purchase all of our requirements for our current menu of Catalyst chemistry slides from Ortho to the extent Ortho is able to supply those requirements. The agreements provide for pricing based on purchase volumes and a fixed annual inflationary adjustment. The agreements also prohibit Ortho from promoting and selling these chemistry slides in the veterinary sector, excluding the EU, other than to IDEXX. 11 We purchase other analyzers and consumables under supply agreements with terms extending through 2034, which in some cases may be extended at our option. We have minimum purchase obligations under some of these agreements, and our failure to satisfy these obligations may result in the loss of some or all of our rights under these agreements. Refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Other components . We purchase certain other products, raw materials, and components from sole and single-source suppliers. These products include certain diagnostic imaging systems and certain components used in our SNAP rapid assay and dairy devices, livestock and poultry testing kits, and water testing products. We have been successful in ensuring an uninterrupted supply of products purchased from sole and single-source suppliers. However, there can be no assurance that uninterrupted supply can be maintained if these agreements terminate for any reason, or our suppliers otherwise are unable to satisfy our requirements for products. Refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Product quality and safety . We believe that product quality and safety are essential to our business. We conduct our operations within an Integrated Management System, which encompasses our Quality Assurance program, to help ensure compliance with applicable regulations, product safety requirements and standards, and customer requirements. This Integrated Management System includes strict manufacturing processes and procedures, employee training, ongoing process improvement, product quality risk management procedures, incident investigation and corrective action procedures, and internal and third-party auditing. Our manufacturing and distribution facilities in Westbrook, Maine; Scarborough, Maine; Roswell, Georgia; Memphis, Tennessee; and the Netherlands, Switzerland, France, and the United Kingdom are certified to the ISO 9001 quality standard, and certain of our other facilities are certified to the environmental (ISO 14001) and testing and calibration laboratory (ISO 17025) quality standards. ISO quality standards are internationally recognized manufacturing standards established by the International Organization for Standardization, which are audited and certified by third-party auditors in addition to our internal self-audits. We also require our key suppliers to have quality management systems that comply with recognized industry standards, such as ISO 9001, and are aligned with our quality requirements, and we regularly conduct audits with our Tier 1 suppliers to verify control systems meet all our requirements. In addition, we make available instructions and other information to help ensure the proper and safe use of our products. BACKLOG We generally do not maintain a significant backlog of orders and believe that our backlog at any particular date historically has not been indicative of future sales. COMPETITION We compete with many companies ranging from large human and animal health pharmaceutical and medical diagnostics companies to small businesses focused on animal health. Our companion animal veterinary diagnostic products and services compete with both reference laboratory service and point-of-care product providers. Our competitors vary in our different business areas and regions. In some cases, academic institutions, governmental agencies, and other public and private research organizations conduct research activities and may commercialize products or services, which could compete with our products, on their own or through joint ventures. Some of our direct and potential competitors have substantially greater financial and managerial resources than us, as well as greater experience in manufacturing, marketing, research and development, and obtaining regulatory approvals than we do. For more information on risks related to our competition, refer to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors." Competitive factors in our different business areas are detailed below: Companion animal diagnostic offerings . We compete primarily on the basis of ease of use and speed of our products, diagnostic accuracy, product quality, breadth of our product line and services, differentiated product innovations, fully integrated technology, information management capability, enhancement of veterinary practice efficiency, availability of medical consultation, effectiveness of our sales and distribution channels, quality of our technical and customer service, and our pricing relative to the value of our products and services in comparison with competitive products and services. We compete with a number of companies in most geographic locations in North America including Mars, Incorporated brands Antech Diagnostics and Heska; and Zoetis Inc. (including its wholly-owned subsidiary Abaxis, Inc.). We also compete in certain international geographies with Zoetis Inc.; Mars, Incorporated brands including Heska, Antech Diagnostics, scil animal care, and Antech-Asia Veterinary Diagnostics; Fujifilm Holdings Corporation; Arkray, Inc.; Mindray; and BioNote, Inc. 12 Water, livestock, poultry and dairy testing products . We compete primarily on the basis of the ease of use, speed, accuracy, product quality, and other performance characteristics of our products and services (including differentiated tests), the breadth of our product line and services, the effectiveness of our sales and distribution channels, the quality of our technical and customer service, our ability to receive regulatory approvals from governing agencies, and our pricing relative to the value of our products in comparison with competitive products and services. Our competitors include smaller regional companies and larger companies with livestock and poultry diagnostics and water testing solution products, such as Neogen Corporation, Charm Sciences, Inc., BioChek, Innovative Diagnostics and Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Veterinary Software, Services, and Diagnostic Imaging Systems . We compete primarily on the basis of functionality, system workflows, performance characteristics, effectiveness of our implementation, training process and customer service, information handling capabilities, advances in technologies, enhancement of veterinary practice efficiency, and our pricing relative to the value of our products and services in comparison with competitive products and services. We sell these products primarily in North America and Europe. Our largest competitor in North America and the U.K. is Covetrus, Inc., which offers several systems and leverages its animal health distribution business in sales and service. We also compete with numerous smaller companies throughout the geographies in which we offer veterinary software, including those offering cloud-based solutions. Our competitors in the diagnostic imaging systems sector include Sound-Eklin, Antech Diagnostics, FUJIFILM, and Heska. GOVERNMENT REGULATION Many of our products are subject to comprehensive regulation by U.S. and foreign regulatory agencies that relates to, among other things, product approvals, product registrations, manufacturing, import, export, distribution, marketing and promotion, labeling, recordkeeping, testing, quality, storage, product disposal, environmental compliance, and workplace safety. The following is a description of the principal regulations affecting our businesses. Veterinary diagnostic products . Our veterinary diagnostic products, including instruments, such as Catalyst One and ProCyte One, as well as their corresponding consumables, are veterinary medical devices under the jurisdiction of the FDA under the Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act (the FDC Act ). Other products under FDA jurisdiction include our rapid assay products such as SNAP devices and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay plates. While the sale of these products does not require premarket approval by the FDA and does not subject us to FDA inspections or the FDA's current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations ( cGMP ), the FDC Act specifies that these products must not be adulterated, mislabeled, or misbranded. A subset of our veterinary diagnostic products, including our diagnostic test kits for companion and food animal infectious diseases, as well as most of our livestock and poultry products and many of our rapid assay products, are licensed and regulated in the U.S. by the Center for Veterinary Biologics within the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service ( APHIS ). These products must be approved by APHIS before they may be sold in and from the U.S. The APHIS regulatory approval process involves the submission of product validation data, including manufacturing process and facility documentation. Following regulatory licensure to market a product, APHIS requires that each product serial be submitted for test review before release to customers. In addition, APHIS requires special approval to market products where test results are used for government-mandated disease management programs. A number of foreign governments accept APHIS approval to support product registration for sale, distribution, and use within their countries. However, compliance with extensive country-specific regulatory processes is required in connection with importing and marketing diagnostic products in Japan, Germany, Canada, Brazil, the Netherlands, China, and many other countries. We are also required to have a facility license from APHIS to manufacture USDA-licensed products. We have a facility license for our manufacturing facility in Westbrook, Maine which also covers our distribution center in Memphis, Tennessee. Our LPD manufacturing facility in Montpellier, France is a USDA-permitted site, and has been approved by APHIS to manufacture specified USDA-permitted products. Water testing products . Our water tests are generally not subject to formal premarket regulatory approval. However, before a test can be used as part of a water quality monitoring program in the U.S. that is regulated by the EPA, the test method must first be approved by the EPA. The EPA approval process involves submission of extensive product performance data in accordance with an EPA-approved protocol, evaluation of the data by the EPA, and typically publication for public comment of any proposed approval in the Federal Register before final approval. Our Tecta Systems with the Tectalert EC/TC medium, Colilert, Colilert-18, Colisure, Quanti-Tray, Filta-Max xpress , Enterolert, and SimPlate for heterotrophic plate counts products have been approved by the EPA for use under various regulatory programs. When used for compliance monitoring, water testing products are subject to similarly extensive regulatory processes in other countries around the world. 13 Dairy testing products . Dairy products used in National Conference on Interstate Milk Shipments ( NCIMS ) milk-monitoring programs in the U.S. are regulated by the FDA as veterinary medical devices. Before these products can be sold in the U.S., performance data must be submitted in accordance with an FDA-approved protocol administered by an independent body, such as the Association of Analytical Chemists Research Institute ( AOAC RI ). While some foreign countries accept AOAC RI certification as part of their regulatory approval process, many countries have separate regulatory processes. All test methods used for drug residue testing require validation by the FDA and acceptance by the NCIMS. IDEXX has two FDA-validated test products, SNAP NBL and SNAP Tetra, for sale in the U.S. Human point-of-care electrolyte and blood gas analyzers . Our human point-of-care electrolyte and blood gas analyzers are classified by the FDA as Class I and/or Class II medical devices, and their design, manufacture, and marketing are regulated by the FDA. Accordingly, we must comply with cGMP in the manufacture of these products. The FDA s Quality System regulations set forth standards for our product design and manufacturing processes, require the maintenance of certain records, and provide for inspections of our facilities by the FDA. Other Chemical, Environmental, and Human Health Safety Regulations . All IDEXX products must comply with applicable global product regulations, including those governing consumer product safety and materials requirements such as the Europeans Union's Electromagnetic Compatibility ( EMC ) Directive, the European Regulation for Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical Substances ( REACH ), the Restriction of Hazardous Substances ( RoHS ) Directive, and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive. These complex regulatory requirements create risk to IDEXX s ability to market and sell our products, our business, and our financial performance. In the European Union, our analyzers and certain associated equipment are subject to the requirements of the RoHS Directive, which regulates and restricts certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment. Other countries, including China, have implemented or anticipate implementing regulatory regimes similar to the RoHS Directive. Our veterinary diagnostic instrument systems are not subject to regulation under the EU Medical Device Regulation or In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Device Regulation, which are both strictly applicable to human use products. However, these systems are required to meet CE certification, which require compliance with the RoHS Directive, the EMC Directive, and other safety requirements. Most countries in which we sell our products impose similar registrations and/or certification requirements. The European Union was among the first to regulate and restrict the use of certain substances that we currently use in our products. These regulations include the Biocidal Products Regulation, which requires the use of only approved biocides in our products imported to or used in the European Union, and REACH, which regulates and restricts the use of certain chemicals in the European Union. Compliance with these regulations (and similar regulations that have been or may be adopted elsewhere, such as Australia, China, Turkey, Korea, and other countries) may require registration, notification, or certification regarding regulated substances, imposition of import restrictions, or in certain cases the redesign or reformulation of our products. As part of the microplastics restrictions pursuant to REACH, some of our products, including Companion Animal products, may be subject to derogation, such as labeling and reporting. In the U.S., the EPA regulates chemical use similarly to the European Union. In addition, certain states have their own chemical regulations, such as California's Proposition 65, which requires businesses to provide warnings to California residents about significant risk of exposures to chemicals in products that are known to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. PFAS (per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances), which may be contained in certain IDEXX products, are a subject of increasing regulatory attention. The European Union proposed draft regulations regarding PFAS, which include restrictions and/or phase-out requirements. In the U.S., the EPA has published a PFAS rule under the Toxic Substance Control Act, requiring manufacturers of PFAS and importers of products containing PFAS to file certain information, including PFAS chemical identity and structure, production, imports of products containing PFAS, use, byproducts, exposure, disposal, and health and environmental effects. Other countries have proposed similar regulations, including Australia, Canada, and Brazil. In addition, a number of U.S. states have also developed product reporting and/or phase-out requirements. While statutory exemptions exist in Maine, where we manufacture many of our products, some U.S. states have developed a range of product reporting, labeling and/or phase-out requirements. For example, Minnesota will implement a regulation banning PFAS in products that impact water products beginning in 2032. In addition to the foregoing, our business is generally subject to various U.S. and foreign regulatory authorities, including the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the FTC ) and other anti-competition authorities, and we are also subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act; import and export laws and regulations, including U.S. import and export control and sanctions laws; and laws and regulations governing the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of data such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation and the EU Data 14 Act. Our products that use generative or other forms of artificial intelligence ( AI ) may also be subject to new and emerging law and regulations, including the European Union s Artificial Intelligence Act enacted in August 2024. Development or acquisition of new products and technologies may subject us to additional areas of government regulation. These may involve medical device, water-quality, and other regulations of the FDA, the EPA, the USDA, the FTC, and other federal agencies, as well as state, local and foreign governments. For more information about the risks associated with various U.S. and foreign government regulation, refer to Various U.S. and foreign government regulations could limit or delay our ability to market and sell our products or otherwise negatively impact our business under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. HUMAN CAPITAL As innovation and customer focus are important parts of our strategy to create long-term value, we aim to attract, motivate, develop, and retain talented employees at all levels who are aligned with and passionate about our Purpose by: Building and sustaining an inclusive culture of equal opportunity that welcomes, respects, and supports all employees; Offering competitive and locally relevant compensation and benefits that support our employees overall well-being; and Providing growth and development opportunities for our employees, including leadership training. Because our strategy includes developing strong, deep relationships with our veterinary customers around the world, we have focused on growing our companion animal diagnostics field-based organization globally. Culture of Inclusion and Equal Opportunity. IDEXX promotes a culture of inclusion and equal opportunity that values the different skills, perspectives, and backgrounds that each employee brings in pursuit of our Purpose. We believe that this culture helps drive both innovation and a better understanding of our increasingly global customer base aligned with long-term value creation. We employ inclusive recruitment practices to source highly qualified candidates and we maintain an environment where advancement is determined by demonstrated performance, capability, and contribution. We encourage and promote an inclusive culture at IDEXX, including through executive sponsorship of employee-led communities that are open to, and support, all of our employees. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 11,000 regular full-time and part-time employees in approximately 34 countries around the world, and men and women represented 41% and 59%, respectively, of our global employee population. We are an equal opportunity employer, and we aim to have talent management processes that provide equal career advancement opportunities for all our employees. Our policies strictly prohibit any form of employment discrimination, and pursuant to applicable law, we annually collect certain demographic data regarding our U.S. workforce, which we report in our EEO-1 report to the U.S. Equal Opportunity Commission. Our summarized EEO-1 survey data is disclosed on our website. Compensation, Benefits and Well-being . We offer fair, competitive compensation and a wide array of competitive and locally relevant benefits (which vary by country and region) that support our employees overall well-being, including comprehensive health and welfare insurance; generous time-off and leave; retirement and financial support. We have recognition programs for the purpose of acknowledging the achievements of individual and team performance. We recognize that offering best-in-class well-being programs is an important element of an effective total rewards strategy and use benchmarking and our understanding of our workforce to identify and implement holistic well-being programs that we believe are aligned with our culture and meet our employees needs. Accordingly, our well-being programs have strong utilization by our employee base, and we review these programs from time to time to confirm they are achieving the anticipated outcomes. We provide free counseling for employees and their dependents globally through our mental wellness partner. Interactive holistic well-being resources are available to employees globally, including monthly educational webinars, ergonomic support, team fitness challenges, nutrition programs, and self-guided courses on a broad range of topics. In addition, employees have access to financial education and our employees, their spouses, and adult dependents in North America can engage with a financial coach for help reaching their personal financial goals. We are focused on enabling managers, teams, and employees to identify the most effective work arrangements to accomplish their goals. For some teams this consists of 100% onsite work, while others employ remote or hybrid models. Our goal is to promote a positive workplace environment where everyone can contribute to their fullest potential. We strive to build a collaborative culture through in-person and virtual events, including town halls, in-office celebrations, and employee-led communities. 15 The health, safety, and well-being of our employees is a top priority at IDEXX. We provide our employees with the training, tools, and resources to help safeguard their health, and we empower them to put safety first. Our Environmental Health Safety ( EH S ) team oversees the IDEXX EH S management system and our company-wide safety programs, and is responsible for the implementation at all of our locations of health and safety processes designed to maintain and improve employee safety, reduce workplace risks, and drive continual improvement. Growth and Development . We are steadfast in our focus on cultivating the leaders of tomorrow and making career development opportunities accessible across the company. We offer in-person and virtual training; our goal is to provide robust training development options that are accessible to all levels and geographies and in multiple languages. Our career development programs are designed to build capabilities and enable career progression. We offer multiple leadership development programs to address the needs of employees at different stages of their professional careers, including new people managers, frontline leaders, mid-level leaders, and business leaders, with the goal of building their capabilities and enhancing their readiness for the next step in their leadership journey. We also encourage employees to enhance their career development through individual development plans and job-related courses and degree programs. Employee Turnover and Engagement . Our human capital priorities include retaining a skilled and engaged workforce. We monitor our overall and managerial employee turnover and engagement to identify opportunities to strengthen our approach to human capital management, and we have been successful with our employee engagement efforts to achieve and maintain low turnover rates that are healthy for our sector. We regularly conduct company-wide employee surveys through a third party to collect employee input on our culture, their experiences, and workplace conditions. These survey results provide insights that help us to improve employee engagement. Our most recent global employee survey received a high level of response, and we maintained a strong level of engagement, consistent with prior years. We leverage the insights gained from the survey to develop a roadmap for improving engagement and retention. ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH, AND SAFETY AND CLIMATE CHANGE MATTERS Our operations are subject to various environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, the cleanup of hazardous substance releases, emissions or discharges into the air or water, and occupational safety and health. The ongoing cost of complying with such laws and regulations is significant and may increase in the future, particularly in the European Union, where we are required to comply with increasingly extensive regulations. We continue to monitor legislative and regulatory actions and their potential impacts on the areas where we conduct business. In addition to monitoring and managing compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we strive to reduce our environmental footprint, although greenhouse gas emissions from our operations are not significant. We have developed and are executing a greenhouse gas emissions reduction strategy. To monitor our progress in meeting our environmental goals, we track and publicly report our environmental impact metrics, including greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption. In pursuit of our goals, we have developed initiatives and multi-year projects to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions, integrate sustainability considerations for new product development and design, and reduce the amount of plastic and other material waste from current products and packaging. Our most recent Corporate Responsibility Report, which is available on our website, is informed by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures frameworks and provides our most recent sustainability highlights for our products and operations. Information contained on or connected to our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other filing we make with the SEC. 16 AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our principal executive offices are located at One IDEXX Drive, Westbrook, Maine 04092, our telephone number is 207-556-0300, and our internet address is www.idexx.com. References to our website in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are inactive textual references only and the content of our website, including our Corporate Responsibility Report, should not be deemed incorporated by reference for any purpose. We make available free of charge at www.idexx.com our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, copies of our reports filed electronically with or furnished electronically to the SEC may be accessed at www.sec.gov. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and our Code of Ethics are also available on our website at www.idexx.com. 17 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating our company and our business. Our future operating results involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed below, as well as those factors discussed elsewhere herein. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, prospects, and stock price. The disclosures below reflect our beliefs and opinions as to factors that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. References to past events are provided by way of example only and are not intended to be a complete listing or a representation as to whether or not such factors have occurred in the past. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY Our business lines are highly attractive and highly competitive. Our failure to successfully execute certain strategies in this competitive environment could have a material negative impact on our future growth and profitability The companion animal healthcare industry is highly competitive, and we anticipate increasing competition from both existing competitors and new sector entrants given our performance and the industry s strong growth and returns. Maintaining or enhancing our growth rates and profitability depends on successful execution of many elements of our strategy, including: Developing, manufacturing, and marketing innovative new or improved and cost competitive point-of-care laboratory analyzers that drive sales of IDEXX VetLab instruments, grow our installed base of instruments, and increase demand for related recurring sales of consumable products, services, and accessories; Developing and introducing new or improved innovative diagnostic tests and services for both our reference laboratories and point-of-care applications that provide valuable medical information to our customers and effectively differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors; Developing and introducing new or improved innovative, data-insightful software solutions that enable our veterinary customers to improve practice management and efficiency, staff productivity, and client engagement and communications and that increase the value to our customers of our other companion animal products and services by enhancing the integration of the information and transactions of these products and services and supporting the interpretation and management of diagnostic information derived from these products and services; Maintaining premium pricing, including by effectively implementing price increases, for our products and services through, among other things, effective communication and promotion of their value in an environment where many of our competitors promote, market, and sell lesser offerings at lower prices; Providing our veterinary customers with the medical and business tools, information, and resources that enable them to grow their practices and increase utilization of our diagnostic products and services through increased pet visits and preventive care protocol use, enhanced practice of real-time care, and improved practice efficiency; Achieving cost improvements in our worldwide reference laboratory network by implementing global best practices, including lean processing techniques, technological enhancements (e.g., automation and a global laboratory information management system), purchasing strategies that maximize leverage from our global scale, increasing the leverage of existing infrastructure, and consolidating testing in high volume laboratory hubs; Achieving cost improvements in the manufacture and service of our point-of-care laboratory analyzers by employing the benefits of economies of scale in both negotiating supply contracts and leveraging manufacturing overhead, and by improving reliability of our instruments; Continuing to expand, develop, and advance the effectiveness and productivity of our companion animal diagnostic sales, marketing, customer support, and logistics organizations in the U.S. and international regions in support of, among other things, our all-direct sales strategies and best-in-class customer experience goals; Attracting, developing, and retaining key leadership and talent necessary to support all elements of our strategy; Strengthening our sales and marketing activities to reach customers and expand diagnostic and software use both in and outside the U.S.; Identifying, completing, and integrating acquisitions that enhance our existing businesses, create new businesses for us, or expand the geographic areas in which we do business; 18 Continuing to responsibly incorporate AI, machine learning, and automation into our products and services and associated business processes, such as customer support and software development; Developing and implementing new technology and licensing strategies; and Continuing to effectively manage our growth and expansion on a global scale through, among other things, designing and implementing cost-effective improvements to our processes, procedures, and infrastructure. If we are unsuccessful in implementing and executing on some or all of these strategies, our rate of growth or profitability may be negatively impacted. Our dependence on third-party suppliers could negatively affect our ability to sell certain products or deliver our cloud-based software solutions, which could negatively affect our operating results We rely on third-party suppliers to provide components and raw materials (including biological materials) for our manufactured products, manufacture some of the products that we sell, provide the cloud-based infrastructure through which we deliver our cloud-based software solutions, and perform certain services, including package-delivery services. Actions taken by third-party suppliers in operating their business, as well as any disruptions to their business operations (or their suppliers' business operations), could disrupt our supply chain or operations and materially negatively impact our ability to supply the market or deliver our cloud-based software solutions, substantially decrease sales, lead to higher costs, and damage our reputation with our customers. Longer-term disruptions could potentially result in the permanent loss of our customers, which could reduce our recurring revenues and long-term profitability. Our supply chain and our cost of goods also may be adversely impacted by unanticipated price increases due to factors such as inflation (including wage inflation), supply restrictions beyond our control or the control of our suppliers, the imposition of tariffs or duties, or regulatory requirements regarding the importation, exportation, composition, or production processes of the goods or materials provided by our suppliers. If current suppliers fail to supply sufficient goods or materials that comply with applicable regulatory requirements to us on a timely basis, or at all, or are unable to comply with any due diligence requests that may be required pursuant to applicable law or regulation, we could experience inventory shortages and disruptions in our supply of goods or materials. For examples of some of the events that could result in disruption to our supply chain or operations, and negatively impact our operating results, refer to Various U.S. and foreign government regulations could limit or delay our ability to market and sell our products or otherwise negatively impact our business, We depend on the continuous and reliable operation and security of our information technology systems and our products and services that incorporate or rely on information technology, and any disruption or significant cybersecurity breach or other incident could adversely affect our business and Factors and events beyond our control could disrupt our operations, supply chain, and logistics network and adversely affect our business below. In addition, we currently purchase many products, components, and materials from sole or single sources, such as Ortho. Some of these products are proprietary and, therefore, cannot be readily or easily replaced by alternative sources. These products, components, and materials are used in our instruments, consumables and accessories; livestock and poultry diagnostic tests, dairy testing products; and water testing products. Even if products, components, and materials were to become available to us from alternative suppliers, we likely would incur additional costs and delays in identifying and qualifying replacement materials, and there can be no assurance that replacements would be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. In certain cases, we may be required to obtain regulatory approval to use alternative suppliers, and this process of approval could delay production of our products or development of product candidates indefinitely. We seek to mitigate sole and single-source supplier risks on a risk-prioritized basis and in a variety of ways, including, when possible, by identifying and qualifying alternative suppliers, developing applicable in-house manufacturing capabilities and expertise, entering into escrow arrangements for manufacturing information for certain single or sole-sourced products, and strategically maintaining safety stock. We also seek to enter into long-term contracts that provide for an uninterrupted supply of products at predictable or fixed prices. However, there can be no assurance that we will successfully implement any of these mitigating activities or that, if implemented, any of them will be effective in preventing any delay or other disruption in our ability to supply our customers. In addition, suppliers may decline to enter into long-term contracts for any number of reasons, which would require us to purchase products, components, or raw materials via short-term contracts or on a purchase order basis. There can be no assurance that suppliers with which we do not have long-term contracts will continue to supply our requirements, will always fulfill their obligations under those contracts, or will not experience disruptions in their ability to supply our requirements. In cases where we purchase sole and single-source products, components, or raw materials under purchase orders, we are more susceptible to unanticipated cost increases or changes in other terms of supply. In addition, under 19 some contracts with suppliers we have minimum purchase obligations, and our failure to satisfy those obligations may result in loss of some or all of our rights under these contracts or require us to compensate the supplier. If we are unable to obtain adequate quantities of products, components, or raw materials in the future from sole and single-source suppliers, or if such sole and single-source suppliers are unable to obtain the components or other materials required to manufacture the products, we may be unable to supply our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and damage our reputation, and any longer-term disruptions could potentially result in the permanent loss of customers, which could reduce our recurring revenues and long-term profitability. Our biologic products are complex and difficult to manufacture, which could negatively affect our ability to supply our customers Many of our rapid assay, livestock and poultry diagnostic, water, and dairy products are biologic products that include biological materials, such as antibodies, cells, and sera. Manufacturing biologic products is highly complex due to the inherent variability of biological materials and the difficulty of controlling the interactions of these materials with other components of the products, samples, and the environment. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain adequate sources of biological materials or that we will be able to consistently manufacture biologic products that satisfy applicable product release criteria and regulatory requirements. Further, products that meet release criteria at the time of manufacture may fall out of specification while in customer inventory, which could require us to incur expenses associated with recalling products and providing customers with new products, either of which could damage customer relations and our reputation. Our inability to produce or obtain necessary biological materials or to successfully manufacture biologic products that incorporate such materials could result in our inability to supply our customers with these products, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and damage our reputation. Issues in our use of AI may result in reputational harm or liability and adversely affect our business We have built, and expect to continue to build, AI into many of our product and service offerings, and we expect this element of our business to grow. We also use and are investing in AI tools for our internal business operations, including to generate code, develop products and services, and increase operational efficiency. We envision a future in which responsible AI operating in our devices, applications, and the cloud helps our customers be more productive in their business activities and interactions with consumers, and we effectively use AI in our operations to improve innovation, efficiency, and customer experience and value. As with many disruptive innovations, AI presents risks and challenges. AI algorithms and models may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient or contain information that is non-representative, infringing, or otherwise subject to legal challenge. Our competitors may incorporate AI into their products, services, and operations more quickly, more successfully and more cost-effectively than us, which could impede our ability to compete. Existing and potential government regulation related to AI use may also foreclose certain areas of AI use, cause us to modify how we use AI, and increase the burden and cost of research and development and compliance in this area, and there is uncertainty around the validity and enforceability of intellectual property rights related to the use, development, and deployment of AI. Our use of AI may also lead to novel cybersecurity or privacy risks, which may adversely affect our operations and reputation. Failure to properly remediate AI usage issues may cause public confidence in AI to be undermined, which could slow adoption of AI in our offerings. The rapid evolution of AI combined with the evolving and unharmonized legal and regulatory landscape will require the application of resources to develop, test, and maintain our products and services to help ensure that AI is implemented in a manner to minimize unintended, harmful impact and to comply with applicable law. Although we continue to invest in AI, those investments may be substantial, and there can be no assurance that our investments will be beneficial to our business. Further, while we strive to develop and use AI responsibly and in compliance with law, including through implementing strong governance processes, there can be no assurance that we will address all AI-related issues that may arise. The failure to address such issues could damage our reputation, give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, or otherwise adversely affect our business. Various U.S. and foreign government regulations could limit or delay our ability to market and sell our products or otherwise negatively impact our business As a global business, we sell products and services in more than 175 countries and operate in an increasingly complex legal and regulatory environment. In the U.S., the manufacture and sale of certain of our products are regulated by federal agencies, such as the USDA, the FDA, and the EPA. Our diagnostic tests for animal health applications that involve the detection of infectious diseases, including most rapid assay canine and feline SNAP tests and livestock and poultry diagnostic tests, must be approved by the USDA prior to sale in the U.S. Our dairy testing products require approval by the FDA before they may be sold commercially in the U.S. The methods used by our water testing products must be approved by the EPA, as a part of its water quality monitoring program, before they can be used by customers in the U.S. 20 Delays by government agencies in approving new products or product upgrades or taking action with respect to other regulatory matters could have a negative impact on our growth and profitability. The ability of government agencies to review and approve new products or product upgrades or take other actions can be affected by various factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key and other personnel, staffing shortages, public health emergencies, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. If a prolonged government shutdown or other disruption of normal business operations occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the USDA, FDA, EPA, and other agencies to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, including with respect to new product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, a prolonged government shutdown or other disruption could prevent the timely review of patent applications by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, which could delay the issuance of U.S. patents to which we would otherwise be entitled. We are also subject to chemical regulation in the U.S., such as California s Proposition 65, which requires businesses to provide warnings to California residents about significant risk of exposures to chemicals in products that are known to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. In addition, governmental authorities in the U.S. are increasingly focused on preventing environmental contamination from per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances ( PFAS ), which may be contained in certain IDEXX products. For example, current law in Maine prohibits the sale in Maine of non-exempt products containing intentionally-added PFAS after January 1, 2032, unless the Maine Department of Environmental Protection has made an unavoidable use determination, and requires reporting after the applicable sales ban takes effect of the presence of PFAS in products that have received unavoidable use determinations. However, these bans and reporting requirements in Maine are currently subject to statutory exemptions for veterinary products and medical devices regulated by or under the jurisdiction of the FDA, USDA, or EPA, as well as products that are used for public health, or for environmental or water quality testing. In addition, federal and state governments and agencies are in various stages of considering and/or implementing laws and regulations requiring the reporting, restriction, and/or phase-out of PFAS in products. The manufacture, import, and sale of our products, as well as our research and development processes, are subject to similar and sometimes more stringent laws in many foreign countries. For example, the European Union regulates the use of certain substances that we currently use in our products or processes. These regulations include, but are not limited to, the Biocidal Products Regulation, which requires the use of approved biocides in our products prior to being manufactured, used, or sold in the European Union; the European Regulation for Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical Substances, or REACH, which regulates and restricts the use of chemicals in the European Union; the Restriction of Hazardous Substances ( RoHS ) Directive, which regulates and restricts certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment; the Electromagnetic Compatibility Directive; and the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive. In addition, European Union regulatory authorities and certain European countries are contemplating regulations to restrict and phase-out PFAS. Other countries have proposed similar regulations, including Australia, Canada, and Brazil. Compliance with these and similar laws, directives and regulations in the U.S. and abroad may require registration of the applicable substances, performance of due diligence across our supply chain and reporting thereon, and/or the redesign or reformulation of our products, and may reduce or eliminate the availability of certain parts and components used in our products and services or lead us to change our suppliers in the event our suppliers are unable to comply with our due diligence requests or the applicable regulations in a timely and cost-effective manner. In extreme situations, compliance with these laws, directives and regulations may require us to eliminate or discontinue the use of a part or component in one or more products, but the redesign or reformulation of such products without such parts or components may not be possible, or cause us to relocate the production of certain products. Any redesign or reformulation, change in our suppliers, restrictions in our supply of parts and components, or relocation may negatively affect the availability or performance of our products and services, add testing lead-times for products and reformulated products, reduce our margins, result in additional costs, or have other similar effects. Any inability to redesign or reformulate one or more of our products may preclude us from marketing and selling such products in the applicable regions. In addition, the costs to comply with these regulations may be significant. Any of these could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. These legal and regulatory requirements are complex and subject to change, and we continue to evaluate their impact. In addition, some foreign governments require us to register or certify our products before they can be distributed or sold, and these product registration requirements, which vary among the applicable jurisdictions and change from time to time, are often complex and require us to engage in lengthy and costly processes and provide confidential, proprietary information about those products to foreign regulatory agencies. For example, compliance with extensive country-specific regulatory processes is required in connection with importing, marketing, and selling our diagnostic products in Japan, Germany, Canada, Brazil, the Netherlands, China, and many other countries. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any product registration required by one or more foreign governments. Any inability to obtain or maintain a required product registration in a jurisdiction could adversely affect our ability to market and sell the applicable product in that jurisdiction, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. There can also be no 21 assurance that confidential, proprietary information provided to foreign regulatory agencies may not be accessed by unauthorized persons or otherwise stolen, which could negatively impact our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our innovative products and our future success. For more information about the risks related to the protection of our proprietary rights in our products and services, refer to Our success is heavily dependent on our continued differentiated product and service innovation below. There has been a recent focus in the U.S. on laws and regulations related to AI, which cover, among other things, algorithm accountability, privacy, and transparency. For example, use of AI and machine learning may be subject to laws and evolving regulations regarding, among other things, data bias and anti-discrimination. For example, the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) enforces consumer protection laws such as Section 5 of the FTC Act, which prohibits unfair and deceptive practices. AI-related legislation has also been introduced in a number of U.S. state legislatures and enacted in some states, such as California and Colorado, but the current U.S. administration issued an executive order in December 2025 to establish a federal policy aimed at curbing the proliferation of state-level AI-related legislation. In August 2024, the European Union Artificial Intelligence Act, which establishes requirements for the provision and use of products that leverage AI, machine learning, and similar technologies was enacted and will become fully effective in August 2026, with some provisions effective February 2025. Additionally, other countries have proposed legal frameworks to regulate AI, which is a trend that may continue to increase, and Japan enacted AI-related legislation in May 2025. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business. We are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations governing our global business practices. For example, jurisdictions in which we operate prohibit bribery and corruption, anti-competitive behavior, and money laundering; impose trade compliance requirements and restrictions, such as prohibitions on doing business with certain entities or individuals; determine rules impacting the importation and exportation of our products; and regulate immigration and travel. These legal, regulatory, and sometimes politically motivated requirements differ among jurisdictions around the world and are rapidly changing and increasingly complex. The costs associated with compliance with these legal and regulatory requirements and adjusting to changing legal and political environments are significant and likely to increase in the future. Any failure by us to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, or to adjust to changing legal and political environments, could result in fines, penalties, and sanctions; product recalls; suspensions or discontinuations of, or limitations or restrictions on, our ability to design, manufacture, market, import, export or sell our products; and damage to our reputation. Any of these could negatively impact our business. Our success is heavily dependent on our continued differentiated product and service innovation We believe our future success significantly depends on our ability to continue, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to enhance our existing differentiated product and service offerings, to continue to incorporate AI, machine learning and automation into our products and services and associated business processes and to develop and introduce new and innovative differentiated products and services. As a result, we invest substantial funds and efforts into research and development, investigating new products and technologies being developed by third parties, and obtaining certain such new products and technologies through licenses or acquisitions. There can be no assurance that our research and development, licensing, or acquisition efforts will achieve expected results, when or whether any of our products or services now under development will be launched, or whether we may be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire new products or technologies or successfully incorporate AI capabilities into our products, services or associated business processes. We also cannot predict whether any product or service offering, once launched, will achieve market acceptance, or achieve sales and revenue consistent with our expectations. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary rights. We also license patents and technologies from third parties to enable the use of third-party technologies in the development, production, and provision of our products and services. If we do not have adequate protection of our proprietary rights or are unable to license third-party patents and technologies on reasonable terms, our business may be restricted or adversely affected by competitors who utilize substantially equivalent technologies to compete with us. We cannot ensure that we will obtain issued patents, that any patents issued or licensed to us will remain valid, or that any patents owned or licensed by us will provide protection against competitors with similar technologies. Even if our patents cover products or services sold by our competitors, the time and expense of litigating to enforce our patent rights could be substantial and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, expiration of patent rights could result in substantial new competition for products or services previously covered by those patent rights. 22 In the past, we have received notices claiming that our products or services infringe third-party patents, and we may receive such notices in the future. Patent litigation is complex and expensive, and the outcome of patent litigation can be difficult to predict. We cannot ensure that we will be successful in a patent litigation or be able to negotiate an acceptable resolution of such a case. If unsuccessful, we may be prohibited from selling certain products or services and/or we may be required to pay damages and/or ongoing royalties as a result of the lawsuit. Any such result could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Increased competition from and technological advances by our competitors could negatively affect our operating results We face intense competition, and we expect that competition will further intensify as new products, services and technologies become available, the use of AI and machine learning expands, and new competitors enter the space. Our competitors in the veterinary diagnostic sector in the United States and abroad include companies that develop, manufacture, and sell veterinary diagnostic tests; commercial veterinary reference laboratories; certain large and well-funded animal health pharmaceutical companies; and corporate hospital chains that operate reference laboratories that serve both their hospitals and unaffiliated hospitals, such as VCA Inc., which is wholly-owned by Mars, Incorporated, another operator of corporate hospital chains that also sells veterinary point-of-care diagnostic instruments. Consolidation among our competitors and our customers may intensify the competition we face. While we believe that our offerings are competitively differentiated due to our innovative products and services that offer an integrated, comprehensive diagnostic solution and the quality of our technical and customer service, there can be no assurance that increased consolidation among our competitors or customers (as well as any resulting veterinary diagnostic vertical integration among our customers) would not have a negative impact on our ability to compete successfully. For more information regarding the risks presented by consolidation and reference laboratory vertical integration among our customers, refer to Consolidation in our customer base, including through increased corporate hospital ownership, and prevalence of buying consortiums could negatively affect our business below. Competition could negatively affect our sales and profitability in a number of ways. New competitors may emerge through the development of innovative new technology (such as the use of AI and machine learning), the acquisition of rights to use existing technologies or the use of existing technologies when patents protecting such existing technologies expire. New or existing competitors may introduce new, innovative, and competitive products and services more quickly, successfully, and effectively, and these products and services could be superior, or be perceived by our customers to be superior, to our products and services or lead to the obsolescence of one or more of our products or services. Business combinations and mergers among our competitors may result in competitors that are better positioned to create, market, and sell more compelling product and service offerings. While an important aspect of our strategy is to continue, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to enhance our existing products and services (including through the incorporation of AI capabilities) and to develop and introduce new and innovative products and services, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop or introduce such products and services or that those products or services will be superior to our competitors products or services or otherwise achieve customer acceptance. Some of our competitors and potential competitors may choose to differentiate themselves by offering products and services perceived in the eyes of customers as similar, at substantially lower sales prices, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations through loss of sales and/or revenues or a decision to lower our own sales prices to remain competitive. In addition, our ability to attract and retain customers depends on the effectiveness of our customer marketing and incentive programs, and multiple competitors could bundle product and service offerings through co-marketing or other arrangements, which could enhance their ability to compete with our broad product and service offerings. Certain of our competitors and potential competitors, including large diagnostic and pharmaceutical companies, also have substantially greater financial and managerial resources than us, as well as greater experience in manufacturing, marketing, research and development, and obtaining regulatory approvals than we do. Consolidation in our customer base, including through increased corporate hospital ownership, and prevalence of buying consortiums could negatively affect our business Veterinarians are our primary customers for our CAG products and services, and the veterinary services industry in the U.S. and abroad has become increasingly consolidated. In the United States, the number of owners of veterinary hospitals has been declining, and an increasing percentage of veterinary hospitals are owned by corporations. Major corporate hospital owners in the U.S. include Mars, Incorporated (owner of Banfield Pet Hospitals, Blue Pearl Veterinary Partners, and VCA Inc.) and National Veterinary Associates. A similar trend exists in other regions such as Canada, the United Kingdom, Europe, Australia, New Zealand, China, and Brazil. Furthermore, an increasing percentage of individually owned veterinary hospitals in the U.S. participate in buying consortiums. Corporate owners of veterinary hospitals and buying consortiums often seek to improve profitability by leveraging the buying power they derive from their scale to obtain favorable pricing from suppliers, 23 which could have a negative impact on our profitability and results of operations. While we have strong supplier relationships with several corporate hospital groups and buying consortiums, decisions by larger corporate owners and buying consortiums to shift their purchases to a competitor would have a negative impact on our results of operations from the loss of future business. Under these circumstances, we may receive customer contract resolution payments, which would generally be recorded in other operating income in the period received. Nonetheless, the loss of future revenue may still be significant and adversely affect our future revenue growth rate and profitability. In addition, certain corporate owners also operate reference laboratories that serve both their hospitals and unaffiliated hospitals and, in some cases, sell veterinary point-of-care diagnostic instruments. Any hospitals acquired by these companies generally attempt to shift all or a large portion of their testing to the reference laboratories operated by these companies, and may attempt to shift their point-of-care diagnostic testing, as well, and there can be no assurance that hospitals that otherwise become affiliated with these companies would not shift all or a portion of their diagnostic testing. Furthermore, hospitals acquired by these companies or those that establish other affiliations with these companies may cease to be customers or potential customers of our other companion animal products and services, which would cause our sales of these products and services to decline. Changes in testing patterns could negatively affect our operating results Demand for our companion animal, livestock and poultry diagnostic tests and our dairy and water testing products could be negatively impacted by factors impacting testing practices. The introduction or broad market acceptance of vaccines or preventatives for the diseases and conditions for which we sell diagnostic tests and services could result in a decline in testing. Changes in accepted medical protocols regarding the diagnosis of certain diseases and conditions could have a similar effect. Eradication or substantial declines in the prevalence of certain diseases also could lead to a decline in diagnostic testing for such diseases. Our livestock and poultry products business in particular is subject to fluctuations resulting from changes in disease prevalence. The outbreak of certain diseases (such as African swine fever) among livestock or poultry, or the adverse impact of climate change-related events (such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, and floods), could lead to the widespread death or precautionary destruction of such animals in the affected regions, reducing herd or flock sizes, which could reduce the demand for our testing products for such animals. Changes in government regulations or in the availability of government funds available for monitoring programs could negatively affect sales of our products that are driven by compliance testing, such as our livestock and poultry, dairy, and water products. In addition, changes and trends in local dairy, poultry, or other food sectors around the world could negatively affect the related production markets resulting in a decline in demand for our testing products. The growth of our CAG business relies in part on a stable pet population and evolving testing patterns of increasing frequency and depth of diagnostic testing. Significant reductions to the pet population or to veterinary protocols that reduce the frequency of diagnostic testing, due to macroeconomic conditions or other reasons, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Actual or perceived economic weakness, whether due to inflation or other factors, may also reduce demand for our companion animal, water, livestock, poultry, and dairy products and services, and public health-related guidance and directives, including stay-at-home orders that may be deployed to combat public health issues, and severe weather conditions could result in a decrease in companion animal clinical visits, the delay of elective procedures and wellness visits and disruption of veterinary clinic operations, all of which would have a negative effect on veterinary service providers and result in declines in demand for our CAG products and services. Declines in testing for any reason, including the reasons described above, along with lost opportunities associated with a reduction in the pet population or veterinary visits, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We sell many products through distributors, which presents risks that could negatively affect our operating results Some of our international product sales occur through third-party distributors. As a result, we are dependent on these distributors to promote and create demand for our products. Our distributors often offer products from several different companies, including our competitors, and may promote our competitors products over our own products. We have limited ability, if any, to cause our distributors to devote adequate resources to promoting, marketing, selling, and supporting our products or to maintain certain inventory levels, and changes in our distributors inventory levels, compared to comparable prior periods, could negatively impact our revenue growth rates. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in maintaining and strengthening our relationships with our distributors or establishing relationships with new distributors who have the ability to market, sell, and support our products effectively. We may rely on one or more key distributors for a product or a region, and the loss of these distributors could reduce our revenue. Distributors may face financial difficulties, including bankruptcy, which could harm our collection of accounts receivable and financial results. While we maintain a rigorous distribution compliance program, violations of anti-corruption or similar laws by our distributors could have a material impact on our business and reputation, and any termination of a distributor relationship may result in increased competition in the applicable jurisdiction. Failure to manage the risks associated with our use of distributors may reduce sales, increase expenses, and weaken our competitive position, any of which could have a negative effect on our operating results. 24 GENERAL RISKS We depend on the efforts of key personnel and talent to succeed and compete effectively Our continued success is substantially dependent on our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly capable and skilled leaders, employees, and other key personnel. Competition for experienced leaders and employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, such as software and AI, can be intense. Our ability to recruit and retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location, flexibility regarding virtual and hybrid work arrangements, work environment, corporate culture, and development opportunities. The loss of the services of, or our failure to recruit or develop and implement effective succession plans for, our senior leadership, other key personnel, and employees may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our strategic objectives, disrupt our operations, and adversely affect our business and our future success. In addition, even if we effectively develop and implement succession plans and make key leadership transitions, such as our planned CEO transition in May 2026 that we announced on January 13, 2026, we cannot provide assurances as to whether we may experience management or other challenges in connection with any of those leadership transitions that could adversely affect our future success and could otherwise materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. We depend on the continuous and reliable operation and security of our information technology systems and our products and services that incorporate or rely on information technology, and any disruption or significant cybersecurity breach or other incident could adversely affect our business We rely on our information systems and third-party information systems to provide access to our web-based products and services, keep financial records, analyze results of operations, process orders and shipments, manage inventory, store confidential or proprietary information, and operate other critical functions. In addition, some of our products and services are cloud-based and connect to the Internet of Things ( IoT ), including information systems that collect and use data on behalf of customers (e.g., veterinary practice management systems and customer communication tools and services) and our connected IoT devices (e.g., IDEXX VetLab Stations and analyzers) that enable our integrated, comprehensive diagnostic solution for veterinary practices, and these products and services rely on third-party providers for cloud computing and storage. These information systems and networks are susceptible to damage, disruption, or shutdown from multiple factors, including failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components; power outages; telecommunications or system failures; terrorist attacks; natural disasters; individual error or malfeasance; server or cloud provider breaches; computer viruses or cyber security attacks or other breaches or incidents. Although we maintain security policies and measures and internal controls, employ system backup measures, engage in redundancy planning and processes, and invest in our data and information technology infrastructure, such policies, measures, controls, planning processes, and investments, as well as our current disaster recovery plans, have not always been effective, and there can be no assurance that these (or any future efforts) will be effective, in preventing any information system or network damage, disruption, or shutdown. The continued use of remote and hybrid work arrangements may additionally result in some increased risk associated with our employees accessing our data and systems remotely. In addition, the use of AI and other emerging technologies by threat actors is growing, enabling more sophisticated and effective cybersecurity attacks and phishing and social engineering schemes and further increasing attack volume and frequency. Our software and some of our other products and services incorporate or rely on information technology and systems that are highly technical and complex, and the timely development, testing, release and deployment of software updates are important for defending against security vulnerabilities. If we or our business partners and suppliers fail to timely develop, test and deploy software updates, the security of our and our customers networks and information systems may be at risk. Vulnerabilities may persist even after a software update is released if the update fails to address the vulnerability s root cause or is otherwise insufficient, testing of the update delays its timely deployment, there is a failure to install the most recent updates, or customers persist in using solutions that are end of life and no longer receive updates. Furthermore, updates or other software changes can lead to software or system inoperability or inadvertently introduce security vulnerabilities, including vulnerabilities that had been previously remedied or from malicious code injected in a supply chain cyberattack. In addition, in some cases, we rely on third-party providers to develop, test and release software updates on a timely basis, and there can be no assurance that these third-party providers will timely or effectively remedy vulnerabilities. We, and some of our third-party vendors, have experienced cybersecurity attacks by threat actors (which may include state-sponsored organizations or nation state actors) and other cybersecurity breaches and incidents in the past, including, among other things, computer viruses and malware, ransomware, denial of service actions, phishing schemes, social engineering, the compromise, misappropriation and/or unauthorized access to (or acquisition or disclosure of) confidential or 25 otherwise protected information, and similar events, and will likely experience further attacks, breaches and incidents in the future, potentially with more frequency. To our knowledge, none have resulted in any material adverse impact to the Company, our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. We have adopted measures to mitigate potential risks associated with information technology disruptions and cybersecurity threats; however, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature, and scope of such disruptions and the evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, which vary in technique and sources, if we or our business partners or suppliers were to experience a system disruption, attack or security breach or incident that impacts any of our critical functions, or our customers were to experience a system disruption, attack or security breach or incident via any of our software or connected IoT products and services, we could be subject to production downtimes, operational and/or productivity delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromise, misappropriation and/or unauthorized access to (or acquisition or disclosure of) confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or misuse of our systems or networks, financial losses and additional costs from remedial actions, repairs to infrastructure, physical systems or data processing systems, increased cybersecurity and information technology protection costs, loss of business or potential liability, and/or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business strategy, competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects. We, our customers, and other users of our products and services also may not promptly learn of or have the ability to fully assess the magnitude or effects of a security vulnerability in connected IoT devices and networks, including the extent, if any, to which a vulnerability has been exploited. Additionally, we have acquired, and in the future may acquire, companies or assets that have less sophisticated information systems, cybersecurity practices, or training, which may result in an increased risk of cybersecurity attacks, breaches, or incidents. Our customers and/or employees could also face negative consequences such as the compromise of sensitive or critical information or systems. Furthermore, access to, public disclosure of, or other loss of data or information (including any of our confidential or proprietary information or personal data or information) as a result of an attack or security breach or incident has given, and in the future may give, rise to notification obligations to individuals, regulators, customers, employees, and others, and could result in governmental actions or private claims or proceedings, any of which could damage our reputation, cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, damage our ability to develop (and protect our rights to) our differentiated technologies, and have a material adverse effect on the Company, our business strategy, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects. While we maintain a cyber risk insurance policy, it may not cover any or all claims, costs or losses associated with all cybersecurity events. For more information regarding personal data and information privacy and data protection risks, refer to Our operations and reputation may be impaired if we, our products, or our services do not comply with our global privacy policy or evolving laws, regulations, and industry standards regarding data privacy and protection below. Factors and events beyond our control could disrupt our operations, supply chain, and logistics network and adversely affect our business Our business and results of operations could be negatively affected by certain factors and events beyond our control, such as natural disasters, severe weather conditions and/or climate change-related events (such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, and floods); public health issues (such as outbreaks, epidemics, or pandemics); civil or military unrest; geopolitical conditions and developments; war, terrorism, armed conflict, or other man-made disasters (including cyberwar, cyberterrorism, or state-sponsored attacks); disruption or loss of service from our cloud service providers; inflationary pressures, which may increase costs for materials and finished goods; adverse or uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including fears of a global economic downturn or recession; increases in wages that drive up prices; rising interest rates; workforce disruptions; labor shortages or stoppages; the imposition of regulations, trade protection measures, tariffs, duties, import/export restrictions, quotas or embargoes on key components; transportation failures affecting the supply and shipment of materials and finished goods; and the unavailability of raw materials. Any of these events could result in, among other things, damage to or the temporary closure of one or more of our manufacturing or distribution facilities or reference laboratories (damage to one of our facilities or the manufacturing equipment we use could be costly and may require substantial lead-time to repair or replace); damage to or closure of one or more facilities of our third-party business partners or suppliers on which we rely; a temporary lack of an adequate work force in one or more sites; an interruption in power supply; a temporary or long-term disruption in our supply chain or logistics network (including a disruption to our ability to obtain critical components for the manufacture of our products); a temporary disruption in our ability to deliver (or delays in the delivery of) our products or services; and short- or long-term damage to our customers businesses (which would adversely impact customer demand for our products and services). For our veterinary customers, these events may negatively affect the number of patient visits and elective procedures, and the volume of diagnostic utilization, and may otherwise disrupt clinical operations, which could adversely affect our revenues. For more information regarding the risks presented by disruption to our suppliers operations and supply chain, refer to Our dependence on third-party suppliers could negatively affect our ability to sell certain products or deliver our cloud-based software solutions, which could negatively affect our operating results above. 26 We manufacture many of our significant companion animal products, including our rapid assay products and certain instruments and consumables, many of our water testing products and certain of our livestock, poultry, and dairy testing products in Southern Maine. Certain of our companion animal products, as well as our human point-of-care products, are manufactured in Roswell, Georgia. We also manufacture certain of our livestock and poultry testing products in Bern, Switzerland and Montpellier, France. In addition, we maintain major distribution facilities in North America and in the Netherlands and reference laboratories in multiple locations, including Memphis, Tennessee; Kornwestheim, Germany; West Sacramento, California; Elmhurst, Illinois; North Grafton, Massachusetts; Brisbane, Australia; Markham, Ontario; Wetherby, U.K.; and Tokyo, Japan. Interruption of operations at any of our facilities, including the ones described above, due to the occurrence of one or more of the events described above could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. While we maintain plans to continue business under such circumstances, there can be no assurance that such plans will be successful in fully or partially mitigating the effects of such events. We also maintain property and business interruption insurance to insure against the financial impact of certain events of this nature. However, this insurance may be insufficient to compensate us for the full amount of any losses that we may incur. In addition, such insurance will not compensate us for potential long-term competitive or reputational effects of being out of the market for the period of any interruption in operations. Since our business is global in nature, geopolitical risks and other risks associated with doing business internationally could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and operating results For the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 36% of our overall revenue and approximately 34%, 81% and 50% of our CAG, LPD, and Water revenues, respectively, were attributable to sales of products and services to customers outside the U.S. Although we intend to continue to expand our international operations and business, we may not be able to successfully promote, market, import, export, sell, or distribute our products and services outside the U.S. Various risks associated with foreign operations may impact our international sales and operations, including, but not limited to, disruptions in transportation of our products or our supply chain; fluctuations in oil prices; increased border protection and restriction on travel; the differing product and service needs of foreign customers; difficulties in building, staffing, and managing foreign operations (including a geographically dispersed workforce); differing protection of intellectual property; trade protection measures, quotas, embargoes, import/export restrictions, capital controls, tariffs, duties, and regulatory and licensing requirements; natural and other disasters; public health issues (such as outbreaks, epidemics, or the prospect of a pandemic); ongoing instability or changes in a country s or region s regulatory, economic, or political conditions, including inflation, recession, interest rate fluctuations, and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts; geopolitical crises, including terrorism, war, armed conflict, or civil or military unrest; other unfavorable geopolitical conditions; security concerns; and local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including business practices prohibited by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations. In addition, to market and sell many of our products outside the U.S., we are subject to product approval and registration requirements that often require us to provide confidential, proprietary information about those products to foreign regulatory agencies. There can be no assurance that the confidential, proprietary information provided to foreign regulatory agencies to comply with product approval and registration requirements may not be accessed by unauthorized persons or otherwise stolen, which could negatively affect our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our innovative products and our future success. We also may forgo marketing and selling some of our products in certain foreign jurisdictions due to the risk of intellectual property theft, which could negatively affect our ability to expand our international operations and business. For more information about the risks related to the protection of our proprietary rights in our products and services, refer to Our success is heavily dependent on our continued differentiated product and service innovation above. Further, prices that we charge to foreign customers may be different than the prices we charge for the same products in the U.S. due to competitive, market or other factors, or changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our results of operations are also susceptible to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. As a result, the mix of domestic and international sales in a particular period could have an adverse impact on our results of operations for that period. A weak worldwide economy, or actual or perceived economic weakness in any significant geography, could result in reduced demand for our products and services or increased customer credit risk A substantial percentage of our sales are made worldwide to the companion animal veterinary industry. Demand for our companion animal diagnostic products and services is driven in part by the number of patient visits to veterinary hospitals and the practices of veterinarians with respect to the recommendations for diagnostic testing, as well as pet owner compliance with these recommendations. Pet owners generally pay cash out of pocket for health care services for their pets from veterinary 27 practices. Actual or perceived economic weakness, whether due to inflation or other factors, in any of our significant geographies could cause pet owners in those regions to forgo or defer visits to veterinary hospitals or affect their willingness to approve certain diagnostic tests, comply with a treatment plan or, even more fundamentally, continue to own a pet. In addition, concerns about the financial resources of pet owners could cause veterinarians to be less likely to recommend certain diagnostic tests, and concerns about the economy may cause veterinarians to defer purchasing capital items such as our instruments and systems. These conditions, if they continue, could result in a decrease in sales or decrease in sales growth, of diagnostic products and services, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Demand for our water products is driven in part by the availability of funds at government laboratories, water utilities, and private certified laboratories that utilize our products. Availability of funds also affects demand by government laboratories and cattle, swine and poultry producers that utilize our livestock and poultry diagnostic products. Actual or perceived economic weakness and the other factors described above have caused and could continue to cause our customers to reduce their investment in such testing, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. A weak economy may also cause deterioration in the financial condition of our distributors and customers, which could inhibit their ability to meet their performance obligations or pay us amounts owed for products delivered or services provided in a timely fashion or at all. We are subject to risks associated with public health issues, including pandemics, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations We are subject to risks associated with public health issues, including pandemics and other events beyond our control. Public health issues and crises may adversely impact our operations, supply chain and logistics network if the locations where we operate, manufacture or distribute our products; where our raw materials or product components are sourced, manufactured or distributed; or where our third-party distributors, suppliers and other service providers operate, are disrupted, temporarily closed or experience worker shortages for a sustained period of time. In addition, public health issues and crises may adversely impact our customers businesses due to business lockdowns, decreased companion animal clinical visits, labor shortages, the delay of elective procedures and wellness visits, and disruption of veterinary clinic and other customer operations, all of which could cause a decline in demand for our products and services. These disruptions could also cause economic slowdowns or increased economic uncertainty. A future public health issue, pandemic, or outbreak could lead to delays in the manufacturing and supply of products, or adversely affect the ability of the USDA, FDA, EPA, or other government agencies to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Moreover, any future public health issue, pandemic, or outbreak could result in the imposition of new governmental restrictions, quarantine requirements or other public health measures, which could result in closures or other restrictions that significantly disrupt our operations or those of our third-party distributors, suppliers or other service providers, or otherwise adversely affect our customers businesses or operations, or result in actual or perceived economic weakness or slowdowns in one or more of our key geographies, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition. Our operations and reputation may be impaired if we, our products, or our services do not comply with our global privacy policy or evolving laws, regulations, and industry standards regarding data privacy and protection Our business operations involve the receipt, storage, transmission, and use of information, including personal data, about our customers, pet owners, suppliers, and employees. We collect and use personal data in a variety of ways. We offer products and services that collect and use personal data, including veterinary practice management systems, online customer communication tools and services, VetConnect PLUS, and two-way integration technology. Some of these products and services rely on third-party providers for cloud computing and storage. We also engage in e-commerce through various websites and collect contact and other personal data from our customers and website visitors, and some of our software products and services enable access to point-of-sale credit card processing functionality for our veterinary customers. In addition, we transfer information, including personal data, among IDEXX, our subsidiaries and third parties with which we have commercial relations for business purposes. Our collection, transfer, protection, security, retention, storage, disclosure, sharing and use of personal data are subject to expanding and increasingly complex laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad. In additio