=== LH_2026-02-24.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS Investors should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this Annual Report, including the following risk factors, before deciding to invest in any of the Company’s securities. The risks below are not the only ones that the Company faces. Additional risks not presently known to the Company, or that it presently deems immaterial, may also negatively impact the Company. The Company’s business, consolidated financial condition, revenues, results of operations, profitability, reputation, or cash flows could be materially impacted by any of these factors. Risks Related to the Company’s Business and Operations General or macro-economic factors and significant fluctuations in economic conditions in the U.S. and globally may have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company’s business depends on sustained demand for diagnostic testing and biopharma laboratory services by patients, physicians, hospitals, MCOs, CROs, pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device companies, and others. Significant changes in global economic conditions, inflationary pressures, and credit market volatility could negatively affect testing volumes, the demand for biopharma laboratory services, cash collections, profitability, and access to financing. Pressure on and uncertainty surrounding the U.S. federal government budget and potential changes in budgeting priorities could adversely affect the funding for government programs that comprise a portion of the Company’s revenue. In addition, uncertainty in the credit markets and interest rate volatility could reduce the availability and increase the cost of credit and impact the Company’s ability to meet its financing needs in the future. Operations may be disrupted and adversely impacted by events beyond the Company’s control, including natural disasters, adverse weather, geopolitical events, public health crises, supply chain disruptions, and inaccessibility of natural resources. Natural disasters (e.g., severe weather, fires, and earthquakes), geopolitical events (e.g., terrorism, war, and political instability), public health crises, criminal activity, supply chain disruptions, and other events beyond the Company’s control could negatively affect the Company’s operations. These disruptions may temporarily reduce testing volumes, delay study progress, hinder specimen transport, limit access to laboratories and IT systems, and interrupt supply deliveries. They may also affect customer operations, further decreasing demand. Prolonged disruptions caused by such events, especially in key operational locations, could harm the Company’s results of operations. An inability to attract, retain, and develop experienced and qualified personnel, including personnel in key roles and critical positions, and increased personnel costs, could adversely affect the Company’s business. The loss of personnel in key roles and critical positions or the inability to attract, retain, and develop experienced and qualified employees, at the Company’s clinical laboratories, drug development, and diagnostic facilities, and increased costs related to such personnel and employees, could adversely affect the business. Success in maintaining the Company’s leadership position in genomic and other advanced testing and diagnostic technologies will depend in part on the Company’s ability to attract and retain skilled research professionals. In addition, the success of the Company’s early discovery, clinical, and commercial laboratories also depends on employing and retaining qualified and experienced professionals, including specialists, who perform laboratory research activities and testing services. The same is true for patient-facing staff with specialized training required to perform activities related to specimen collection or clinical research activities. In the future, if competition for the services of these professionals increases, the Company may not be able to continue to attract and retain individuals in its markets. Changes to personnel in key roles and critical positions, and the ability to attract, develop, and retain qualified personnel, as a result of increased competition for talent, wage growth, or other market factors, could lead to strategic and operational challenges and uncertainties, distractions of management from other key initiatives, and inefficiencies and increased costs, any of which could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Continued changes in healthcare reimbursement models and products (e.g., health insurance exchanges), changes in government payment and reimbursement systems, or changes in payer mix, including an increase in third-party benefits management and value-based payment models, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s revenues, profitability, and cash flow. The Company’s diagnostic testing services are primarily billed to third parties, including MCOs, employer plans, and other health insurance providers. A shift toward a higher mix of government and MCO payers may adversely effect revenues due to lower reimbursement rates. Ongoing efforts by payers to reduce reimbursement, tighten payment policies, and control utilization are expected to continue. If the Company cannot offset these reductions through cost efficiencies, increased volume or new services, its revenues, profitability, and cash flows may be materially impacted. PAMA has already reduced Medicare reimbursement rates for many tests, and further reductions are expected, although rate reductions are frozen for 2026 and capped at 15% per year for 2027-2029. Delays and changes in coding, billing, and payer policies have historically impacted 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS revenue and margins, and similar disruptions may continue. Increasing patient cost-sharing and evolving value-based care models also pose collection challenges and may affect the Company’s ability to attract and retain MCOs. Changes in government regulation or in practices relating to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, or medical device industries could decrease the need for certain services that BLS provides. BLS supports pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies in navigating the regulatory approval and post-approval compliance requirements process. Changes in government regulations, whether easing or tightening requirements and changes in government operations, including staff reductions and reorganization efforts, could reduce the demand for BLS’s services or make them less competitive. Additionally, efforts to control drug and device costs, or changes in insurer reimbursement practices, may lead customers to reduce R&D spending, which could adversely affect BLS’s business. Increased competition, including price competition, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s revenues and profitability. As further described in Item 1 and Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report, both Dx and BLS operate in highly competitive industries and selection of a commercial laboratory or a drug development partner is based on a number of competitive factors. The commercial laboratory business is intensely competitive in terms of price, service, specialty offerings, and the type and number of commercial laboratories. Dx and BLS compete against a wide range of businesses, as well as in-house departments of pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device, and diagnostic companies, and, to a lesser extent, selected academic research centers, universities, and teaching hospitals. In addition, BLS’s services are subject to increased price competition that may have an adverse effect on the segment’s profitability and consolidated revenues and net earnings. Dx’s or BLS’s inability to compete effectively with other businesses as it relates to certain competitive factors, including the factors mentioned above, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s revenues and profitability. Failure to obtain and retain new customers, the loss of existing customers or material contracts, or a reduction in services or tests ordered or specimens submitted by existing customers, or the inability to retain existing and/or create new relationships with health systems could impact the Company’s ability to successfully grow its business. The Company’s growth depends on attracting new customers and business partners while retaining existing relationships. A decline in test orders or specimen volume from existing customers, or the loss of existing contracts without offsetting growth in its customer base, could impact the Company’s ability to successfully grow its business and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s revenues and profitability. The Company competes primarily on the basis of reputation, efficient and timely performance, and leadership in science, technology, and innovation. The Company’s failure to successfully compete in any of these areas could result in the loss of existing customers, an inability to gain new customers, and reduced or stagnant growth of the Company’s business. Failure to develop or acquire licenses for new or improved testing technologies, or the Company’s customers using new technologies to replace offerings currently provided by the Company could adversely affect its business. The commercial laboratory industry is subject to changing technology and the introduction of new and improved test offerings. The Company’s success in maintaining a leadership position in genomic and other advanced testing technologies will depend, in part, on its ability to develop, acquire, or license new and improved technologies on favorable terms and to obtain appropriate coverage and reimbursement for these technologies. The Company may not be able to negotiate acceptable licensing arrangements, and it cannot be certain that such arrangements will yield commercially successful diagnostic tests. If the Company is unable to license these testing methods at competitive rates, its R&D costs may increase as a result. In addition, if the Company is unable to license new or improved technologies to expand its esoteric testing operations, its testing methods may become outdated and testing volume and revenue may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, advances in technology may lead to the development of more technologies, such as point-of-care testing equipment, that can be operated by healthcare providers in their offices or by patients themselves without requiring the services of commercial laboratories. Development of such technology and its use by the Company’s customers could reduce the demand for its laboratory testing services and the utilization of certain tests offered by the Company and negatively impact its revenues. Similarly, application of AI to testing could reduce demand for the Company’s services, or competitors could adopt use of these technologies and derive benefits from them sooner than the Company, which could adversely affect the Company’s business. Manufacturers of laboratory equipment and test kits could seek to increase their sales by marketing point-of-care laboratory equipment to physicians and by selling test kits approved by regulatory agencies for home or physician office use to both physicians and patients. Increased approval and use of such test kits could lead to increased testing by physicians in their offices or by patients at home, which could affect the Company’s market for laboratory testing services and negatively impact its revenues. 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Changes or disruption in services, supplies, or transportation provided by third parties have impacted, and could in the future materially impact, the Company’s operations and business. Despite having proprietary transport capabilities, the Company remains dependent on third parties for critical supplies and services, including transportation, laboratory materials, and specialized animal populations. Disruptions in supply chains or access to transport—due to factors such as geopolitical instability, public health crises, natural disasters, or vendor noncompliance—have impacted, and could in the future materially impact, the Company’s operations. Furthermore, from time to time, manufacturers discontinue or recall reagents, test kits, or instruments used by the Company to perform laboratory testing. Such discontinuations or recalls could adversely impact the Company’s costs, testing volume and revenue. A failure to identify suitable acquisition targets and successfully close and integrate acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business objectives and its revenues and profitability. Part of the Company’s strategy involves deploying capital in investments that enhance the Company’s business, which includes pursuing strategic acquisitions to strengthen the Company’s scientific capabilities and enhance therapeutic expertise, enhance esoteric testing and global drug development capabilities, and increase presence in key geographic areas. Since January 1, 2021, the Company has invested net cash of approximately $3.8 billion in strategic business acquisitions. However, the Company cannot assure that it will be able to identify acquisition targets that are attractive to the Company or that are of a large enough size to have a meaningful impact on the Company’s results of operations. Furthermore, the successful closing and integration of a strategic acquisition entails numerous risks, including, among others: • failure to obtain regulatory clearance, including due to antitrust concerns; • loss of key customers or employees as a result of the acquisition; • difficulty in consolidating redundant facilities and infrastructure and in standardizing information and other systems; • unidentified regulatory problems at the acquired company or business; • failure to maintain the quality of services that such companies or businesses have historically provided; • unanticipated costs and other liabilities; • potential liabilities related to litigation related to the acquired company or business, or from its prior owners; • failure to timely identify and remediate noncompliant activities of the acquired company or business; • potential periodic impairment of goodwill and intangible assets acquired; • coordination of geographically separated facilities and workforces; and • the potential disruption of the Company’s ongoing business and diversion of management’s resources. The Company cannot assure that current or future acquisitions, if any, or any related integration efforts will be successful, or that the Company’s business will not be adversely affected by any future acquisitions, including with respect to revenues and profitability. Even if the Company is able to successfully integrate the operations of companies and businesses that it acquires in the future, the Company may not be able to realize the benefits that it expects from such acquisitions. Unfavorable labor environments, union strikes, work stoppages, union or works council negotiations, or failure to comply with labor or employment laws could adversely affect the Company’s operations and have a material adverse effect upon the Company’s business. The Company is a party to a limited number of collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions and is subject to employment and labor laws and unionization activity in the U.S. Similar employment and labor obligations exist across other countries in which it conducts business, including appropriate engagement with works councils in Europe. Disputes with regard to the terms of labor agreements or obligations for consultation, potential inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with these unions, unionization activity, or a failure to comply with labor or employment laws could result in, among other things, labor unrest, strikes, work stoppages, slowdowns by the affected workers, fines and penalties. If any of these events were to occur, or other employees were to become unionized, the Company could experience a significant disruption of its operations or higher ongoing labor costs, either of which could have a material adverse effect upon the Company’s business. Additionally, future labor agreements, renegotiations of labor agreements, or changes in labor or employment laws, could compromise its service reliability and significantly increase its costs, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business. Also, the Company may incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation and enforcement actions if the Company fails to comply with legal requirements affecting its workforce and labor practices, including laws and regulations related to wage and hour practices, Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs compliance, and unlawful workplace harassment and discrimination. 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS Continued and increased consolidation of pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies, health systems, physicians and other customers could adversely affect the Company’s business. Consolidation of healthcare companies and providers, including pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies, health systems, and physician practices through horizontal and vertical mergers, acquisitions, and partnerships, is increasing competition and giving some combined companies greater control over more aspects of healthcare, including increased bargaining power. This competition and increased bargaining power may adversely affect the pricing and volume of the Company’s services. In addition, as health systems acquire physician practices, maintaining strong relationships with hospital-based systems and integrated delivery networks is increasingly important to the Company’s business. Dx’s inability to retain its existing relationships with those physicians as they become part of healthcare systems and networks and/or create new relationships could impact its ability to successfully grow and maintain its business, which could adversely affect the Company’s business. Damage or disruption to the Company’s facilities or operations therein could adversely affect the Company’s business. Many of the Company’s facilities, or the operations conducted therein could be difficult to replace in a short period of time. Any event that causes a disruption of the operation of these facilities might impact the Company’s ability to provide services to customers and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The failure to establish, update, or perform to appropriate quality standards could adversely affect the Company’s business and reputation. The Company has quality control systems and processes to support the performance and delivery of its services. A failure to establish, update, or perform in accordance with those systems or processes could result in the loss of customers, loss or suspension of licensure or certifications, or imposition of sanctions or other penalties, among other things, which could adversely affect the Company’s business and reputation. Risks Related to Financial Matters The Company bears financial risk for contracts that, including for reasons beyond the Company’s control, may be underpriced, subject to cost overruns, delayed, or terminated or reduced in scope. The Company enters into fixed-price and capped fee-for-service contracts, bearing financial risk if costs exceed estimates or pricing is insufficient. Such underpricing or significant cost overruns could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Many BLS contracts may be terminated or reduced in scope, including for reasons such as safety issues, undesired product results, insufficient clinical trial or investigator enrollment, customer decisions to halt development, or failure to perform contractual obligations. Loss, reduction, or delay of large or multiple contracts could materially adversely affect BLS’s business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. A significant increase in the Company’s days sales outstanding could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, including by increasing its bad debt or decreasing its cash flow. Billing for laboratory services is a complex process due to varying billing requirements across different payers, including physicians, patients, health plans, Medicare, and Medicaid. A material increase in Dx’s days sales outstanding level, driven by billing complexity or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, including potentially increasing the Company’s bad debt rate and reducing cash flows. While BLS faces less billing complexity, delays in billing or collections could similarly have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, including potentially decreasing cash flows. BLS’s revenues depend on R&D spending by companies in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device industries. BLS’s revenues are closely tied to R&D spending by pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies, which may depend on access to capital and reimbursement from payers. Economic conditions, industry trends, or funding constraints could lead to reduced or delayed R&D activity or outsourcing, materially impacting BLS’s business and financial performance. Foreign currency exchange fluctuations could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business. The Company operates internationally and BLS derives a significant portion of its revenues from non-U.S. operations. Since the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements are denominated in USD, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may impact reported financial results, especially when costs and revenues are denominated in different currencies. These factors could significantly affect BLS’s results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business. 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Company’s uses of financial instruments to limit its exposure to interest rate and currency exchange fluctuations could expose it to risks and financial losses that may adversely affect the Company’s financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. To limit the Company’s exposure to interest rate and currency exchange fluctuations, the Company enters into financial swaps and hedging arrangements, with various counterparties. In addition to any risk related to the counterparties, there can be no assurance that this hedging strategy will be effective in insulating the Company from the risk associated with the underlying transactions or that the Company will not have to pay additional amounts upon settlement. The Company’s level of indebtedness and debt service requirements could adversely affect the Company’s liquidity, results of operations, and business. At December 31, 2025, the indebtedness on the Company’s outstanding senior notes totaled $5.2 billion in aggregate principal, of which $500.0 million is payable within the next 12 months. The Company is also party to credit agreements relating to a $1.0 billion revolving credit facility subject to negative financial covenants limiting subsidiary indebtedness and certain other covenants typical for investment-grade-rated borrowers, and the Company is required to maintain a leverage ratio within certain limits. The Company’s level of indebtedness could adversely affect its business. In particular, such indebtedness could increase the Company’s vulnerability to sustained, adverse macro-economic downturns, limit financing flexibility, and limit its ability to pursue certain operational and strategic opportunities, including large acquisitions. Higher interest rates and changes in debt ratings could increase borrowing costs and reduce access to capital. Additional debt or credit arrangements may further restrict operations and liquidity. The Company may incur additional long-term debt, which could further increase its obligations and business restrictions. Additionally, major debt rating agencies regularly assess the Company’s debt, and there is no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain its existing debt ratings and a failure to do so could raise funding costs and limit access to capital. The Company’s quarterly results of operations may vary significantly from quarter to quarter making it harder to predict future results. The Company’s results of operations may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and are influenced by factors over which the Company has little control, such as: • changes in the global economy, including the imposition of tariffs; • currency exchange rate fluctuations; • the commencement, completion, delay, or cancellation of large projects or contracts or groups of projects; • the progress of ongoing projects; • adverse weather, natural disasters, geopolitical events, public health crises, hostilities or acts of terrorism, acts of vandalism, disruption to supply chains, inaccessibility of natural resources, and other events beyond the Company’s control; • the timing of and costs associated with completed acquisitions or other events; and • changes in the utilization mix of the Company’s services. The Company believes that results of operations for any particular quarter are not necessarily a meaningful indication of future results. While fluctuations in the Company’s quarterly results of operations could negatively or positively affect the market price of the Company’s common stock, these fluctuations may not be related to the Company’s future overall operating performance. The Company depends on a variety of U.S. and international financial institutions to provide us with banking services. The default or failure of one or more of the financial institutions that the Company relies on may adversely affect the Company’s business and financial condition. The Company maintains the majority of its cash and cash equivalents in accounts with major U.S. and international financial institutions, and its deposits at certain of these institutions exceed insured limits. Market conditions can impact the viability of these institutions. In the event of failure of any of the financial institutions where the Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents, there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to access uninsured funds in a timely manner or at all. Additionally, bank payment processes could become unavailable which could temporarily impact the Company’s ability to operate, pay employees, or meet obligations on a timely basis. Any of these could adversely affect the Company’s business and financial condition. 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Company might not be able to engage in certain desirable capital raising or strategic transactions as a result of the Spin-off and may not achieve its intended results. To preserve, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the tax-free qualification of the Spin-off and certain related transactions under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the Company may be limited or restricted in pursing certain transactions. Even if the Spin-off and certain related transactions otherwise qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code, they may result in corporate-level gain to the Company if there is a 50% or greater change in ownership, by vote or value, of the shares of the Company’s stock, Fortrea’s stock, or the stock of a successor of either occurring as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the Spin-off, which is generally presumed to include any acquisitions or issues of stock within two years of the Spin-off. To avoid realizing such taxable gain, the Company may be restricted or limited in its capital raising or in the strategic transactions that it elects to pursue during such time period. Additionally, the Spin-off presents risks that could affect the Company’s business, including exposure to unexpected claims, liabilities, or costs under the Company’s agreements with Fortrea in connection with the Spin-off. Risks Related to Technology and Cybersecurity Failure to maintain the security of customer-related information or compliance with security requirements could damage the Company’s reputation with customers, cause it to incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation and enforcement actions. The Company collects, stores, transmits, and processes personal and financial information, and works with third-party service providers in connection with such data processing activities. A compromise of the Company’s or a vendor’s systems that results in confidential information being acquired, accessed, or changed by unauthorized persons, or failure to meet security standards, such as the HIPAA security regulations and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, could harm the Company’s reputation, operations, financial condition, and liquidity, and may result in litigation, fines, or regulatory actions. For example, the AMCA Incident (as defined below under “Cybersecurity” in Item 1C) resulted in costs, pending and threatened litigation, and regulatory inquiries. For additional information about the AMCA Incident, see Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements of Part III of the Annual Report. Failure in the information technology systems of the Company or its vendors and other third-party service providers, or newly acquired businesses, or delays or failures in the development and implementation of new systems or updates or enhancements to existing systems, could adversely affect the Company’s business. The Company’s operations rely on the continued performance and security of its information technology systems. System failures, cybersecurity incidents, disruptions, or other issues affecting 

=== LH_2026-05-04.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS There have been no material changes in the risk factors that appear in Part I. Item 1A of the Annual Report. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS (dollars and shares in millions, except per share data) During the three months ended March 31, 2026, the Company repurchased the following shares of its Common Stock: Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Repurchased Under the Program January 1 - January 31 — $ — — $ 830.4 February 1 - February 28 0.1 $ 284.01 0.1 $ 809.4 March 1 - March 31 0.3 $ 271.09 0.3 $ 732.4 0.4 $ 273.76 0.4 At March 31, 2026, the Company had outstanding authorization from its Board to purchase up to $732.4 maximum value of shares of Common Stock. The repurchase authorization has no expiration date. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Insider Adoption or Termination of Trading Arrangements: During the quarter ended March 31, 2026, none of the Company’s directors or officers informed it of the adoption, modification or termination of a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as those terms are defined in Regulation S-K, Item 408, except as described in the table below: Name and Title Date Adopted Character of Trading Agreement Aggregate Number of Shares of Common Stock to be (Sold) Purchased Pursuant to Trading Agreement Expiration Date Kathryn W. Kyle March 9, 2026 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement ( 1,633 ) (1)(2) April 9, 2027 (3) Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Bryan T. Vaughn March 8, 2026 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement ( 2,813 ) (1) May 7, 2027 (3) Executive Vice President, Diagnostics (1) The figure presented represents the shares to be sold on the vesting of equity awards and may vary subject to the achievement of certain performance conditions and/or shares to be withheld for tax purposes. (2) Ms. Kyle’s plan provides for the sale of up to 195 shares of Common Stock previously acquired from an equity award vesting event. (3) This trading arrangement permits transactions through the completion of all sales on the respective order entry date. 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS ITEM 6. EXHIBITS (a) 10.1 Second Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 28, 2026, by and among Labcorp Receivables LLC, as seller, persons from time to time party hereto, as purchasers, PNC Bank National Association, as administrative agent, Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings, as Servicer, and PNC Capital Markets, as structuring agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2026). 10.2 Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of March 20, 2026 among the Company, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2026). 22.1* Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 31.1* Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 31.2* Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 32** Written Statement of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 101.INS* Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) * filed herewith ** furnished herewith 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. LABCORP HOLDINGS INC. Registrant By: /s/ ADAM H. SCHECHTER Adam H. Schechter President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ JULIA A. WANG Julia A. Wang Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Dated: May 4, 2026 32 