=== INTC_2026-03-23.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A 1 proxy2026.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box Preliminary Proxy Statement Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) INTEL CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (check all boxes that apply) No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents Letter from Your Board Chair 2 Meeting Notice and Voting Roadmap 4 Governance Proposal 1 Election of 11 Directors 6 Governance Highlights 6 Governance Section Roadmap 7 Board Overview 8 Board Skills 10 Director Skills Experience Matrix 10 Director Nominees 12 Director Biographies 12 Board Composition and Refreshment 18 Director Independence 18 Director Commitments Other Public Board Service 18 Board Leadership Structure 19 Board Self-Evaluations 19 Bo ard Structure and Oversight 20 Board Committees 20 Strategy and Business 22 Management Succession Planning 23 Enterprise Risk Management 24 Cybersecurity 25 Corporate Social Responsibility 25 Stockholder Engagement 26 Share Ownership 27 Director Compensation 28 Independence and Related Party Transactions 30 Audit Proposal 2 Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 32 Auditor Fees 32 Considerations in Re-Engaging EY 33 Audit Committee Report 34 Compensation Proposal 3 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation (Say-on-Pay) 36 Compensation High ligh ts 36 Compensation Section Roadmap 37 Compensation Committee Letter 38 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 40 E xecutive Summary 40 NEOs for 2025 40 New CEO Compensation Package 42 2 025 Elements of Pay 44 2 025 Incentive Program Results 45 Say-on-Pay Response and Stockholder Engagement 45 Compensation Setting Process 46 Peer Group 47 I ndepen d ent Compensation Consultant 47 2025 NEO Compensation 48 Individual Pe rformance Goals 51 Equity Incentive Compensation 53 2 026 Compensat ion P rogram Changes 56 Other Executive Compensation Information 57 Post-Employment Compensation Arrangements 57 Stock Ownership Guidelines 60 Compensation Committee Report 61 Executive Compensation Tables 62 Summary Compensation Table 62 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 66 Stock Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 67 Outstanding Equity Awards Table 68 Pension Benefits Table 70 Deferred Compensation Table 71 Potential Post-Employment Payments 73 CEO Pay Ratio 76 Pay Versus Performance 77 Equity Incentive Plan s Proposal 4 Approval of Amendment and Restatement of the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan 80 Proposal 5 Approval of Amendment and Restatement of the 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) 89 Equity Compensation Plan Information 93 Stockholder Proposals Proposal 6 R equests a Report on Risk of China Exposure 94 Proposal 7 Requests a Report on Intel s Human Rights Due Diligence Process 96 Proposal 8 Requests an Enduring Policy Separating the Chair and CEO Roles 98 Additional Information 202 6 Annual Meeting 100 2027 Annual Mee ting Proposals and Nominations 103 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 103 Financial Statements 104 Communicating with Us 104 Forward-Looking Statements 104 Appendices Appendix A Equity Incentive Plan A-1 Appendix B Employee Stock Purchase Plan B-1 Helpful Resources On behalf of Intel s Board of Directors, we are making these materials available to you beginning on or about March 23, 2026 in connection with our solicitation of proxies for our 2026 Annual Meeting. Letter from Your Board Chair Dear Fellow Stockholders, A Year of Reinvention 2025 was a defining year for Intel. It was a year of intense engagement and decisive action by both the management team and your Board, reflecting the successful leadership transition early in the year. We continued the work of reinventing Intel and its culture, and strengthening the foundations for long-term value creation. This required clarity, urgency and sustained oversight from your Board. Reinventing Intel is a disciplined, multiyear effort to restore execution excellence, strengthen our financial foundation and re-establish the innovation engine that has long defined the company. The work underway in 2025 marked a critical step in that journey. We deepened our relationship with the U.S. government, reflecting the critical role Intel plays in expanding the domestic semiconductor industry. Leadership and Reinvention Central to this reinvention was the appointment of Lip-Bu Tan as Chief Executive Officer. Lip-Bu stepped into the role with a clear mandate sharpen Intel s strategic focus, re-establish trust with our customers, strengthen accountability and accelerate disciplined execution. The Board worked in close partnership with Lip-Bu from the outset of his tenure - aligning on priorities - as he refocused and clarified Intel s strategy and began reinforcing an engineering-centric, customer-focused culture grounded in performance and accountability. Under Lip-Bu s leadership, Intel is restoring its operational rigor and making decisions designed to position the company to compete and win in an increasingly dynamic technology landscape. The Board has strong conviction in his leadership and in the direction now underway. Deep Board Engagement in 2025 Reinvention requires more than leadership change. It demands the sustained efforts of Lip-Bu and the leadership team, together with Board engagement across our core responsibilities. Throughout 2025, your Board Worked with Lip-Bu and his team to refine Intel s strategy to align capital and resources to our highest priority opportunities and competitive advantages Supported key senior leadership appointments, including through compensation and incentive structures designed to align performance, accountability and long-term stockholder value Maintained rigorous oversight of operational, financial and strategic risks and Communicated directly with stockholders. This level of engagement reflects our belief that Intel s transformation must be comprehensive and sustained. There are no shortcuts, but there is measurable progress. 2 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Milestones and Value Creation During 2025, Intel advanced important milestones across its technology and manufacturing roadmap, including continued progress on Intel 18A and Intel 14A, and stronger alignment between product innovation and manufacturing execution. We also improved operational discipline, reinforced cost controls and took deliberate actions to enhance financial resilience. These steps are foundational. They restore credibility with customers, strengthen competitiveness and re-establish Intel s capacity to lead in a world increasingly defined by AI, advanced computing and trusted manufacturing. Governance, Engagement and Refreshment We remain committed to strong governance and active stockholder engagement. Over the past year, our stockholder engagement program connected with investors representing a significant portion of our outstanding shares. Your feedback has informed our oversight and helped shape our priorities. Board composition continues to be an important Board focus. Since 2024, we have added four independent directors, ensuring the Board reflects the skills, experiences and independence necessary to address future opportunities and challenges and to oversee a company of Intel s scale and strategic importance. In November 2025, we appointed Dr. Craig H. Barratt as an independent director. Craig brings more than three decades of leadership experience across the semiconductor and broader technology industries, including serving as CEO of Atheros Communications and in senior roles at Qualcomm, Intel and Google. His technology and operational expertise and industry perspective strengthen the Board as we guide Intel through its next phase. A Leadership Transition After 17 years of service on Intel s Board, including the past three as Chair, I have decided not to stand for re election at the 2026 Annual Meeting. With a new CEO in place, it s the right time for a transition to a new Chair to partner with the CEO and the Board for the next stage of the journey. It has been a privilege to serve during one of the most consequential periods in the company s history. During this time, the Board has acted to strengthen leadership, maintain strong governance and reinforce financial discipline while working closely with and supporting management as we reposition Intel for long-term competitiveness. With a clear and credible strategic direction, a stronger balance sheet, improved customer engagement and meaningful progress on our product and technology roadmap, this is the right moment to transition Board leadership. As I depart, I have full confidence in Lip-Bu and our leadership team, in Craig as the new independent Chair, and in my other fellow directors. The company is in very strong hands. Looking Ahead with Confidence Your Board is firmly committed to Intel s critical role in the global technology ecosystem and its success. Our focus is clear ensure the company is positioned to serve customers with excellence, lead in innovation, and deliver durable, long-term returns for stockholders. The Board has great confidence in the steps taken to reassert Intel s leadership and remains fully committed to disciplined oversight and long-term value creation. Thank you for your continued trust and support. Sincerely, Frank D. Yeary Chair of the Board Letter from Your Board Chair 3 Meeting Notice and Voting Roadmap How to Attend Stockholders may attend the virtual annual meeting by visiting the meeting website www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com Intel26 Date Wednesday, May 13, 2026 Time 9 00 A.M. Pacific Time How to Vote Stockholders as of the close of business on the record date, March 16, 2026, are entitled to vote at the meeting. You may vote ONLINE at www.proxyvote.com . You may also vote online during the annual meeting and or submit questions at the meeting website (see above). BY PHONE by calling the applicable number For stockholders of record (800) 690-6903 For beneficial stockholders (800) 454-8683 BY MAIL if you have received a printed version of these proxy materials. SCAN this code to your phone to receive all of the meeting details. This 2026 Proxy Statement and Notice of Annual Meeting and the 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K are available at www.intc.com . For additional details on how to access the meeting, and more information, including for beneficial holders, see Additional Information on page 100 . Items of Business Proposal 1 Election of 11 Directors Through regular refreshment, we have built a Board that is highly qualified, engaged and independent. We believe our Board possesses the necessary skills, experiences and mix of backgrounds and perspectives to effectively oversee our business and strategic initiatives and represent the long-term interests of our stockholders. Upon the recommendation of the Governance Committee, the Board has nominated the following 11 current directors for election to serve as directors until our 2027 Annual Meeting. See page 6 The Board recommends that you vote FOR each director nominee. Craig H. Barratt Former CEO of Atheros Communications Eric Meurice Former CEO President of ASML Stacy J. Smith Executive Chairman at Kioxia James J. Goetz Partner at Sequoia Capital Barbara G. Novick Co-founder, Former Vice Chairman and Senior Advisor at BlackRock Lip-Bu Tan CEO, Intel Former CEO of Cadence Design Systems Andrea J. Goldsmith President Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Stony Brook Steve Sanghi CEO President of Microchip Technology Dion J. Weisler Former CEO President of HP Alyssa H. Henry Former Square CEO at Block Gregory D. Smith Former CFO EVP, Enterprise Operations of Boeing 4 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Proposal 2 Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee considered a number of factors in re-engaging Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, including their independence, objectivity, track record, global footprint and deep semiconductor industry knowledge, experience and expertise. The committee is directly involved in the annual review and engagement of EY and believes their continued retention is in the best interests of Intel and its stockholders. See page 32 The Board recommends that you vote FOR this proposal. Proposal 3 Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation (Say- On- Pay) The Compensation Committee seeks to design an executive compensation program that is tied to our financial and operational performance, furthers our strategic objectives, supports strong compensation governance and pay-for-performance, and is responsive to stockholder feedback. See page 36 The Board recommends that you vote FOR this proposal. Proposal 4 Approval of Amendment and Restatement of the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan Increasing the number of shares issuable under the plan and extending the term of the plan is in the best interest of stockholders as it is necessary for us to have sufficient equity awards available for attracting, motivating and retaining talent. The plan was used to grant equity awards to more than 73% of our employees in 2025. See page 80 The Board recommends that you vote FOR this proposal. Proposal 5 Approval of Amendment and Restatement of the 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) Increasing the number of authorized shares under the ESPP and extending the term of the ESPP is in the best interest of stockholders as the ESPP offers employees the opportunity to purchase common stock of Intel, enables the company to compete for talent in markets in which we operate and helps motivate and retain employees with a market-competitive benefit at a reasonable cost to stockholders. See page 89 The Board recommends that you vote FOR this proposal. Proposals 6-8 Stockholder Proposals Proposal 6 Requests a Report on Risk of China Exposure Proposal 7 Requests a Report on Intel s Human Rights Due Diligence Process Proposal 8 Requests an Enduring Policy Separating the Chair and CEO Roles See page 94 The Board recommends that you vote AGAINST these proposals. Important Notice Regarding The Internet Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting to Be Held on May 13, 2026 Our Board solicits your proxy for the 2026 Annual Meeting and any postponement or adjournment of the meeting for the matters set forth herein. Meeting Notice and Voting Roadmap 5 Governance Proposal 1 Election of 11 Directors Through regular refreshment, we have built a Board that is highly qualified, engaged and independent. We believe our Board possesses the necessary skills, experiences and mix of backgrounds and perspectives to effectively oversee our business and strategic initiatives and represent the long-term interests of our stockholders. What am I voting on Upon the recommendation of our Governance Committee, our Board has nominated the 11 individuals listed in the Director Nominees section (see page 12 ) to serve as directors until our 2027 Annual Meeting. Each nominee currently serves on the Board and was elected at the 2025 Annual Meeting, except that Dr. Barratt was appointed to the Board on November 10, 2025. Each director s term runs from the date of their election until our next annual meeting and until their successor (if any) is elected or appointed. If any director nominee is unable or unwilling to serve as a nominee at the time of the Annual Meeting, the Board may reduce the size of the Board or may designate a substitute nominee and the individuals named as proxies may vote for the election of any such substitute nominee. Alternatively, the proxies may vote just for the remaining nominees, leaving a vacancy that the Board may fill at a later date. However, we have no reason to believe that any of the nominees will be unwilling or unable to serve at the time of the Annual Meeting. The Board recommends that you vote FOR each director nominee. Governance Highlights Accountable to Stockholders Annual election of directors by majority vote with resignation policy for any director not receiving a majority vote Proxy access (3%, 3 years, 20% of board) Stockholder ability to call special meetings (15% threshold) No poison pill Stockholder Voting Rights in Proportion to Economic Interest One vote per share, with no dual-class share structure Proactive and Responsive to Stockholders Proactive year-round stockholder engagement with director participation History of Board responsiveness to stockholder feedback Strong Independent Leadership Structure Independent Board Chair Annual review of Board leadership structure Independent directors meet in executive session at least four times annually Practices that Enhance Board Effectiveness Annual Board and committee self-evaluations Annual review of skills, experiences, backgrounds and contributions of individual directors Active Board refreshment process to evaluate and enhance Board skills Director overboarding limits Director age (75) limit No restrictions on directors' access to management or employees Board and committees can hire outside advisors independent of management Robust Board-level oversight of strategy and business, human capital management, enterprise risk management, ethics, legal and regulatory matters, cybersecurity and corporate social responsibility Management Incentive Structures Aligned with Long-Term Strategy Compensation Committee annually reviews program design Short- and long-term incentive programs designed to reward financial and operational performance that furthers strategy and aligns with stockholder interests 6 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Governance Section Roadmap Board Overview See pages 8 - 9 Overview of the director nominees, including key skills and experiences, the committees they serve on and the other public company boards they sit on Statistical information on the director nominees and Board as a whole Board Skills See pages 10 - 11 Skills matrix utilized by the Governance Committee and the Board in assessing Board composition and identifying areas for potential future enhancement Descriptions of relevant skills experiences, identification of directors with such skills experiences and independent director nominees experience highlights Director Nominees See pages 12 - 17 Biographical information for each of the director nominees, including a brief description of their occupation, business experience and primary qualifications, attributes and skills that the Governance Committee considered in recommending them as director nominees and that the Board considered in nominating them Board Composition and Refreshment See pages 18 - 19 Governance Committee and Board processes with respect to assessing Board composition, including relevant skill experiences, independence and focus and attention of directors Processes for identification of new director candidates, consideration of the annual stockholder vote, description of the conditional resignation policy for directors not re-elected at the annual meeting, solicitation of feedback on Board composition through stockholder engagement, and annual Board self-evaluation Board leadership structure, including independent Board Chair Board Structure and Oversight See pages 20 - 25 Overview of the Board and its committees, including key responsibilities, recent activities and focus areas, committee memberships and meetings Key Board responsibilities strategy and business human capital management enterprise risk management ethics, legal and regulatory matters cybersecurity and corporate social responsibility Stockholder Engagement See page 26 Stockholder engagement cycle and Board philosophy and approach to engagement Off-season engagement details, including scope of outreach, meetings held and key topics discussed Share Ownership See page 27 Intel stock ownership of our directors, named executive officers and current directors and executive officers as a group Beneficial owners of more than 5% of Intel common stock Director Compensation See pages 28 - 29 Board approach to and annual review of director compensation, including Governance Committee engagement of an independent compensation consultant to provide benchmarking data and advice Non-employee director stock ownership guidelines Director and committee retainers and equity awards, director compensation table and outstanding equity awards held by directors Independence and Related Party Transactions See pages 30 - 31 Governance Committee and Board assessments as to the independence of our director nominees (10 of our 11 director nominees are independent) Related party transaction processes overseen by the Audit Committee and related party transactions since the beginning of 2025 Governance Governance Section Roadmap 7 Board Overview Craig H. Barratt Former CEO of Atheros Communications Brings deep semiconductor, computer networking and connectivity experience from his career in senior leadership roles at leading networking companies. Among other accomplishments, as CEO of Atheros Communications he led the company through its IPO and later sale to Qualcomm. Alyssa H. Henry Former Square CEO, Block Brings 25+ years of experience in software engineering and development of database and storage technologies, which is particularly useful as Intel seeks to address the evolving data center market and AI opportunities, as well as substantial senior leadership experiences overseeing successful expansions of business into other technology services. Age 63 Director Since 2025 Committees None Age 55 Director Since 2020 Committees Compensation Governance Public Boards Astera Labs Intuitive Surgical Public Boards Samsara New Director - 2025 Future Board Chair - May 2026 Skills Experiences Skills Experiences James J. Goetz Partner at Sequoia Capital Brings a keen understanding of evolving technologies and a strong track record of helping companies capitalize on disruptive innovation as a long-tenured partner at a venture capital firm, as well as substantial operating experience, a growth mindset and significant private and public company board experience. Eric Meurice Former CEO President, ASML Brings deep semiconductor industry expertise through his leadership of the world s largest supplier of advanced lithography systems, including the extreme ultraviolet (EUV) lithography used in current leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing processes. He also brings a depth of government, legal, regulatory and policy experience from ASML s key geopolitical role in the semiconductor supply chain. Age 60 Director Since 2019 Committees Compensation Governance Age 69 Director Since 2024 Committees Audit Financial Expert Public Boards Palo Alto Networks Public Boards IPG Photonics Skills Experiences Skills Experiences Andrea J. Goldsmith President Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Stony Brook University Brings considerable industry and technical understanding as an accomplished academic, engineer, inventor and entrepreneur (known for her highly acclaimed foundational work in wireless communications), and is also a strong advocate for promoting opportunity and access across the STEM disciplines. Barbara G. Novick Co-founder, Former Vice-Chair, Senior Advisor, BlackRock Brings deep experience in investment, finance and public policy, as well as broad business acumen, as the co-founder and former leader of the largest global asset manager, enabling her to be a strong advocate for the interests of Intel's stockholders as Intel continues its strategic transformation. Age 61 Director Since 2021 Committees Audit Governance Age 65 Director Since 2022 Committees Governance Chair Public Boards None Public Boards Crown Castle Skills Experiences Skills Experiences 8 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Steve Sanghi CEO President, Microchip Technology Brings deep semiconductor industry, operating and manufacturing, emerging technologies, business development and M A experience from his 30 years as CEO of a leading semiconductor company, during which period he helped transform the company from a small non-volatile memory products company to a leading embedded control solutions provider, including through over 20 acquisitions. Lip-Bu Tan CEO, Intel Brings software and semiconductor expertise from his 12 years as CEO of Cadence Design Systems, a computational software company providing solutions for the design and development of complex semiconductor chips and electronic systems, as well as deep industry relationships from his decades of investments in the semiconductor industry and public company board experience. Age 70 Director Since 2024 Committees Compensation Age 66 Director Since 2022 Committees None Public Boards Impinji Microchip Technology Public Boards Schneider Electric Skills Experiences Skills Experiences Gregory D. Smith Former CFO EVP, Enterprise Operations, Boeing Brings operational and financial expertise as the former CFO of the world's largest aerospace company, including significant international experience dealing with foreign governments on market access and regulation and business development experience, having overseen the venture capital arm of Boeing. Dion J. Weisler Former CEO President, HP Brings technical industry knowledge and a deep understanding of the Intel customer experience as the former CEO of HP, as well as valuable public company directorship experiences and a dedication to corporate responsibility, having championed inclusion and sustainability in prior leadership roles. Age 59 Director Since 2017 Committees Audit Financial Expert Age 58 Director Since 2020 Committees Compensation Chair Public Boards Thermo Fisher Scientific BHP Qantas Airways Public Boards American Airlines Skills Experiences Skills Experiences Stacy J. Smith Executive Chair, Kioxia Brings deep semiconductor industry, financial and accounting, operating and manufacturing, and sales, marketing and brand management expertise acquired over nearly 30 years of experience, including as the former Group President of Manufacturing, Operations Sales and former EVP, CFO Director, Corporate Strategy of Intel. Retiring Director Frank D. Yeary Board Chair Mr. Yeary announced in February 2026 his intention to retire from the Board upon the conclusion of the 2026 Annual Meeting. As such, he is not standing for re-election at such meeting and Dr. Barratt will succeed him as Board Chair. Age 63 Director Since 2024 Committees Audit Chair Financial Expert Public Boards Autodesk Kioxia The Board expresses its sincere gratitude and appreciation to Mr. Yeary for his distinguished service, leadership and significant contributions to Intel and its stockholders during his service on the Board and as Board Chair. Skills Experiences Governance Board Overview 9 Board Skills Listed below are the skills and experiences we consider important for our director nominees in light of our current business strategy, structure, and market dynamics. Skill and or Experience Semiconductor and Technology Key to understanding the highly sophisticated design, manufacturing and assembly and test of semiconductor products, our R D efforts, and the technology ecosystems and markets in which we participate, particularly as we seek to regain process technology competitiveness and develop a foundry business. Operating and Manufacturing Valuable asset in overseeing our large scale global R D, manufacturing and assembly and test organization, our significant capacity expansion plans, our strategy to transform the way the product and foundry parts of our organization interact with each other, and our efforts to develop a foundry business. Emerging Technologies and Business Models Important given Intel s highly competitive and rapidly changing industry, where emerging technologies, such as AI, and new business models can rapidly disrupt even the most well-thought-out strategy. Business Development and M A Provides insight into developing and implementing business growth strategies, assessing make vs. buy decisions, analyzing the fit of a proposed acquisition, valuing transactions, assessing management s plans for integration and unlocking stockholder value. Global International Provides valuable business and cultural perspectives for Intel s global R D, manufacturing, assembly and test, and sales (with the majority of our revenue coming from non-U.S. sales), with continued international investments and manufacturing capacity expansions. Sales, Marketing and Brand Management Provides expertise and guidance as we seek to grow sales of our products and foundry services, and enhance our brand. Human Capital Of importance to attracting and retaining top talent in a highly competitive market for senior technology leaders, including in areas such as high performance and cloud computing and AI, as we seek to deliver on our growth and transformation strategy. Senior Leadership Provides an ability to analyze, shape and oversee the execution of important operational and policy issues. Positions at businesses or organizations that are global, face significant competition or involve technology or other rapidly evolving business models are particularly helpful. Financial Knowledge of financial markets and accounting and financial reporting enables oversight of Intel s capital structure, financing and investing activities, efforts to improve our operational efficiencies, and our financial reporting and internal controls. Cybersecurity Experience managing cybersecurity and information security risks or understanding the cybersecurity threat landscape provides valuable knowledge and guidance to the Board in its oversight of the company s broad and significant cybersecurity and product security risks. Government, Legal, Regulatory and Policy Government, regulatory and policy experience is valuable as we engage with governments around the world on significant regulatory and public policy issues, including emerging technologies, such as AI, trade and export control regulations, and government support for the semiconductor industry and supply chain. Public Company Board Provides understanding of good public company board and corporate governance practices, board dynamics and operations, the board-CEO senior management relationship, stakeholder expectations and responsiveness, and appropriate oversight as the company undergoes significant transformation. 10 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement NEW 2025 CEO Highlights Independent Director Nominees Semi Tech Goldsmith Prof. of Electrical Engineering, Stony Brook Meurice CEO, ASML Sanghi CEO, Microchip Technology S. Smith Grp. Pres., Manufacturing, Ops. Sales, Intel Op Man Meurice CEO, ASML Sanghi CEO, Microchip Technology S. Smith Grp. Pres., Manufacturing, Ops. Sales, Intel Weisler CEO, HP and COO, Lenovo Em Tech Barratt CEO, Atheros Communications Henry Square CEO, Block and VP, Amazon Goetz Partner, Sequoia Capital Goldsmith Co-founder and CTO, Plume WiFi Bus Dev Barratt CEO, Atheros Communications Goetz Partner, Sequoia Capital Novick Co-founder and Vice Chair, BlackRock Sanghi CEO, Microchip Technology Glob Int Meurice CEO, ASML G. Smith CFO, Boeing Sanghi CEO, Microchip Technology Weisler CEO, HP and COO, Lenovo Sales Barratt CEO, Atheros Communications Henry Square CEO, Block and VP, Amazon Novick Global Acct. Mgmt. Group Head, BlackRock S. Smith Grp. Pres., Manufacturing, Ops. Sales, Intel Hum Cap Barratt CEO, Atheros Communications Goldsmith President, Stony Brook Novick Co-founder and Vice Chair, BlackRock G. Smith CFO, Boeing Snr Ldr Goetz Partner, Sequoia Capital Henry Square CEO, Block and VP, Amazon Novick Co-founder and Vice Chair, BlackRock Weisler CEO, HP Fin Meurice CEO, ASML G. Smith CFO, Boeing Sanghi CEO, Microchip Technology S. Smith CFO, Intel Cyber Goetz Palo Alto Networks board Henry Square CEO, Block and VP, Amazon G. Smith EVP, Enterprise Operations, Boeing Weisler CEO, HP and COO, Lenovo Govt, Leg Goldsmith U.S. President s Council of Advisors, IEEE, National Academy of Engineering Meurice CEO, ASML Novick Gov n Relations Pub Policy Head, BlackRock Pub Co Barratt Astera Labs, Intuitive Surgical Henry Samsara S. Smith Autodesk, Kioxia Weisler Thermo Fisher, BHP Group, Qantas Airways Governance Board Skills 11 Director Nominees This section provides biographical information for each of the director nominees, including a brief description of their occupation, business experience and primary qualifications, attributes and skills that the Governance Committee considered in recommending them as director nominees and that the Board considered in nominating them. The Board is currently composed of 12 directors. Effective at the Annual Meeting, the Board s size will be reduced to 11 directors. Nominee Stats Independent Women Racially Ethnically Diverse Born Outside the United States 63 years Average Age 4 years Average Tenure Board Stats 4 New Independent Directors since 2024 60 Board (17) and Committee (43) Meetings in 2025 89% Weighted Average Attendance for Directors at Board and Committee Meetings in 2025 Craig H. Barratt Independent Director Since 2025 Age 63 Birthplace Australia Committees None Future Board Chair - May 2026 Skills Experiences Experience Summary Dr. Barratt brings deep semiconductor , cybersecurity and emerging technologies experience from his career in senior leadership roles at Qualcomm, Intel and Google and leading computer networking and connectivity companies. As a former CEO of multiple technology companies, including one that he took through an IPO, period of growth and later sale (Atheros Communications) and another that he led through a period of growth and subsequent sale (Barefoot Networks), he also brings extensive business development and M A , global international , sales, marketing and brand management and financial experience. He also has extensive public company board experience at semiconductor and technology companies. Executive Roles Barefoot Networks, Inc. , a computer networking company (acquired by Intel in 2019) and Intel Corporation CEO and President of Barefoot (2017-2019) Senior Vice President, leading Intel s ethernet, photonics and networking businesses (2019-2020) Alphabet, Inc. , a technology company (2013-2017) CEO, Access and Energy Senior Vice President at subsidiary Google LLC, leading Google Fiber and various internet access and energy projects Atheros Communications, Inc. , a semiconductor company that developed wireless and networking chipsets (acquired by Qualcomm, a technology company, in 2011) and Qualcomm Atheros (a subsidiary of Qualcomm) CEO and President of Atheros Communications (2003-2011) and Vice President, Technology at Atheros Communications (2002-2003) President of Qualcomm Atheros (2011-2013), leading the non- cellular wireless and networking product businesses ArrayComm LLC , a wireless communications software company (1992-2002) Various roles including Executive Vice President and General Manager, Chief Operating Officer and Vice President of Engineering Public Company Boards Astera Labs, Inc. , a fabless semiconductor provider of connectivity solutions for artificial intelligence and cloud infrastructure (since 2025) Intuitive Surgical, Inc. , a robotic-assisted surgery company (since 2011) 12 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement James J. Goetz Independent Director Since 2019 Age 60 Birthplace United States Committees Compensation Governance Andrea J. Goldsmith Independent Director Since 2021 Age 61 Birthplace United States Committees Audit Governance Skills Experiences Skills Experiences Experience Summary Mr. Goetz brings to the Board senior leadership , technology , emerging technologies , business development and cybersecurity experience from his role as a partner of a venture capital firm, where he focuses on cloud, mobile and enterprise technology investments, as well as providing guidance and counsel to a wide variety of internet and technology companies, and his prior work in networks, data security and storage, software and manufacturing through various senior roles and other board experiences. He assembled and led a team that pioneered end-user performance management. His experience with internet and technology companies brings depth to the Board in areas that are important to Intel s business as it moves from a CPU to a multi-architecture xPU company, from silicon to platforms, and from a traditional IDM to a new, modern IDM. Executive Roles Sequoia Capital Operations LLC , a venture capital firm (2004-Present) - Partner VitalSigns Software , a software design, development, and strategy company (1996-1999) - Co-founder Public Company Boards Palo Alto Networks Inc. , a network security solution company (since 2004) Prior Public Company Boards Barracuda Networks Inc. , a data security and storage company (2009-2017) Ruckus Wireless Inc. , a wireless (Wi-Fi) networking equipment manufacturer (2012-2015) Experience Summary Dr. Goldsmith brings to the Board semiconductor , emerging technologies , business development , public company board and government and regulatory experience. She is an accomplished academic, engineer, and inventor with more than two decades of experience at Stanford and Princeton in the fields of electrical engineering and applied science, with highly acclaimed, foundational work in wireless communications. Her research, which focused on the fundamental performance limits of wireless systems, especially with regard to 5G wireless, the mobile Internet of Things (IoT), smart grid design and the applications of communications and signal processing to biology and neuroscience, directly relates to Intel s data-centric business opportunities. As a Co-founder and Chief Technology Officer of Plume WiFi and Quantenna Communications, she gained valuable entrepreneurial, business development and emerging technologies experience. Executive Roles Stony Brook University (2025-Current) President Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering Princeton University (2020-2025) Dean of Engineering and Applied Science Arthur LeGrand Doty Prof. of Electrical and Computer Engineering Stanford University (2012-2020) - Stephen Harris Prof. of Engineering Plume WiFi (formerly Accelera, Inc.) , a provider of software- defined wireless networking technology (2010-2014) - Co- founder and Chief Technology Officer Quantenna Communications (formerly mySource Communications, Inc.) , a silicon chipset producer for high-speed, wireless networking (2005-2009) - Co-founder and Chief Technology Officer Public Company Boards Crown Castle Inc. , a REIT and shared communications infrastructure provider (since 2018) Prior Public Company Boards Medtronic plc , a medical device company (2019-2025) Notable Affiliations U.S. President s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (2021-2025) - Member Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers - Fellow Governance Director Nominees 13 Alyssa H. Henry Independent Director Since 2020 Age 55 Birthplace United States Committees Compensation Governance Eric Meurice Independent Director Since 2024 Age 69 Birthplace France Committees Audit Financial Expert Skills Experiences Skills Experiences Experience Summary Ms. Henry brings senior leadership , technology , emerging technologies and business models , and information security experience to the Board from her executive experience at a mobile payment processing company, including overseeing its expansion into other technology services for small businesses, and by leading the software development segment of a multinational technology company that focuses on e-commerce, cloud computing, digital streaming and artificial intelligence. Her more than 25 years of experience in software engineering and development of database and storage technologies is particularly useful to the Board as Intel seeks to address the evolving data center market and AI opportunities. Executive Roles Block Inc. (formerly Square, Inc.) , a software, hardware and financial services provider for small businesses and individuals (2014-2023) Square CEO (Feb 2023-Oct 2023 (retired)) Square Lead, and Block Infrastructure Information Security Lead (2021-Feb 2023) Seller Lead (2014-2021) Amazon Inc. , a multinational technology company (2006-2014) VP, Amazon Web Services Storage Services Director of Software Development for Ordering Microsoft Corporation , a multinational technology company (1994-2006) - 12 years of engineering, program management, and product unit management roles, working on databases and data access technologies Public Company Boards Samsara Inc. , a connected cloud operations software company (since 2024) Prior Public Company Boards Confluent Inc. , a data infrastructure software company (2021-2026) Unity Software Inc. , a video game software development company (2018-2022) Experience Summary Mr. Meurice brings deep semiconductor , operating and manufacturing and emerging technologies experience to the Board from nearly a decade of leadership as CEO and President of ASML, the world s largest supplier of advanced lithography systems used to manufacture semiconductors. During that time, he also honed his business development and M A , global international , sales and marketing , finance and senior leadership experience as he led ASML through a period of expanded research and development and partnerships with Intel, Samsung and TSMC to support ASML s research and development, including the development of extreme ultraviolet (EUV) lithography used in current leading-edge semiconductor manufacturing processes. At ASML he also developed significant government, legal, regulatory and policy experience given ASML s key geopolitical role in the semiconductor supply chain. Executive Roles ASML Holding N.V. , a semiconductor equipment manufacturing company (2004-2014) Management Board Chair (2013-2014) CEO and President (2004-2013) Thomson SA, Television Division , an electronics manufacturer (2001-2004) - Executive Vice President Dell Computer Corporation , a leading computer company (1995-2001) - Vice President and General Manager, Southern and Eastern Europe ITT Semiconductors , a discrete components and integrated circuits manufacturer (1989-1995) - Worldwide Marketing and Sales Director Intel Corporation (1984-1989) - Various roles in product development and marketing for the automotive sector Public Company Boards IPG Photonics Corp. , a maker of fiber lasers, amplifiers and laser diodes (since 2014) Prior Public Company Boards Global Blue Group Holding AG , a payment solutions provider (2018-2025) Notable Affiliation Accolade Stanford University Graduate School of Business - Arjay Miller Scholar 14 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Barbara G. Novick Independent Director Since 2022 Age 65 Birthplace United States Committees Governance Chair Steve Sanghi Independent Director Since 2024 Age 70 Birthplace India Committees Compensation Skills Experiences Skills Experiences Experience Summary Ms. Novick brings to the Board a deep understanding of the needs and perspectives of investors gained during her more than 30-year career at BlackRock. She also brings to the Board senior leadership , global sales and public policy experience , having served on the Global Executive Committee, created and led the Global Account Management Group for all client segments, and established and led the Global Government Relations and Public Policy Group to provide a voice for investors. She has substantial human capital experience and extensive expertise unlocking stockholder value from having helped grow BlackRock into one of the world s largest asset management companies. Her experience as head of BlackRock s Global Investment Stewardship Group also provides insight into matters relating to corporate governance and stockholder engagement important to a public company board . Executive Roles BlackRock Inc. , an investment and asset management company (1988-Present) Senior Advisor (2021-Present) Head of Global Investment Stewardship (2018-2020) Founder and Head of Global Government Relations and Public Policy Group (2009-2021) Head of Global Account Management Group (1988-2009) Co-founder and Vice Chairman (1988-2021) Notable Affiliation Accolade Barron s - Barron s 100 Most Influential Women in US Finance (2020) Fixed Income Analysts Society Hall of Fame - Inductee Experience Summary Mr. Sanghi brings deep semiconductor, operating and manufacturing, emerging technologies, business development and M A, global international, sales and marketing, human capital, senior leadership, and financial experience to the Board from his 30 years as CEO of Microchip Technology, a leading manufacturer of microcontroller, mixed-signal, analog, FPGA, timing, connectivity, non-volatile memory and Flash IP solutions for various embedded control applications. As CEO, he helped transform Microchip Technology from a small company focused on non-volatile memory products to a leading embedded control solutions, acquiring over 20 companies including Silicon Storage, Standard Microsystems, Micrel, Atmel and Microsemi. Executive Roles Microchip Technology Incorporated , a microcontroller, mixed-signal, analog and Flash-IP solutions company (1990-Present) CEO and President (2024-Present) Executive Chair of the Board (2021-2024) CEO (1991-2021) President (1990-2016) COO (1990-1991) Waferscale Integration, Inc. , an EPROM and flash memory-based programmable systems-chips company ( 1988 - 1990 ) - Vice President, Operations Intel Corporation ( 1978 - 1988 ) - General Manager of Programmable Memory Operations and other prior roles Public Company Boards Impinj, Inc. , a manufacturer of radio-frequency identification devices and software (since 2021) Microchip Technology Incorporated (since 1990) Notable Affiliation Accolade Published author Received the Dr. Morris Chang Exemplary Leadership Award from the Global Semiconductor Alliance in December 2022 Northern Arizona University renamed their College of Engineering, Informatics, and Applied Sciences to the Steve Sanghi College of Engineering Governance Director Nominees 15 Gregory D. Smith Independent Director Since 2017 Age 59 Birthplace Canada Committees Audit Financial Expert Stacy J. Smith Independent Director Since 2024 Age 63 Birthplace United States Committees Audit Chair, Financial Expert Skills Experiences Skills Experiences Experience Summary Mr. Smith brings to the Board senior leadership , financial , human capital and global international experience from his role as Executive Vice President and CFO of the world s largest aerospace company, with responsibility for the company s Enterprise Operations, Finance, Strategy and Shared Services organizations. He led the company s global financing arm, Boeing Capital, its corporate audit function, and its environmental, social and governance work. He also held a number of other key leadership roles, including Vice President of Finance, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, and Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis. In between his two stints at Boeing, he spent four years at Raytheon Company as Vice President of Investor Relations. He brings substantial global international and business development and M A experience to the Board from his enterprise performance and strategy role at Boeing. His responsibilities also included Boeing HorizonX, the venture capital arm of Boeing that identified and invested in start-ups that are developing emerging technologies in markets such as cybersecurity , AI and machine learning, and autonomous systems, among others. He also has extensive government, legal, regulatory and policy experience in dealing with foreign governments, including on issues related to market access and the regulation of business and investment. He also brings operating and manufacturing experience to the Board, having overseen Boeing s manufacturing, operations, supply chain, quality and program management teams. Executive Roles G2 Equity Partners, LLC , a private equity firm (2024-Present) - CEO and Co-founder The Boeing Company (Boeing) , the world s largest aerospace company (2008-2021) CFO and EVP, Enterprise Operations (2020-2021 (retired)) CEO and CFO (Dec 2019-Jan 2020) CFO and EVP, Corporate Development Strategy (2015-2017) EVP, CFO (2012-2015) Raytheon Company , an aerospace and defense conglomerate (2004-2008) - VP, Global Investor Relations Public Company Boards American Airlines Group, Inc. , a U.S. airline (since 2022) Experience Summary Mr. Smith brings an extensive breadth of semiconductor , operations and manufacturing and sales, marketing and brand management experience, with significant senior leadership and human capital experience, acquired from numerous roles at Intel, such as Group President of Manufacturing, Operations and Sales (MOS) and Chief Financial Officer (which role he held for nearly a decade). He also brings strategic thinking and analytical skills in the context of business development and M A as evidenced from his roles across finance as Chief Financial Officer, Director of Corporate Strategy and Group President of MOS, in addition to technical expertise from his role as Chief Information Officer. He has a wealth of global international experience having led teams across the United States, Europe, Latin America and Asia. He has also served on multiple public company boards for more than two decades and has helped take two companies public. Executive Roles Kioxia Corporation , formerly Toshiba Memory Corporation, a Japanese flash memory and SSD company (2018-current) - Executive Chair of the Board Intel Corporation (1988-2018) Group President, Manufacturing, Operations Sales (2017-2018) CFO (2007-2016) Other prior roles include Chief Information Officer and EMEA Sales and Marketing Public Company Boards Autodesk Inc. , multinational software products and services company (since 2011) Kioxia Corporation (since 2018) Prior Public Company Boards Wolfspeed Inc. , a wide-bandgap semiconductor developer and manufacturer (2023-2025) Virgin America Inc. , a U.S. airline (2014-2016) 16 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Lip-Bu Tan Chief Executive Officer Director Since 2022 Age 66 Birthplace Malaysia Committees None Dion J. Weisler Independent Director Since 2020 Age 58 Birthplace Australia Committees Compensation Chair Skills Experiences Skills Experiences Experience Summary Mr. Tan was appointed CEO of Intel in March 2025. He was a director of Intel from 2022 through August 2024, and was reappointed to the Board upon his becoming CEO. Mr. Tan is a highly accomplished semiconductor industry leader, having previously served for 12 years as the CEO of Cadence Design Systems, a computational software company providing solutions used to design and develop complex semiconductor chips and electronic systems. He is also the founder and chairman of an international venture capital firm and the founding managing partner of two other funds. Mr. Tan brings to the Board deep semiconductor and technology , senior leadership , global international, financial , human capital , sales and marketing , emerging technologies and business models , business development and M A and public company board experience. Executive Roles Walden International , an international venture capital firm (1987-Present) - Founder and Chairman Celesta Capital , a venture capital firm (2013-Present) - Founding Managing Partner Walden Catalyst Ventures , a venture capital firm (2021- Present) - Founding Managing Partner Cadence Design Systems, Inc. , a computational software company Executive Chair of the Board (2021-2023) CEO (2017-2021) CEO and President (2009-2017) Public Company Boards Schneider Electric SE , a digital automation and energy management company (since 2018) Prior Public Company Boards Credo Technology Group Holding Ltd. , a connectivity solutions provider (2019-2025) Cadence Design Systems, Inc. , a computational software company (2004-2023) Notable Affiliation Accolade University of California, Berkeley s College of Engineering and Division of Computing, Data Science, and Society - Advisory board member Semiconductor Industry Association - Robert N. Noyce Award recipient, association s highest honor (2022) Experience Summary Mr. Weisler brings to the Board semiconductor and technology , operating and manufacturing , senior leadership , global international , emerging technologies and cybersecurity experience from his more than 35 years of experience in the computer industry. From his role as CEO and President of HP, one of the world s largest technology companies, he also has financial expertise and extensive experience managing human capital and executing a business development and M A strategy. He also brings valuable public company board experience from his years of service on the boards of multinational companies like Thermo Fisher Scientific, the BHP Group and Qantas Airways. Executive Roles HP, Inc. , a computer, printer and related supplies technology company CEO and President (2015-2019 (retired)) EVP, Printing and Personal Systems Group (2013-2015) SVP and Managing Director, Printing and Personal Systems, Asia Pacific and Japan (2012-2013) Lenovo Group Ltd. , a technology company VP and COO, Product and Mobile Internet Digital Home Groups (2008-2011) VP and GM, South East Asia (2007-2008) Public Company Boards Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. , an analytical laboratory instrument manufacturer (since 2017) BHP Group Ltd. , a mining, metals, and petroleum company (since 2019) Qantas Airways Limited , an Australian airline (since 2025) Governance Director Nominees 17 Board Composition and Refreshment Assess Board Composition Relevant Skills Experiences The Governance Committee and Board undertake a regular evaluation of the existing and future needs and skill sets of the Board in light of the company s evolving strategy. In addition to developing and maintaining a skills matrix (see page 10 ), the committee receives input from stockholders through the stockholder engagement process and the vote support each director received during the most recent annual meeting. The Board is committed to being composed of directors with broad and complementary perspectives, skills, experiences and backgrounds to enable the Board to represent stockholders interests. In 2014, the Board formally adopted its commitment to actively seek women and minority candidates, and those with a breadth of backgrounds and skills, to add to the pool from which Board nominees are considered, and annually assess its effectiveness in this regard as part of its self-evaluation process. Independence The Board believes that a substantial majority of the Board should be independent of management and considers all relevant facts and circumstances in determining independence. The Board has determined that 10 of our 11 nominees are independent under Nasdaq independence requirements. In addition, all directors who serve on the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee satisfy heightened SEC and Nasdaq independence requirements. Activities and Focus The Governance Committee evaluates whether director nominees have sufficient time to effectively serve on the Board. Among other factors, the committee considers the number of public company board, committee and leadership positions the nominee has and the voting guidelines of our top institutional investors and proxy advisory firms the location of the other entities on whose public company boards the nominee sits and for incumbent nominees, Board and committee meeting attendance, the time and attention devoted to fulfilling Board and committee duties, preparedness at and between meetings, and the extent and quality of engagement with management and the Board. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines have the following limits on director service public company CEOs - limited to no more than 2 public company boards, including Intel all directors - limited to no more than 4 public company boards, including Intel and no director may serve on more than 3 public company audit committees. The Governance Committee and the Board affirmed that each director nominee has sufficient capacity to effectively serve on our Board and that their nomination is in stockholders best interests. The Board waived the numerical limit related to public company CEOs for director Steve Sanghi in light of his deep semiconductor industry experience, his commitments being concentrated in the semiconductor industry, and demonstrated strong attendance, preparedness and engagement at Board and committee meetings since becoming a director in 2024. The Board evaluated the Executive Chair position at Kioxia held by director Stacy Smith and determined that it is not a representative director position or a position involving day-to-day management of the company. Instead, it is a customary executive chair position at a Japanese company, a part-time position involving board oversight of management that is not comparable to a U.S. public company CEO or other executive officer position. Balance of Tenures The Governance Committee and Board believe that a mix of tenures promotes an appropriate balance and allows the Board to benefit from the historical, institutional knowledge that longer- tenured directors possess and the fresh perspectives contributed by newer directors. The Board seeks to maintain an average tenure of 10 years or less for the independent directors as a group. The Board believes that its nominees represent an appropriate mix of new perspectives and deep institutional knowledge. 18 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement The Governance Committee establishes procedures for director nominations and recommends candidates for election to the Board. The committee has a robust and ongoing process to assess the skills and make-up of the Board, identify suitable new candidates for the Board, solicit and evaluate feedback from stockholders and assist the Board in an annual self-evaluation process. Identify Qualified Candidates Consider Stockholder Feedback Annually Evaluate Performance Governance Committee Search The committee regularly reviews the candidate pipeline. Candidates are screened for conflicts of interest and independence, references are checked, backgrounds and experiences are reviewed, and candidates are interviewed by existing directors. In 2025, the committee retained a leading search firm to generate candidates with a range of perspectives and experiences important to support the Board s composition needs, which included deep semiconductor industry and financial expertise. Our newest independent director nominee, Dr. Craig H. Barratt, was initially recommended to the committee by the retained independent search firm. Other Sources The Governance Committee also considers suggestions from Board members and candidates proposed by stockholders and employees and evaluates them using the same criteria. Stockholders may suggest a candidate for consideration by sending their name and qualifications to our Corporate Secretary (see Communicating with Us on page 104 ). We have also adopted proxy access. See page 103 . Annual Stockholder Vote All directors are elected annually and subject to a majority vote standard. For more information on the majority voting standard, see Additional Information on page 100 . Conditional Resignation Policy Under our Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines, each director must submit an advance, contingent, irrevocable resignation that the Board may accept if stockholders do not re-elect that director. In that situation, our Governance Committee would make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept the resignation, or whether to take other action instead. Within 90 days from the date of the certified election results, the Board would act on the recommendation and publicly disclose its decision and rationale. Stockholder Engagement The Governance Committee assists the Board with the stockholder engagement program, which is designed to solicit and incorporate stockholder feedback on all topics relevant to Intel, including feedback on individual directors and Board composition. For more information, see Stockholder Engagement on page 26 . Board Self-Evaluation Process The Governance Committee Chair, in collaboration with the Board Chair, is responsible for managing the annual process for evaluating the Board and its committees and individual directors. In 2025, the Governance Committee utilized the same Board self-evaluation process as was used in 2024, consisting of two parts an anonymous written questionnaire and interviews with individual directors conducted by the Governance Committee Chair. The results were aggregated and summarized for the Governance Committee Chair, who reported the results to the full Board in executive session. Areas of director feedback included Board and committee composition, focus, meetings, materials, oversight, leadership, culture, director orientation, continuing education and individual director performance and contributions. Independent Board Chair The Board s general policy (per the Corporate Governance Guidelines) is that the Board Chair and CEO positions should be separate to aid the Board s management oversight and the CEO s business focus. If the Board Chair is not independent, the guidelines provide that the independent directors will appoint a Lead Independent Director. For well more than a decade, Intel has had an independent Board Chair. This structure has facilitated relations between the Board, the CEO and other senior management, assisted the Board in reaching consensus on strategies and policies, fostered a robust evaluation process and supported oversight by the independent directors. Mr. Yeary has been the independent Board Chair since January 2023, though from December 2024 through March 2025, during a period of CEO transition, he served as Interim Executive Chair to take a more active role in overseeing, on behalf of the Board, the business and the company s Interim Co-CEOs. During that period, the Board appointed Ms. Henry as Lead Independent Director. Dr. Barratt, an independent director appointed to the Board in November 2025, has been appointed Board Chair effective upon the departure of Mr. Yeary from the Board following the 2026 Annual Meeting. The non-employee directors periodically assess the Board leadership structure to evaluate and implement a structure they believe most effectively supports fulfillment of the Board s responsibilities at such time. The Board believes that its programs for overseeing risk, as described on page 24 , would be effective under a variety of leadership frameworks and, as such, it did not significantly impact the Board s selection of the current leadership structure. Governance Board Composition and Refreshment 19 Board Structure and Oversight Board of Directors Frank D. Yeary Chair Meetings in 2025 17 Mr. Yeary will retire from the Board following the 2026 Annual Meeting Dr. Barratt appointed to become Board Chair upon Mr. Yeary s retirement Recent Activities and Focus Areas Oversight of our cultural transformation aimed at reestablishing engineering excellence, developing a customer-centric mindset and prioritizing decisive action, disciplined execution and strong financial management Oversight of strategy and execution, including product and process technology roadmaps, where we achieved high-volume manufacturing of products on Intel 18A by the end of 2025 at our Arizona and Oregon fabs Capital spend and allocation, including our 2025 cost reduction plan to reduce operating expenses Raising additional capital, including through Sale of a majority interest in Altera Sale of additional Mobileye shares Private placements to NVIDIA and SoftBank Group U.S. government agreement removing prior project milestones from our commercial CHIPS Act agreement, accelerating disbursements and providing for equity issuances to the U.S. government, raising additional capital for the company and aligning U.S. government interests with Intel stockholders Key Responsibilities The Board oversees, counsels, and directs management in the long-term interests of the company and our stockholders and exercises its oversight responsibilities both directly and through its committees. The Board s responsibilities include Strategy and business Human capital management, including CEO selection and performance, management succession planning, culture and compensation Enterprise risk management Ethics, legal and regulatory matters Cybersecurity oversight Corporate social responsibility See page 22 for more details. At each regular Board meeting, time is reserved for independent directors to meet in executive session without management present. Our independent Board Chair presides over these executive sessions. Board Committees Audit Finance Committee Committee Meetings in 2025 11 Stacy J. Smith Chair Financial Expert Dr. Andrea J. Goldsmith Eric Meurice Financial Expert Gregory D. Smith Financial Expert Recent Activities and Focus Areas Financial statements and disclosures, including critical accounting estimates and accounting for U.S. government agreement Capital structure and allocation strategy 2025 cost reduction plan Treasury, tax and litigation matters Review and approval of related party transactions Key Responsibilities Financial reporting, internal controls and internal audit oversight Independent auditor, including appointment, qualifications, independence, compensation and performance Enterprise risk management program Code of Conduct, including compliance program effectiveness Global treasury, finance financial risk, derivative contracts, tax, insurance, capital structure allocation, investor relations and retirement plans Independence. The Board determined that all Audit Committee members satisfy the heightened SEC and Nasdaq independence requirements. Financial Literacy. The Board determined that all Audit Committee members can read and understand the company s financial statements per Nasdaq rules. Financial Experts. The Board determined that Messrs. Meurice, G. Smith and S. Smith were audit committee financial experts per SEC rules. 20 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Each committee regularly reports on its activities and actions to the Board. Each standing committee - Audit, Compensation and Governance - has a Board-approved, written charter posted on our website. See Helpful Resources . Talent and Compensation Committee Committee Meetings in 2025 8 Dion J. Weisler Chair James J. Goetz Alyssa H. Henry Steve Sanghi Recent Activities and Focus Areas Compensation program changes to align with strategy and increase pay-for-performance rigor Executive succession planning and leadership development and transitions Compensation package for new CEO (see page 40 ) Talent and culture impacts of significant 2024 and 2025 headcount reductions Stockholder engagement and feedback (see page 26 ) Key Responsibilities Review and approve salaries, bonuses, equity awards, other compensation elements, performance measures and goals for our executive officers Executive compensation philosophy, design, pay positioning relative to peers, and risk assessment Independent compensation consultant engagement Other compensation matters, including benefit plans Equity incentive plans administration, including equity usage and allocation Management succession planning and development Human capital management strategies, initiatives and programs Independence. The Board determined that all Compensation Committee members satisfy the heightened SEC and Nasdaq independence requirements. Delegation of Authority. The Compensation Committee can designate one or more members to perform duties on its behalf, subject to committee reporting or ratification, and delegate to other directors or company officers the authority to review and grant stock- based compensation for employees who are not executive officers. Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Committee Meetings in 2025 8 Barbara G. Novick Chair James J. Goetz Dr. Andrea J. Goldsmith Alyssa H. Henry Recent Activities and Focus Areas Board composition and director candidate recruitment, including the addition of a new independent director, Dr. Barratt, in November 2025 Geopolitical changes and government affairs activities Stockholder engagement and feedback (see page 26 ) Key Responsibilities Director candidates and independence Board and committee size and composition Corporate responsibility and sustainability performance Stockholder engagement and proposals and responsive actions Corporate Governance Guidelines, corporate organizational documents and poison pill policy Non-employee director compensation Annual evaluation of the Board, committees, and individual directors Attendance Each director attended at least 75% of the Board and committee meetings on which the director served in 2025 with a weighted average attendance of the directors as a group of 89%. The Board s policy is that directors are expected to attend the annual meeting, and all but one of the then-serving directors attended the 2025 Annual Meeting. Engagement with Management The executive leadership team regularly attends Board and committee meetings to present information on the company, our business and our strategy, and directors have access to employees outside of Board and committee meetings. Governance Board Structure and Oversight 21 Key Board Responsibilities The Board oversees and directs management in the long-term interests of the company and our stockholders. It exercises its oversight responsibilities both directly and through its committees, with responsibilities including those set out below. Strategy and Business The Board actively oversees Intel s long-term business strategy and strategic priorities as well as management s execution of that business strategy and achievement of the company s strategic priorities. For example, from early 2021 through 2025, the Board worked closely with management in developing, announcing, monitoring and refining our strategies and business execution aimed at regaining product and process competitiveness and establishing ourselves as a provider of foundry services to third parties. The Board has also worked closely with management in evaluating and refining our AI strategy. The Board understands its role in being good stewards of our business and stockholders capital. The Board annually discusses and approves our budget and capital allocation plans, which are linked to our long-term strategic plans and priorities, and regularly reviews our financial and capital allocation plans with management. In 2025, notable areas of Board focus and key actions included the following Revitalizing the x86 ecosystem and regaining product competitiveness in key markets, including the newly developing AI PC category, the traditional data center market and the evolving data center market for accelerators. We also announced a strategic partnership with NVIDIA to co-develop custom client and data center products combining our x86 CPU technologies with NVIDIA's AI and accelerated computing capabilities. The collaboration is intended to jointly develop multiple generations of products for hyperscale, enterprise and consumer markets based on the x86 architecture. Refining our AI strategy as the types of AI workloads expand from the generative AI driving compute demand, particularly for GPU systems, the last few years to AI inference, agentic AI and physical AI workloads. AI technologies are being increasingly adopted across industries and applications, and we aim to partner with an array of incumbent and developing companies defining these emerging areas and position our x86 platform to be their platform of choice. We also aim to expand our market opportunity by leveraging our engineering and design expertise to develop purpose-built ASICs and GPUs for customers to address the expanding variety of AI-driven compute workloads. Regaining process competitiveness , including the high-volume manufacturing at our Arizona and Oregon fabs and launch of our first products by the end of 2025 utilizing our next generation leading-edge process technology, Intel 18A, incorporating the first high-volume commercial implementations of gate-all-around transistors and backside power. We aim to establish Intel 18A as our first significant process technology for government and enterprise foundry customers. Consideration of our leading-edge strategy of continued development of Intel 14A and next generation process technologies given the capital intensive nature of their development and manufacturing, with a cost structure requiring wafer volumes beyond what we expect from our own products to achieve economic efficiency. Oversight of capital spend and allocation , including Reduced operating expenses , including through our 2025 cost reduction plan and Disciplined capital deployment strategy , aligning new investments and key project milestones with market demands. Raising additional capital to help fund the pursuit of our strategic priorities through divestitures and private placements, including Sale of a 51% interest in and deconsolidation of Altera for net purchase consideration of $4.3 billion Sale of an additional $0.9 billion of Mobileye shares and Private placements of Intel shares to NVIDIA ($5 billion) and SoftBank Group ($2 billion). Intel s agreement with the U.S. government removing prior project milestones from our commercial CHIPS Act agreement, accelerating disbursement to Intel of $5.7 billion under that agreement, and providing for equity issuances to the U.S. government, raising additional capital for the company and aligning U.S. government interests with Intel stockholders. 22 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Additional Board Strategy and Business Oversight Actions Annual two-day Board strategy session, including presentations from many senior executives across the company Routinely engaging with senior management on critical business matters that tie to the company s strategic priorities Periodically traveling to key facilities to meet with local management and obtain a firsthand look at the company s operations Meeting with the next generation of leadership to assess management s development of a high-caliber talent pipeline Human Capital Management The Board is actively engaged in overseeing Intel s human capital management strategies, results, initiatives, and programs. This includes, among other things, CEO selection and performance, management succession planning, culture and compensation. The Board is assisted by the Compensation Committee in many of these areas. CEO Selection and Performance Selection and oversight of the performance of our CEO is one of the Board s most important responsibilities as it is highly impactful across all other areas of our business and to our future success. The full Board is involved in CEO selection and the evaluation of CEO performance. Evaluation of CEO performance occurs both on an ongoing basis as company performance is evaluated, including during executive sessions of the independent directors, and periodically on a more formal basis. Management Succession Planning The Board endeavors to maintain a long-term program for effective development and succession planning of our CEO and other senior leadership, as well as short-term contingency plans for unplanned departures and other events. The Board understands the importance of, and is keenly focused on, the development of internal talent and succession planning. The Compensation Committee reviews succession planning and management development topics with the Board at least once a year. The Board and the Compensation Committee work with our CEO and our Chief People Officer to develop succession plans. The Board has an opportunity to meet regularly with executives at many levels across the company through formal presentations at meetings and informal events throughout the year. Board members are also partnered with key senior leaders based on their backgrounds to assist with mentorship and oversight. The topics of succession planning and management development are discussed regularly in executive sessions of the Board and Compensation Committee. Culture Our culture is defined by our values Customer First, Fearless Innovation, Results Driven, One Intel, Inclusion, Quality, and Integrity. These values are meant to guide how we make decisions, treat each other, serve our customers to achieve their goals, and shape technology as a force for good. We are focused on how we recruit, retain and develop our talent. Organizational culture is monitored and measured by management and overseen by the Compensation Committee, with regular reports by the committee to the Board. During 2025, the Board and Compensation Committee were actively engaged in the oversight of cultural transformation efforts spearheaded by our new CEO and aimed at reestablishing engineering excellence, developing a customer-centric mindset and prioritizing decisive action, disciplined execution and strong financial management. Among other things, during 2025 we simplified our organizational structure, reduced management layers and empowered technical teams to accelerate decision-making and innovation, changes that are intended to increase transparency and accountability, improve operational efficiency, reduce barriers to collaboration and product development and lower expenses. Compensation The Compensation Committee determines the compensation for our executive officers, including our CEO. The committee reviews the executive compensation programs throughout the year with the assistance of an independent compensation consultant. The committee also reviews our compensation and benefits programs more broadly, including our equity incentive plans, and annually conducts a compensation risk assessment to assess whether the programs provisions and operations create undesired or unintentional material risk. For 2025, the committee confirmed that our compensation policies and practices do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the company. For additional information with respect to our executive compensation programs, see Compensation on page 36 . Governance Board Structure and Oversight 23 Enterprise Risk Management Risk is inherent in business, and the Board s oversight, assessment and decisions regarding risks occur in the context of, and in conjunction with, the other activities of the Board and its committees. Board The Board has primary responsibility for enterprise risk management and executes its oversight duties through Assigning specific oversight duties to Board committees based on their areas of expertise and charter-defined roles and responsibilities Periodic briefings and informational sessions by management on the types of risks we face and the enterprise risk management program, including risk-identification, mitigation and control For many enterprise risk management issues, such as cybersecurity risks, the Board receives regular and detailed reports from management or the appropriate Board committee regarding its review of the issues. In some cases, such as for risks regarding new technologies and product acceptance, risk oversight is addressed as part of the full Board s regular oversight of strategic planning. The Board and its committees also assess whether management has an appropriate risk management framework to manage risks and whether that framework is operating effectively. Governance Committee Oversees issues related to risks arising from our environmental, social and governance practices Oversees risks related to our corporate responsibility and sustainability initiatives and performance Compensation Committee Oversees compensation program risks, including confirming that our compensation policies and practices do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the company Oversees risks related to talent and human capital management Audit Committee Oversees issues related to accounting and financial statements, internal control and audit functions, and major financial, product security and cybersecurity risk exposures Oversees management s annual enterprise risk management assessment Management Management is primarily responsible for Identifying risks and risk mitigating controls related to significant business activities Mapping the risks to company strategy Developing programs and recommendations to determine the sufficiency of risk identification, the balance of potential risk to potential reward, and the appropriate manner in which to manage risk Management utilizes the following risk oversight framework Purpose Monitor risks to Intel s strategic objectives over at least a three-year time horizon Implement key mitigation plans for identified risks Identify the most significant risks and develop mitigation plans as appropriate for newly identified risks Approach Annual process consists of interviews of executive team led by our CFO s office Mid-year review with the Audit Committee of the status of previously identified risks and mitigation plans Throughout the year , detailed presentations to the Board and Audit Committee Results Report annually and as needed to the Board and its committees Develop mitigation plans for high-risk items Incorporate high-risk profiles into annual audit plan Disclose significant risks to investors as appropriate 24 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Ethics, Legal and Regulatory Matters Intel s ethics and legal compliance program sets standards for conducting business in accordance with our ethical principles, provides values-based guidance, heightens compliance risk awareness, strengthens decision-making and helps drive sound performance. Our CEO regularly communicates with our employees about the importance of ethics and legal compliance. Through the Audit Committee, the Board receives quarterly reports from our chief compliance officer. Code of Conduct Our Code of Conduct applies to our non-employee directors with respect to their Intel-related activities, as well as to our officers, including our principal executive, principal financial and principal accounting officers, or persons performing similar functions, and all other employees. Directors and executive officers must inform us of any situation that may be perceived as a conflict of interest with Intel. The Board oversees the resolution of any conflict or apparent or potential conflict involving a director or executive officer, and may enlist the legal department to determine whether a conflict exists, and if so, how to resolve it. Any waivers of these conflict rules with regard to a director or an executive officer require the prior approval of the Board. Our Code of Conduct is our code-of-ethics document and is posted on our website (see Helpful Resources ). We intend to disclose future amendments to or waivers of the Code of Conduct granted to directors and executive officers on our website within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver, as required. Government Affairs and Lobbying Information about our priorities and positions on key issues can be found on our Public Policy website and includes the Intel Political Accountability Guidelines. Our government affairs department reports to the Governance Committee at least once a year. Cybersecurity Our Board has ultimate cybersecurity risk oversight, which it manages as part of our enterprise risk management program. The Board is assisted by the Audit Committee, which regularly reviews our cybersecurity program with management and reports to the Board. Cybersecurity reviews by the Audit Committee or the Board generally occur at least twice annually, or more frequently as determined to be necessary or advisable. A number of our directors have experience in assessing and managing cybersecurity risk. Our cybersecurity program is run by our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), who reports to our Chief Information Officer (CIO). Our CISO is informed about and monitors prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation efforts through regular communication and reporting from professionals in the information security team, many of whom hold cybersecurity certifications such as a Certified Information Systems Security Professional or Certified Information Security Manager, and through the use of technological tools and software and results from third-party audits. Our CISO has extensive experience assessing and managing cybersecurity programs and cybersecurity risk. Our CISO has served in that position since 2015 and, before Intel, was the Chief Security Officer at McAfee and the Chief Information Officer and CISO for the U.S. House of Representatives. Our CISO regularly reports directly to the Audit Committee or the Board on our cybersecurity program and efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate and remediate issues. In addition, we have an escalation process in place to inform senior management and the Board of material issues. Corporate Social Responsibility Management provides formal updates to the Governance Committee at least twice each year, and at least annually to the Board, on the company s corporate social responsibility performance and related disclosures. We publish a Corporate Responsibility Report on an annual basis, and have also published and updated a Climate Transition Action Plan, both of which are available on our website. Board Delegation of CSR Oversight Governance Committee Primary responsibility for oversight of our corporate social responsibility matters, with additional topics also reviewed by other committees Compensation Committee Oversight of human capital matters Audit Committee Oversight of our ethics and compliance program Governance Board Structure and Oversight 25 Stockholder Engagement Engagement Cycle We actively engage with our stockholders on a year-round basis. Summer Fall Winter Spring Review annual meeting results to determine appropriate next steps, and plan for the more in-depth off-season stockholder engagement Hold off-season stockholder engagement to have more in-depth discussions with stockholders, solicit feedback and report to the Board and its committees Incorporate input from stockholder meetings into annual meeting planning and governance, compensation and corporate responsibility practices and disclosures Conduct in-season stockholder engagement following the filing of our proxy statement to answer questions and understand stockholder views on matters to be voted on at the annual meeting Engagement Philosophy We believe that our approach to engaging openly with our stockholders on topics such as strategy, corporate governance, executive compensation and corporate responsibility drives increased corporate accountability, improves decision making and ultimately creates long-term value. We are committed to Accountability. Driving and supporting leading corporate governance and Board practices to promote oversight, accountability and good decision making. Transparency. Maintaining high levels of transparency on a range of financial, governance and corporate responsibility issues to build trust and sustainable two-way dialogue that supports our business success. Engagement. Proactively engaging with stockholders and stakeholder groups in dialogue on a range of topics to identify emerging trends and issues to inform our thinking and approach. Our engagement efforts with stockholders allow us to better understand our stockholders priorities and perspectives and provide us with useful input concerning our corporate strategy and our compensation and corporate governance practices. Recent Engagement Our most recent off-season engagement was in early 2026 instead of our normal Fall timing due to the significant Board and management activity related to transactions in Fall 2025 and with the aim of having more meaningful engagement thereafter. Most meetings were led by our head of investor relations. We track the topics discussed with and feedback received from our stockholders throughout the engagement process, and report to the Governance Committee and the Board. Off-Season Engagement Total Contacted Total Engaged Director Engaged 55% Inst O S 30 Stockholders 36% Inst O S 11 Meetings 11% Inst O S 1 Meeting Percentage of Inst O S, or Intel s institutionally-held shares, was calculated as of September 30, 2025. We contacted, engaged and had directors engage with 36%, 25% and 8%, respectively, of Intel s outstanding shares in aggregate. Key Discussion Topics Strategy oversight, including AI Company transformation oversight Board composition and refreshment Culture and talent retention Leadership succession planning Director time commitments 26 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Share Ownership Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers The following table presents the beneficial ownership of shares of Intel common stock of our directors, named executive officers, and directors and executive officers as a group. This information is as of March 20, 2026 except for Mr. Schell and Ms. Johnston Holthaus, where it is as of their departure dates (June 30, 2025 and March 1, 2026, respectively). Common Stock Independent Directors Direct Holdings Indirect Holdings Awards Vesting Deferred RSUs Total Intel Mobileye Craig H. Barratt 26,021 2,730 28,751 James J. Goetz 234,235 12,552 246,787 100,000 Andrea J. Goldsmith 22,176 12,552 34,728 Alyssa H. Henry 56,660 12,552 69,212 Eric Meurice 5,132 12,552 17,684 Barbara G. Novick 3,174 19,582 21,450 44,206 Steve Sanghi 5,132 12,552 17,684 Gregory D. Smith 15,203 12,552 33,514 61,269 Stacy J. Smith 11,069 42,495 12,552 66,116 Dion J. Weisler 53,289 12,552 65,841 Frank D. Yeary 35,956 57,998 26,611 33,006 153,571 75,128 Named Executive Officers Lip-Bu Tan 16,471 1,209,906 1,226,377 50,000 David A. Zinsner 364,918 364,918 2,500 Naga Chandrasekaran 207,517 207,517 April Miller Boise 145,333 145,333 2,800 Michelle Johnston Holthaus 517,739 517,739 30,000 Christoph Schell 93,250 93,250 Current Directors and Executive Officers Current Directors and Executive Officers as a group (15 individuals) 2,749,994 230,428 Direct Holdings Shares directly held by the individual. Indirect Holdings Shares over which the individual has shared voting and or investment power through individual, family and or spousal trusts or other accounts. Awards Vesting Shares subject to RSUs and stock options that become exercisable or vest within 60 days of such date. Deferred RSUs Shares underlying RSUs that have vested but with respect to which settlement has been deferred. Mobileye Shares of Class A common stock of Mobileye Global Inc., an Intel subsidiary, held by our directors and executive officers. Percentage Ownership Each director and named executive officers owns, and the current directors and executive officers as a group own, not more than 1% of the total outstanding shares. Security Ownership of 5% Beneficial Owners The following table sets forth the stock-based holdings of beneficial owners of more than 5% of our common stock as of March 20, 2026 for the U.S. government and as of December 31, 2025 with respect to the other stockholders. 5% Beneficial Owners Shares % Outstanding Sole Voting Power Shared Voting Power Sole Investment Power Shared Investment Power Information Basis U.S. government 1800 F Street NW Washington, DC 20405 433,323,000 8.4 % 433,323,000 433,323,000 Company stock registry The Vanguard Group, Inc. 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355 404,520,480 8.1 % 43,879,962 404,520,480 Schedule 13G A filed January 30, 2026 BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 341,067,967 6.8 % 309,980,092 341,067,967 Schedule 13G A filed January 25, 2024 U.S. government Shareholding is in the name of the United States Department of Commerce and assumes full release of 149,438,785 shares held in escrow (subject to release as we receive disbursements under the Secure Enclave program). Not included are warrants exercisable if we were to cease to directly or indirectly own at least 51% of our Intel Foundry business. If exercised by the U.S. government, the warrants may be settled by one of two methods at the company s election (i) net cash settlement in an amount equal to 240,516,150 shares (assuming full exercise) multiplied by the result, if positive, of subtracting the warrant exercise price ($20.00) from the average market price of our common stock over the 15 consecutive trading day period prior to exercise (the Average Market Price) or (ii) net stock settlement in a number of shares equal to the net cash settlement amount (see (i)) divided by the Average Market Price. Governance Share Ownership 27 Director Compensation Overview The Board s general policy is that non-employee director compensation should be a mix of cash and equity, with the majority being equity. Our CEO, if also a director, receives no additional compensation for being a director. The Governance Committee, consisting solely of independent directors, has the primary responsibility for reviewing non-employee director compensation and considering any changes, which it does on an annual basis, considering factors such as workload and market data. The Board annually reviews the committee s recommendations and determines the amount of director compensation. The Governance Committee engages the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant to assist with our director compensation program. The director compensation peer group is the same as the executive compensation peer group considered by the Compensation Committee for 2025 (see Compensation Discussion and Analysis External Competitive Considerations for 2025 on page 47 for details). The Governance Committee generally targets cash and equity compensation near the median of the director compensation peer group. For 2025, the Board made no changes to the non-employee director compensation structure, which is summarized below. Director Compensation Chair Member Board Annual cash retainer $ 275,000 $ 100,000 Annual equity award 250,000 250,000 Committees Audit Committee $ 45,000 $ 20,000 Compensation Committee 40,000 15,000 Governance Committee 35,000 5,000 M A Committee (disbanded) 20,000 Director Stock Ownership Guidelines 5x annual cash retainer Non-employee directors must hold 5x the annual cash retainer within five years of joining the Board includes deferred RSUs once vested, but not unvested RSUs. As of December 27, 2025, all non-employee directors met the guidelines or still had time to do so. Director Equity and Deferred Compensation Program RSUs in Lieu of Cash. Under the RSUs in Lieu of Cash program, non-employee directors can elect to receive all of their cash compensation in the form of RSUs, which generally vest one year from the grant date. Annual Equity Awards. Each non-employee director re-elected in 2025 received an annual grant of RSUs with a $250,000 target value on the grant date. The RSUs grant date and vesting align with the intended Board service, from election at the annual meeting to the date that is the earlier of the one-year anniversary of the grant date or the next annual meeting. All unvested RSU shares are payable upon retirement from the Board if a director is 75 years old or has at least seven years of Board service. Unvested RSUs do not accrue dividend equivalent rights. Deferred Compensation Program. Non-employee directors can defer their cash and equity compensation. Under the cash deferral program, directors may defer up to 100% of their cash compensation. Deferred amounts earn a return as if invested in Intel common stock, with any dividends deemed reinvested. Directors must elect irrevocably to receive the deferred funds either in a lump sum or in equal annual installments over five or ten years, and to begin receiving distributions at retirement or at a future date not less than 24 months from the election date. This deferred cash compensation is an unsecured Intel obligation. The equity deferral program allows directors to defer the settlement of their vested equity awards until termination of service. Directors do not receive dividends on deferred vested equity awards. Interim Executive Chair Mr. Yeary served as Interim Executive Chair from December 2024, upon the departure of our prior CEO, through March 2025, when Lip-Bu Tan joined Intel as our new CEO. For such service, upon the recommendation of the Governance Committee, the Board awarded Mr. Yeary RSUs (in accordance with prior elections he made) with a target valuation of $700,000 that vested immediately upon the grant of such RSUs in May 2025. 28 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Director Compensation Table The following table sets forth certain information regarding the compensation of each of our non-employee directors who served during fiscal year 2025. The table also sets forth the number of equity awards held by each such non-employee director as of December 27, 2025. Market value is determined by multiplying the number of shares by the Intel common stock closing price on Nasdaq on the last trading day of the fiscal year, unless otherwise specified. Total Compensation for FY 2025 Outstanding Equity Awards at FYE 2025 Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Outstanding Equity Awards (#) Market Value of Outstanding Equity Awards ($) Craig H. Barratt 25,000 25,000 James J. Goetz 115,000 252,200 367,200 12,552 454,400 Andrea J. Goldsmith 125,000 252,200 377,200 12,552 454,400 Alyssa H. Henry 180,000 252,200 432,200 12,552 454,400 Omar Ishrak 62,500 62,500 Tsu-Jae King Liu 52,500 52,500 Risa Lavizzo-Mourey 75,000 75,000 Eric Meurice 120,000 353,700 473,700 12,552 454,400 Barbara G. Novick 393,500 5,000 398,500 41,032 1,485,400 Steve Sanghi 115,000 353,700 468,700 12,552 454,400 Gregory D. Smith 138,800 252,200 391,000 46,066 1,667,600 Stacy J. Smith 132,500 252,200 384,700 12,552 454,400 Dion J. Weisler 140,000 252,200 392,200 12,552 454,400 Frank D. Yeary 1,241,000 1,241,000 59,617 2,158,100 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash and Stock Awards. Includes additional cash compensation of $60,000 received by Ms. Henry for serving as Lead Independent Director during the period Mr. Yeary served as Interim Executive Chair in 2025. Omar Ishrak and Gregory D. Smith deferred their 2025 annual cash compensation until their retirement from the Board. Messrs. Meurice and Sanghi were granted an annual equity award of 5,132 RSUs on January 30, 2025 in connection with their appointments to the Board in December 2024 with a grant date fair value computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 718. With respect to the following equity awards to the directors on May 7, 2025, the grant date fair value was computed in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Annual equity awards to all directors re-elected to the board 12,552 RSUs and RSUs in Lieu of Cash Ms. Novick (7,030 RSUs) and Mr. Yeary (49,205 RSUs, which includes his compensation of $700,000 for serving as Interim Executive Chair in 2025). All Other Compensation. Represents matching charitable contributions from the Intel Foundation on behalf of each noted director to schools and universities that met the guidelines of Intel s employee charitable matching gift program and were eligible for matching funds. Outstanding Equity Awards. Includes (i) unvested RSUs and (ii) vested but deferred equity awards for the following directors Ms. Novick (21,450), Mr. Yeary (33,006) and Mr. G. Smith (33,514). Awards in this column may become payable upon the director s retirement from the Board, depending on the director s age or length of service. Governance Director Compensation 29 Independence and Related Party Transactions Independence Of the 11 director nominees, 10 have been determined by the Board to qualify as an independent director under Nasdaq rules, which require that, in the opinion of the Board, such person not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Lip-Bu Tan is not deemed to be independent under Nasdaq rules due to his service as our CEO. Our director not standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting, Mr. Yeary, was deemed to be independent under Nasdaq rules. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. In making determinations regarding director independence, the Board, with the assistance of the Governance Committee, reviewed and discussed additional information provided by the directors and the company with regard to each director s business and personal activities as they may relate to Intel and Intel s management and considered transactions that occurred since the beginning of 2023 between Intel and entities associated with the directors or members of their immediate families. Such transactions were ordinary course supplier or customer business dealings or charitable contributions, in each case not exceeding the greater of $200,000 or 1% of each of Intel s and the recipient s annual revenue, respectively, in each of the past three years. The Board considered the transactions in the context of the Nasdaq objective standards and the special standards established by the SEC and Nasdaq for members of audit and compensation committees. The Board determined that, based on the nature of the directors relationships with the entity and or the amount involved, no relationships exist that, in the opinion of the Board, impair the directors independence. For a description of stockholder derivative lawsuits involving certain current and former Intel executives and directors, refer to Note 19 Commitments and Contingencies in the financial statements in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Related Party Transactions Policy The Audit Committee is responsible for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions involving Intel or its subsidiaries and related persons (i.e., a director, executive officer or director nominee since the beginning of the previous fiscal year, or a beneficial owner of greater than 5% of Intel at the time of the applicable transaction, and their immediate family members). Intel has written policies and procedures applicable to any transaction or series of transactions in which the company or a subsidiary participates, the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and a related person has a direct or indirect material interest. Intel personnel in the legal and finance departments review transactions involving related persons that are not in one of the pre-cleared transaction categories (see below). If a related person could have a significant interest in such a transaction, the Audit Committee reviews and makes a determination as to whether the related person has a material interest in the transaction, and may approve, ratify, rescind or take other actions in its discretion. The Audit Committee reviews all material facts and may consider whether the transaction is on terms no more favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances, the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction and, if applicable, the availability of other sources of comparable products or services. Pre-Cleared Transaction Categories The Audit Committee has determined that, barring additional facts or circumstances, a related person does not have a direct or indirect material interest in the following Any transaction with another company for which a related person s only relationship is as an employee (other than an executive officer), director or beneficial owner of less than 10% of that company s shares, if the amount involved does not exceed the greater of $1 million or 2% of that company s total annual revenue Any charitable contribution, grant or endowment by Intel or the Intel Foundation to a charitable organization, foundation or university for which a related person s only relationship is as an employee (other than an executive officer) or a director, if the amount involved does not exceed the lesser of $1 million or 2% of the charitable organization s total annual receipts or any matching contribution, grant or endowment by the Intel Foundation Compensation to executive officers or directors determined by the Compensation Committee or the Board Transactions in which all security holders receive proportional benefits and Banking services involving bank depository funds, a transfer agent, registrar, trust indenture trustee or similar. 30 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Related Party Transactions Since the start of fiscal 2025, we have engaged in related party transactions as set out below that are required to be disclosed. The Audit Committee reviewed and approved each of these transactions. Lip-Bu Tan , our CEO and a member of the Board, is also the founder and Chairman of Walden International, an international venture capital fund (together with its affiliates and other entities affiliated with Mr. Tan, Walden). For more than three decades, Walden has been investing in privately held companies, including investments across a broad set of companies in the semiconductor, technology and AI fields. Intel Capital, our corporate venture capital business unit, also invests in privately held companies in the semiconductor, technology and AI fields, and from time to time may invest in companies where Walden has previously invested or is contemporaneously investing. In addition, Intel may from time to time engage in transactions with companies in which Walden has invested. The following such transactions are disclosable pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K Advanced packaging substrate solution provider (Company A) - In April 2025, Intel Capital and Walden each invested $3 million in a 6.0% convertible bridge note issued by Company A. Intel Capital and Walden had previously invested in equity financings of Company A, giving them a 17.4% and 12.0% ownership interest, respectively, before the April 2025 note acquisition. In March 2026, Intel Capital invested $5 million and Walden invested $8 million in a Series D preferred stock financing by Company A and converted their April 2025 notes (plus accrued interest) into additional shares of Series D preferred stock, following which they held a 10.0% and 9.6%, respectively, ownership interest. Power management integrated circuits company (Company B) - In January 2026, Intel Capital invested $3.4 million in a Series A preferred stock financing by Company B, following which it held a 4.6% ownership interest. Before the Series A financing, Walden, together with Lambda Ventures Fund, a venture capital fund affiliated with Mr. Tan, held a 12.3% ownership interest in Company B as a result of investments in prior financing rounds. Mr. Tan s son, Andrew Tan, is a member of the board of directors of Company B. In December 2025, Walden and Lambda together invested a total of $2.2 million in the Series A financing. Following Intel Capital s January 2026 investment, Walden and Lambda together held an 11.8% ownership interest in Company B. AI technology company (Company C) - In January 2026, Intel Capital invested $2.3 million and Walden invested $2 million in a Series B preferred stock financing by Company C. Intel Capital, Walden and Factory HQ Fund, a venture capital fund affiliated with Mr. Tan, had previously invested in equity financings of Company C. Intel Capital held a 14.9% ownership interest before and a 13.7% ownership interest after the Series B financing. Walden and Factory collectively held a 16.9% ownership interest before and a 15.2% ownership interest after the Series B financing. AI infrastructure company (Company D) - In October 2025, Intel Capital invested $10 million in a SAFE (Simple Agreement for Future Equity) financing by Company D, a company in which it had invested in previous financing rounds. Intel Capital converted the SAFE, and invested an additional $35 million, in a Series E preferred stock financing in February 2026 and received shares of Series E preferred stock. Intel Capital held a 6.8% ownership interest before and an 8.2% ownership interest after the Series E preferred stock financing. Mr. Tan has served as the Chairman of Company D s board of directors since November 2017. In October 2025, Walden affiliates Factory and A E Investments LLC, a venture capital fund, also collectively invested $10 million in the SAFE financing, which was converted into Series E preferred stock in February 2026. A E Investments also invested a further $5 million in the Series E financing. Walden, Celesta Capital, an international venture capital fund where Mr. Tan is Founding Managing Partner, Factory and A E Investments collectively held a 10.9% ownership interest before and a 9.8% ownership interest after the Series E preferred stock financing. Intel Capital expects to invest a further $15 million in the Series E financing, subject to the receipt of required regulatory approvals. Assuming such investment is made and Company D raises the remainder of its planned financing, Intel Capital would have a 9.0% ownership interest in Company D and Walden, Celesta Capital, Factory and A E Investments would collectively have a 9.8% ownership interest. Michelle Johnson Holthaus - Nicole Schlappi, the sister of Michelle Johnston Holthaus, former CEO of Intel Products, is employed by us as a non-technical program manager. The aggregate compensation received by Ms. Schlappi for fiscal year 2025 was approximately $274,500. We compensate Ms. Schlappi in a manner consistent with our practices that apply to other similarly situated company employees. Governance Independence and Related Party Transactions 31 Audit Proposal 2 Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm EY Independence. The Audit Committee evaluates the independent auditor selection each year and selected Ernst Young LLP (EY) to serve as our auditor for 2026. EY has served in this role since Intel was incorporated in 1968. EY representatives attended all of the Audit Committee s meetings in 2025, except meetings subject to attorney-client privilege. In order to confirm continued auditor independence, the Audit Committee periodically considers whether there should be a regular rotation of our independent registered public accounting firm. The committee concluded that many factors contribute to the continued support of EY s independence, such as oversight by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) through the establishment of audit, quality, ethics and independence standards in addition to conducting audit inspections, the mandating of reports on internal control over financial reporting, PCAOB requirements for audit partner rotation and limitations imposed by regulation and by the committee on non-audit services provided by EY. The committee has established and monitors limits on the amount of non-audit services that Intel may obtain from EY. Under the auditor independence rules, EY reviews its independence each year and delivers to the committee a letter addressing matters prescribed under those rules. Annual Stockholder Ratification. As a matter of good governance, the Board submits the independent audit firm selection for stockholder ratification. If the selection is not ratified by a majority of the voted shares, the Audit Committee will review its future independent registered public accounting firm selection in light of that vote result. Even if the selection is ratified, the committee in its discretion may appoint a different firm at any time during the year if the committee determines that such a change would be appropriate. The Board recommends that you vote FOR the ratification of the selection of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026. Pre-Approval Policies The Audit Committee pre-approves and reviews audit and non-audit services performed by EY, as well as the fees charged by EY for such services. In its pre-approval and review of non-audit service fees, the committee considers, among other factors, the possible effect of the performance of such services on the auditors independence. EY Expected to Attend Annual Meeting We expect an EY representative to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting, to have an opportunity to make a statement if the representative so chooses, and to be available to respond to appropriate stockholder questions. Auditor Fees The following table shows EY billed fees (net of value-added tax and other similar taxes assessed by non-U.S. jurisdictions on EY billed amounts) for services in fiscal years 2024 and 2025, all of which were approved per the Audit Committee s pre-approval process described in the below report. Fiscal Year Audit Fees Audit-related Fees Tax Fees All Other Fees Total 2025 $ 27,042,700 $ 112,800 $ 324,200 $ 20,000 $ 27,499,700 2024 25,719,400 111,900 248,300 20,000 26,099,600 Services Associated with Fees. Audit Fees relate to professional services provided in connection with the audit of our financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, the review of our quarterly financial statements, registration statements and audit services provided in connection with other statutory or regulatory filings. Audit-related Fees relate to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements, and are not included in Audit Fees. Tax Fees relate to services provided for tax compliance and planning. All Other Fees relate to professional fees not included in the categories above. 32 Intel 2026 Proxy Statement Considerations in Re-Engaging EY Alignment with our geographies and business EY staffing presence, depth and expertise across the 150 countries in which reviews are required and in the geographies with the greatest accounting finance focus EY s high audit quality, performance and results Evaluations of the nature and quality of EY communications and engagement Quality reviews - e.g., PCAOB inspections and peer reviews EY s track record Accounting and auditing field competence Nature of legal or disciplinary actions affecting EY EY s deep institutional company and industry knowledge, experience and expertise EY s and key engagem