=== AES_2026-03-02.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully the following risks, along with the other information contained in or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K. Additional risks and uncertainties also may adversely affect our business and operations. We routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. The categories of risk we have identified in Item 1A.— Risk Factors include risks associated with our operations, governmental regulation and laws, our indebtedness and financial condition. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with Item 7 .— Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. If any of the following events actually occur, our business, financial results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected . 52 | 2025 Annual Report Risks Associated with our Operations The operation of power generation, distribution and transmission facilities involves significant risks. We are in the business of generating and distributing electricity, which involves certain risks that can adversely affect financial and operating performance, including: • changes in the availability of our generation facilities or distribution systems due to increases in scheduled and unscheduled plant outages, equipment failure, failure of transmission systems, labor disputes, disruptions in fuel supply, poor hydrologic and wind conditions, inability to comply with regulatory or permit requirements, or catastrophic events such as fires, floods, storms, hurricanes, earthquakes, dam failures, tsunamis, explosions, terrorist acts, vandalism, cyber-attacks or other similar occurrences; and • changes in our operating cost structure, including, but not limited to, increases in costs relating to gas, coal, oil, and other fuel; fuel transportation; purchased electricity; operations, maintenance, and repair; environmental compliance, including the cost of purchasing emissions offsets and capital expenditures to install environmental emission equipment; transmission access; and insurance. Our businesses require reliable transportation sources (including related infrastructure such as roads, ports, and rail), power sources and water sources to access and conduct operations. The availability and cost of this infrastructure affects capital and operating costs and levels of production and sales. Limitations or interruptions in this infrastructure or at the facilities of our subsidiaries, including as a result of third parties intentionally or unintentionally disrupting this infrastructure or the facilities of our subsidiaries, could impede their ability to produce electricity. In addition, a portion of our generation facilities were constructed many years ago and may require significant capital expenditures for maintenance. The equipment at our plants requires periodic upgrading, improvement or repair and replacement equipment or parts may be difficult to obtain in circumstances where we rely on a single supplier or a small number of suppliers. The inability to obtain replacement equipment or parts, due to disruption of the supply chain or other factors, may impact the ability of our plants to perform. Breakdown or failure of one of our operating facilities may prevent the facility from performing under applicable power sales agreements which, in certain situations, could result in termination of a power purchase or other agreement or incurrence of a liability for liquidated damages and/or other penalties. Power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. In addition to natural risks, such as earthquakes, floods, lightning, hurricanes and wind, hazards, such as fire, explosion, collapse and machinery failure, are inherent risks in our operations which may occur as a result of inadequate internal processes, technological flaws, human error, or actions of third parties or other external events. The control and management of these risks depend upon adequate development and training of personnel and on operational procedures, preventative maintenance plans, and specific programs supported by quality control systems, which may not prevent the occurrence and impact of these risks. In addition, our battery storage operations also involve risks associated with lithium-ion batteries. On rare occasions, lithium-ion batteries can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion batteries. While more recent design developments for our storage projects seek to minimize the impact of such events, these events are inherent risks of our battery storage operations. The hazards described above, along with other safety hazards associated with our operations, can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant, and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and fines and/or penalties. Furthermore, we and our affiliates are parties to material litigation and regulatory proceedings. See Item 3.— Legal Proceedings below. There can be no assurance that the outcomes of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position. 53 | 2025 Annual Report Our renewable energy projects and other initiatives face considerable uncertainties. Wind, solar, and energy storage projects are subject to substantial risks. In particular, in the U.S., AES’ renewable energy generation growth strategy has depended in part on federal, state, and local government policies and incentives that support the development, financing, ownership, and operation of renewable energy generation projects, including investment tax credits, production tax credits, accelerated depreciation, renewable portfolio standards, feed-in-tariffs, and similar programs, REC mechanisms and compliance programs, and tax exemptions. More recently, the favorable regulatory regimes associated with the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 have been curtailed by the passage of H.R. 1 (the "2025 Act"). See Item 7.— Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Key Trends and Uncertainties—Macroeconomic and Political— U.S. Tax Law Reform and U.S. Renewable Energy Tax Credits . If these policies and incentives are further changed or eliminated, if pending tax guidance related to these policies is adverse, or AES is otherwise unable to use these policies or incentives, there could be a material adverse impact on AES’ U.S. renewable growth opportunities, including fewer future PPAs, decreased revenues, reduced economic returns on certain project company investments, increased financing costs, and/or difficulty obtaining financing. Further, the adoption of the 2025 Act requires the issuance of tax guidance, some of which has not yet been issued, that may further impact our projects. In addition, new tariffs, duties, or other assessments have been imposed on the imports of solar cells, modules, batteries, or other equipment utilized in our renewable energy projects. Any such developments could impede the realization of our U.S. renewables strategy by resulting in, among other items, lack of a satisfactory market for the development and/or financing of our U.S. renewable energy projects, abandoning the development of certain U.S. renewable energy projects, a loss of our investments in the projects, and/or reduced project returns. Furthermore, production levels for our wind and solar projects may be dependent upon adequate wind or sunlight resulting in volatility in production levels and profitability. For our wind projects, wind resource estimates are based on historical experience when available and on wind resource studies conducted by an independent engineer. These wind resource estimates are not expected to reflect actual wind energy production in any given year, but long-term averages of a resource. As a result, these types of projects face considerable risk, including that favorable regulatory regimes are further adversely modified. At the development or acquisition stage, our ability to predict actual performance results may be hindered and the projects may not perform as predicted. There are also risks associated with the fact that some of these projects exist in markets where long-term fixed-price contracts for the major cost and revenue components may be unavailable, which in turn may result in these projects having relatively high levels of volatility. These projects can be capital-intensive and generally are designed with a view to obtaining third-party financing, which may be difficult to obtain. As a result, these capital constraints may reduce our ability to develop or obtain third-party financing for these projects. Further, in the U.S., the tax credits associated with certain renewables projects are earned when the project is placed in service. Delays in executing our renewables projects can result in delays in recognizing those tax credits and adversely impact our short-term financial results. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our development projects are subject to substantial uncertainties. We are in various stages of developing and constructing renewables projects and power plants. Certain of these projects have signed long-term contracts or made similar arrangements for the sale of electricity. Successful completion of the development of these projects depends upon overcoming substantial risks, including risks relating to siting, financing, engineering and construction, permitting, interconnection and transmission, governmental approvals, commissioning delays, supply chain related disruptions to our access to materials, or the potential for termination of the power sales contract as a result of a failure to meet certain milestones. Objections of or challenges by local communities or interest groups may delay or impede permitting for our development projects. Additionally, in the U.S., there is a significant backlog of interconnection requests for renewables and battery storage projects and the average time for receiving interconnection approvals is over four years, with significant variations across projects and regions. Our existing interconnection requests may also be subject to regulatory changes that could negatively impact the timing or cost associated with obtaining interconnection approval. Some RTOs, such as PJM, have recently implemented or are considering accelerated or supplemental interconnection processes for high-capacity factor resources or for resources that service a resource adequacy need or new load, 54 | 2025 Annual Report which could result in delays or cost increases to existing or future interconnection requests of intermittent renewable energy projects, such as solar and wind. Additional measures could be considered by RTOs, transmission owners, or governmental authorities to foster or accelerate deployment or utilization of certain high-capacity factor technologies in a manner that negatively impacts the development of solar or wind projects. There are also severe bottlenecks in the transmission system and the build-out of renewables to meet policy goals for renewable deployment will require substantial upgrades to the transmission network. These upgrades may also be delayed by the accelerated or supplemental interconnection of high-capacity factor resources, as discussed above. In certain cases, our subsidiaries may enter into obligations in the development process even though they have not yet secured financing, PPAs, or other important elements for a successful project. For example, our subsidiaries may instruct contractors to begin the construction process or seek to procure equipment without having financing, a PPA or critical permits in place (or enter into a PPA, procurement agreement or other agreement without agreed financing). If the project does not proceed, our subsidiaries may retain certain liabilities. Furthermore, we may undertake significant development costs and subsequently not proceed with a particular project. We believe that capitalized costs for projects under development are recoverable; however, there can be no assurance that any individual project will reach commercial operation. If development efforts are not successful, we may abandon certain projects, resulting in writing off the costs incurred, expensing related capitalized development costs incurred, and incurring additional losses associated with any related contingent liabilities. We do a significant amount of business outside the U.S., including in developing countries. A significant amount of our revenue is generated in developing countries, and we intend to expand our business in certain developing countries in which AES or its customers have an existing presence. International operations, particularly in developing countries, entail significant risks and uncertainties, including: • economic, social, and political instability in any particular country or region; • adverse changes in currency exchange rates; • government restrictions on converting currencies or repatriating funds; • unexpected changes in foreign laws and regulations or in trade, monetary, fiscal, or environmental policies; • high inflation and monetary fluctuations; • restrictions on imports of solar panels, wind turbines, coal, oil, gas, or other raw materials; • threatened or consummated expropriation or nationalization of our assets by foreign governments; • unexpected delays in permitting and governmental approvals; • unexpected changes or instability affecting our strategic partners in developing countries; • failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or other applicable anti-bribery regulations; • unwillingness of governments, agencies, similar organizations, or other counterparties to honor contracts; • unwillingness of governments, government agencies, courts, or similar bodies to enforce contracts that are economically advantageous to AES and less beneficial to government or private party counterparties, against those counterparties; • inability to obtain access to fair and equitable political, regulatory, administrative, and legal systems; • adverse changes in government tax policy and tax consequences of operating in multiple jurisdictions; • difficulties in enforcing our contractual rights or enforcing judgments or obtaining a favorable result in local jurisdictions; and • inability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Developing projects in less developed economies also entails greater financing risks, and such financing may only be available from multilateral or bilateral international financial institutions or agencies that require governmental guarantees for certain project and sovereign-related risks. There can be no assurance that project financing will be available or that, once secured, will provide similar terms or flexibility as would be expected from a commercial lender. Further, our operations may experience volatility in revenues and operating margin caused by regulatory and economic difficulties, political instability, and currency devaluations, which may increase the uncertainty of cash flows from these businesses. 55 | 2025 Annual Report Any of these factors could have a material, adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our businesses may incur substantial costs and liabilities and be exposed to price volatility as a result of risks associated with the wholesale electricity markets. Some of our businesses sell or buy electricity in the spot markets when they operate at levels that differ from their power sales agreements or retail load obligations or when they do not have any powers sales agreements. Our businesses may also buy electricity in the wholesale spot markets. As a result, we are exposed to the risks of rising and falling prices in those markets. The open market wholesale prices for electricity can be volatile and generally reflect the variable cost of the source generation which could include renewable sources at near zero pricing or thermal sources subject to fluctuating cost of fuels such as coal, natural gas, or oil derivative fuels in addition to other factors described below. Consequently, any changes in the generation supply stack and cost of coal, natural gas, or oil derivative fuels may impact the open market wholesale price of electricity. Volatility in market prices for fuel and electricity may result from, among other things: • plant availability in the markets generally; • availability and effectiveness of transmission facilities owned and operated by third parties; • competition and new entrants; • seasonality, hydrology, and other weather conditions; • illiquid markets; • transmission, transportation constraints, inefficiencies, and/or availability; • renewables source contribution to the supply stack; • increased adoption of distributed generation; • energy efficiency and demand side resources; • available supplies of coal, natural gas, and crude oil and refined products; • generating unit performance; • natural disasters, terrorism, wars, embargoes, pandemics, and other catastrophic events; • energy, market and environmental regulation, legislation, and policies; • general economic conditions that impact demand and energy consumption; and • bidding behavior and market bidding rules. Wholesale power prices may experience significant volatility in our markets which could impact our operations and opportunities for future growth. The wholesale prices offered for electricity have been volatile in the markets in which we operate due to a variety of factors, including the increased penetration of renewable generation and energy storage resources, low-priced natural gas, demand side management, new regulations, and market rules. The levelized cost of electricity from new solar and wind generation sources has decreased substantially over the past decade as solar panel costs and wind turbine costs have declined, while wind and solar capacity factors have increased. These renewable resources have no fuel costs and very low operational costs , while only operating during certain periods of time (daylight) or weather conditions (higher winds). This, combined with changes in oil, gas, and coal pricing, has led to increasingly volatile electricity markets across our markets. Changing weather conditions can also directly impact electricity supply, demand, and generations sources, leading to price volatility . Volatility in wholesale prices could have a material adverse impact on the financial performance of our existing generation assets to the extent they currently sell or buy power into the spot market to serve our contracts or will seek to sell power into the spot market once our contracts expire. 56 | 2025 Annual Report Further, the Chinese market has driven global materials demand and pricing for commodities, many of which are produced in our key electricity markets in South America. Volatility in economic growth in China could result in lower economic growth and lower demand for electricity in our key markets. We may not have adequate risk mitigation or insurance coverage for liabilities. Power generation, distribution and transmission involves hazardous activities. We may become exposed to significant liabilities for which we may not have adequate risk mitigation and/or insurance coverage. Furthermore, through AGIC, AES’ captive insurance company, we take certain insurance risk on our businesses. We maintain an amount of insurance protection that we believe is customary, but there can be no assurance it will be sufficient or effective in light of all circumstances, hazards, or liabilities to which we may be subject. Our insurance does not cover every potential risk associated with our operations. Adequate coverage at reasonable rates is not always obtainable. In particular, the availability of insurance for coal-fired generation assets has decreased as certain insurers have opted to discontinue or limit offering insurance for such assets. Certain insurers have also withdrawn from insuring hydroelectric assets. We cannot provide assurance that insurance coverage will continue to be available in the amounts or on terms similar to our current policies. In addition, insurance may not fully cover the liability or the consequences of any business interruptions such as natural catastrophes, equipment failure, or labor dispute. The occurrence of a significant adverse event not adequately covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results or operations, financial condition, and prospects. We may not be able to enter into long-term contracts that reduce volatility in our results. Many of our generation plants conduct business under long-term sales and supply contracts, which helps these businesses to manage risks by reducing the volatility associated with power and input costs and providing a stable revenue and cost structure. In these instances, we rely on power sales contracts with one or a limited number of customers for the majority of, and in some cases all of, the relevant plant's output and revenues over the term of the power sales contract. The remaining terms of the power sales contracts of our generation plants range from one to more than 20 years. In many cases, we also limit our exposure to fluctuations in fuel prices by entering into long-term contracts for fuel with a limited number of suppliers. In these instances, the cash flows and results of operations are dependent on the continued ability of customers and suppliers to meet their obligations under the relevant power sales contract or fuel supply contract, respectively. Some of our long-term power sales agreements are at prices above current spot market prices and some of our long-term fuel supply contracts are at prices below current market prices. The loss of significant power sales contracts or fuel supply contracts, or the failure by any of the parties to such contracts that prevents us from fulfilling our obligations thereunder, could adversely impact our strategy by resulting in costs that exceed revenue, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, depending on market conditions and regulatory regimes, it may be difficult for us to secure long-term contracts, either where our current contracts are expiring or for new development projects. The inability to enter into long-term contracts could require many of our businesses to purchase inputs at market prices and sell electricity into spot markets, which may not be favorable. We have sought to reduce counterparty credit risk under our long-term contracts by entering into power sales contracts with utilities or other customers of strong credit quality and by obtaining guarantees from certain sovereign governments of the customer's obligations; however, many of our customers do not have or have not maintained, investment-grade credit ratings. Our generation businesses cannot always obtain government guarantees and if they do, the government may not have an investment grade credit rating. We have also located our plants in different geographic areas in order to mitigate the effects of regional economic downturns; however, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be effective. Our acquisitions may not perform as expected. Acquisitions have been a significant part of our growth strategy historically and more recently as we grow our renewables business. Although acquired businesses may have significant operating histories, we may have limited or no history of owning and operating certain of these businesses, and possibly limited or no experience operating in the country or region where these businesses are located. We also may encounter challenges in integrating and realizing the expected benefits of these acquisitions as well as integration or other one-time costs that are greater than expected. Such businesses may not generate sufficient cash flow to support the indebtedness incurred to acquire them or the capital expenditures needed to develop them; and the rate of return from such businesses may not justify our investment of capital to acquire them. In addition, some of these businesses may have been government owned and some may be operated as part of a larger integrated utility prior to their acquisition. If we 57 | 2025 Annual Report were to acquire any of these types of businesses, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in transitioning them to private ownership or that we will not incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities. Competition is increasing and could adversely affect us. The power production markets in which we operate are characterized by numerous strong and capable competitors, many of whom may have extensive and diversified developmental or operating experience (including both domestic and international) and financial resources similar to, or greater than, ours. Further, in recent years, the power production industry has been characterized by strong and increasing competition with respect to both obtaining power sales agreements and acquiring existing power generation assets. In certain markets, these factors have caused reductions in prices contained in new power sales agreements and, in many cases, have caused higher acquisition prices for existing assets through competitive bidding practices. The evolution of competitive electricity markets and the development of highly efficient gas-fired power plants and renewables such as wind and solar have also caused, and could continue to cause, price pressure in certain power markets where we sell or intend to sell power. In addition, the introduction of low-cost disruptive technologies or the entry of non-traditional competitors into our sector and markets could adversely affect our ability to compete, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, operating results, and financial condition. Supplier and/or customer concentration may expose us to significant financial credit or performance risks. We often rely on a single contracted supplier or a small number of suppliers for the provision of fuel, transportation of fuel and other services required for the operation of some of our facilities. If these suppliers cannot perform, we would seek to meet our fuel requirements by purchasing fuel at market prices, exposing us to market price volatility and the risk that fuel and transportation may not be available during certain periods at any price, which could adversely impact the profitability of the affected business and our results of operations, and could result in a breach of agreements with other counterparties, including, without limitation, offtakers or lenders. The financial performance of our facilities is dependent on the credit quality of, and continued performance by, suppliers and customers. At times, we rely on a single customer or a few customers to purchase all or a significant portion of a facility's output, in some cases under long-term agreements that account for a substantial percentage of the anticipated revenue from a given facility. Counterparties to these agreements may breach or may be unable to perform their obligations, due to bankruptcy, insolvency, financial distress or other factors. Furthermore, in the event of a bankruptcy or similar insolvency-type proceeding, our counterparty can seek to reject our existing PPA under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or similar bankruptcy laws, including those in Puerto Rico. We may not be able to enter into replacement agreements on terms as favorable as our existing agreements, and may have to sell power at market prices. A counterparty's breach of a PPA or other agreement could also result in the breach of other agreements, including the affected businesses' debt agreements. Any failure of a supplier or customer to fulfill its contractual obligations could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. We may incur significant expenditures to adapt our businesses to technological changes. Emerging technologies may be superior to, or may not be compatible with, some of our existing technologies, investments and infrastructure, and may require us to make significant expenditures to remain competitive, or may result in the obsolescence of certain of our operating assets. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services and products that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards. Technological changes that could impact our businesses include: • technologies that change the utilization of electric generation, transmission and distribution assets, including the expanded cost-effective utilization of distributed generation (e.g., rooftop solar and community solar projects), and energy storage technology; • advances in distributed and local power generation and energy storage that reduce demand for large-scale renewable electricity generation or impact our customers’ performance of long-term agreements; and • more cost-effective batteries for energy storage, advances in solar or wind techno

=== AES_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully the following updates to risk factors, along with the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A.— Risk Factors of our 2025 Form 10-K and other information contained in or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-Q. Additional risks and uncertainties also may adversely affect our business and operations, including those discussed in Item 2.— Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-Q. The Risk Factors section in our 2025 Form 10-K otherwise remains current in all material respects. We routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. If any of the following events actually occur, our business, financial results, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to the Proposed Merger There is no assurance when or if the Merger will be completed. If our proposed Merger does not close, or is delayed, we may experience financial and operational disruptions. In addition, our stock price may decline if the Merger is perceived as uncertain to close. On March 1, 2026, AES entered into the Merger Agreement, by and among the Company, Parent, and Merger Sub. The closing of the Merger is subject to various closing conditions, many of which are not within our full control, including: (1) approval of the shareholders of AES; (2) receipt of all required regulatory approvals without the imposition of a Burdensome Condition, as defined in the Merger Agreement; (3) absence of any law or order prohibiting the consummation of the Merger; (4) subject to materiality qualifiers, the accuracy of each party’s representations and warranties; (5) each party’s compliance in all material respects with its obligations and covenants under the Merger Agreement; and (6) the absence of a material adverse effect with respect to the Company. The Merger is currently expected to close in late 2026 or early 2027, subject to satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted by law) of all closing conditions. However, we may be unable to obtain and satisfy, or experience delays in obtaining and satisfying, required regulatory approvals and other closing conditions. In addition, both we and the Parent may terminate the Merger Agreement for reasons specified therein. The announcement and pendency of the Merger could adversely affect our business and stock price, including if the Merger does not close or is delayed, for reasons including the following: • Uncertainty about the effect of the Merger may impair our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key personnel, and could cause customers, suppliers, partners, lenders, and others to seek to change existing business relationships with us; • The Merger Agreement also requires the Company to obtain Parent’s consent prior to taking certain specified actions, including acquisitions and disposals above certain thresholds, the incurrence of additional debt, subject to certain exceptions, and from taking other specified actions while the Merger is pending. These restrictions may prevent the Company from pursuing otherwise attractive business opportunities or making other changes to its business prior to the completion of the Merger; • We have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs, expenses, and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the Merger. Many of the fees and costs will be payable by us even if the Merger is not completed. In addition, we may be required to pay a termination fee of approximately $321 million to Parent if the Merger Agreement is terminated by us for certain specified reasons; and 75 | The AES Corporation | March 31, 2026 Form 10-Q • The Merger may not occur on the expected timeline if there are delays in receiving required regulatory approvals or other reasons. We cannot provide any assurance that all of the required approvals will be obtained or that the approvals will not be conditioned on terms, conditions or restrictions that would be detrimental to the combined company after the completion of the proposed Merger. Any delay or inability to close the Merger may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. The Merger Agreement also contains certain termination rights for both AES and Parent, including if the Merger is not consummated by June 1, 2027 (subject to extension for an additional two successive three-month periods if all of the conditions to closing, other than the conditions related to obtaining regulatory approvals, have been satisfied). We may be the target of securities class action and derivative lawsuits arising out of the proposed Merger, which could result in substantial costs and may delay or prevent the proposed Merger or otherwise negatively affect our business and operations. Securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against companies that have entered into a merger agreement. Even if these lawsuits are without merit, defending against these claims can result in substantial costs to the parties to the merger agreement and divert management time and resources. Additionally, if a plaintiff is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting the completion of a merger, that injunction may delay or prevent such merger from being completed. If the Merger is not consummated for any reason, litigation could be filed in connection with the failure to consummate the Merger. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table provides information relating to our purchases of AES Common Stock during the first quarter of fiscal year 2026: Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) January 1 — January 31 — $ — — $ 264,000,000 February 1 — February 28 — — — 264,000,000 March 1 — March 31 — — — 264,000,000 Total — $ — — $ 264,000,000 _______________________________ (1) On July 7, 2010, The AES Corporation announced that its Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase program under which the Company may purchase up to $500 million of shares of its outstanding common stock, depending on cash availability, market conditions, and other factors. The original authorization was set to expire on December 31, 2010, however, in December 2010, the Board authorized an extension of the stock repurchase program. The current program does not have a predetermined expiration date. Repurchases under this program may be made using a variety of methods, which may include open market repurchases, purchases by contract (including, without limitation, accelerated stock repurchase programs or 10b5-1 plans), and/or privately negotiated transactions. No repurchases were made under this program during the first quarter of 2026. As of March 31, 2026, $264 million remained available for purchase under this authorization. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION Trading Arrangements None of the Company’s directors or “officers,” as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act, adopted, modified, or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K, during the Company’s fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2026. 76 | The AES Corporation | March 31, 2026 Form 10-Q ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 2 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among The AES Corporation, Horizon Parent, L.P. and Horizon Merger Sub, Inc., dated as of March 1, 2026 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2 . 1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on March 2 , 2026. 4.1 Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture, dated Marc