=== VZ_2026-02-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 19 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The principal market for trading in the common stock of the Company is the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "VZ." As of December 31, 2025, there were 374,977 shareholders of record. In addition, a significant number of holders of the Company's common stock are "street name" or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. Stock Repurchases On January 30, 2026, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a share repurchase program for up to $25 billion of our common stock. The program will terminate when the aggregate consideration paid to purchase shares of our common stock reaches $25 billion, exclusive of any fees, commissions or other expenses, or a new share repurchase plan superseding the current plan is authorized, whichever is sooner. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated transactions, on the open market, or otherwise, including through plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 or Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act. The timing and number of shares purchased under the program, if any, will depend on prevailing stock prices, general economic and market conditions, and other considerations. The share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at our discretion. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, Verizon did not repurchase any shares of the Company's common stock under our share buyback program which was authorized by the Board in February 2020. At December 31, 2025, the maximum number of shares that could be purchased by or on behalf of Verizon under our share buyback program was 100 million. The share buyback program authorized by the Board in February 2020 terminated upon the authorization of the new share repurchase program on January 30, 2026. Stock Performance Graph 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 Verizon $ 100.0 $ 99.9 $ 92.4 $ 73.9 $ 75.9 $ 93.6 S P 500 100.0 118.4 152.3 124.7 157.5 196.0 S P 500 Communication Services 100.0 123.6 150.3 90.3 140.8 213.3 The graph compares the cumulative total returns of Verizon, the S P 500 Stock Index and the S P 500 Communication Services Index over a five-year period. It assumes $100 was invested on December 31, 2020 with dividends being reinvested. Item 6. [Reserved] 20 Table of Contents Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview Verizon Communications Inc. is a holding company that, acting through its subsidiaries, is one of the world s leading providers of communications, technology, information and streaming products and services to consumers, businesses and government entities. With a presence around the world, we offer data, video and voice services and solutions on our networks and platforms that are designed to meet customers demand for mobility, reliable network connectivity and security. To compete effectively in today s dynamic marketplace, we are focused on delivering what customers want and need in the digital world by offering innovative products and services, delivering excellent customer experience, and leveraging the capabilities of our high-performing networks. Highlights of Our 2025 Financial Results (dollars in millions) 21 Table of Contents Business Overview We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Consumer and Business. Revenue by Segment Note: Excludes eliminations. Verizon Consumer Group Our Consumer segment provides consumer-focused wireless and wireline communications services and products. Our wireless services are provided across one of the most extensive wireless networks in the U.S. under the Verizon family of brands and through wholesale and other arrangements. As of the date this report is being filed, our wireline services are provided in 31 U.S. states and Washington D.C. over our 100% fiber-optic network through our fiber product portfolio, as well as over a traditional copper-based network. We also provide FWA broadband through our 5G or 4G LTE networks as an alternative to traditional landline internet access. Customers can obtain our wireless services on a postpaid or prepaid basis. Our postpaid service is generally billed one month in advance for a monthly access charge in return for access to and usage of network services. Our prepaid service is offered only to Consumer customers and enables individuals to obtain wireless services without credit verification by paying for all services in advance. The Consumer segment also offers several categories of wireless equipment to customers, including a variety of smartphones and other handsets, wireless-enabled internet devices, such as tablets, and other wireless-enabled connected devices, such as smart watches. In addition to wireless services and equipment for retail customers, the Consumer segment sells residential fixed connectivity solutions, including internet, video and voice services, and wireless network access to resellers on a wholesale basis. The Consumer segment's operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025 totaled $106.8 billion, an increase of $3.9 billion, or 3.8%, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. See "Segment Results of Operations" for additional information regarding our Consumer segment s operating performance and selected operating statistics. Verizon Business Group Our Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including mobility communication services, FWA and wireline broadband, IoT connectivity solutions, advanced communication services, corporate networking solutions, local and long distance voice services, and security and managed network services. We provide these products and services to businesses, public sector customers and wireless and wireline carriers across the U.S. and a subset of these products and services to customers around the world. The Business segment's operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025 totaled $29.1 billion, a decrease of $462 million, or 1.6%, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. See "Segment Results of Operations" for additional information regarding our Business segment's operating performance and selected operating statistics. Corporate and Other Corporate and other primarily includes device insurance programs, investments in unconsolidated businesses and development stage businesses that support our strategic initiatives, as well as unallocated corporate expenses, certain pension and other employee benefit related costs and interest and financing expenses. Corporate and other also includes the historical results of divested businesses and other adjustments and gains and losses that are not allocated or used in assessing segment performance due to their nature. Although such transactions are excluded from the business segment results, they are included in reported consolidated earnings. Gains and losses from these transactions that are not individually significant are included in 22 Table of Contents segment results and therefore are included in the chief operating decision maker's assessment of segment performance. See "Consolidated Results of Operations" for additional information regarding Corporate and other results. Capital Expenditures and Investments Our strategy requires significant capital investments primarily to acquire wireless spectrum, put the spectrum into service, provide additional capacity for growth in our networks, invest in fiber, evolve and maintain our networks and develop and maintain significant advanced information technology systems and data system capabilities. During the year ended December 31, 2025, these investments included $17.0 billion for capital expenditures. See "Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities" and "Liquidity and Capital Resources" for additional information. Global Networks and Technology We design, build and operate networks to provide connectivity and related services meeting the needs of our diverse customers: consumers, businesses, government organizations, first responders, and educational institutions. We have a portfolio of spectrum holdings, including C-Band and millimeter wave spectrum, and are constantly transforming our networks by leveraging innovation and new technologies to deliver improved network performance and efficiency. Our networks leverage advanced technologies, including 5G wireless, fiber-based transport, cloud infrastructures, AI and automation, private networks and IP routing solutions. We are using the benefits of cloud computing and storage to virtualize aspects of our network infrastructure. We are densifying our networks by utilizing macro and small cell technology, in-building solutions and distributed antenna systems to increase coverage, improve quality of service and add capacity to accommodate an increasing number of users. Recent Developments Frontier On January 20, 2026, we completed the acquisition of Frontier, a U.S. provider of broadband internet and other communication services. This transaction expanded our fiber broadband footprint to 31 U.S. states and Washington D.C., and provides opportunities for future growth. Starry On January 30, 2026, we completed the acquisition of Starry, a fixed wireless broadband provider serving multi-dwelling units in five markets across the U.S. This transaction is expected to provide additional FWA capabilities and enhance our ability to deliver high-speed internet to multi-dwelling units and urban communities. Consolidated Results of Operations In this section, we discuss our overall results of operations and highlight special items that are not included in our segment results. In "Segment Results of Operations," we review the performance of our two reportable segments in more detail. During the first quarter of 2025, Verizon reclassified recurring device protection and insurance related plan revenues from Other revenue into Wireless service revenue. In addition, beginning in the first quarter of 2025, Verizon no longer counts the impacts of the second number offering in calculating certain phone metrics, including wireless retail postpaid phone net additions and wireless retail postpaid phone churn. We have reclassified certain prior year amounts to conform to the current year presentation. A discussion of the 2023 results of the Consumer and Business segments affected by these changes and related year-over-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023 have been included in "Segment Results of Operations" below. A discussion of the 2023 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023 for all other items that are not included in this Annual Report can be found in the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Consolidated Operating Revenues (dollars in millions) Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Increase/(Decrease) Consumer $ 106,807 $ 102,904 $ 3,903 3.8 % Business 29,069 29,531 (462) (1.6) Corporate and other 2,642 2,609 33 1.3 Eliminations (327) (256) (71) 27.7 Consolidated Operating Revenues $ 138,191 $ 134,788 $ 3,403 2.5 Consolidated operating revenues increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to revenue increases in our Consumer segment, partially offset by revenue decreases in our Business segment. 23 Table of Contents Revenues for our segments are discussed separately below under the heading "Segment Results of Operations." Consolidated Operating Expenses (dollars in millions) Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Increase/(Decrease) Cost of services $ 27,789 $ 27,997 $ (208) (0.7) % Cost of wireless equipment 28,976 26,100 2,876 11.0 Selling, general and administrative expense 33,818 34,113 (295) (0.9) Depreciation and amortization expense 18,349 17,892 457 2.6 Consolidated Operating Expenses $ 108,932 $ 106,102 $ 2,830 2.7 Operating expenses for our segments are discussed separately below under the heading "Segment Results of Operations." Cost of Services Cost of services includes the following costs directly attributable to a service: salaries and wages, benefits, materials and supplies, content costs, contracted services, network access and transport costs, customer provisioning costs, computer systems support and costs to support our outsourcing contracts and technical facilities. Aggregate customer service costs, which include billing and service provisioning, are allocated between Cost of services and Selling, general and administrative expense. Cost of services decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily as a result of: a decrease of $222 million in personnel costs due to prior year workforce reductions; a decrease of $169 million in access costs primarily related to changes in pricing and circuit usage; a decrease of $105 million related to device protection offerings; a decrease of $91 million in other direct costs primarily related to legacy wireline products and services; an increase of $198 million in regulatory fees primarily related to growth in our Federal Universal Service Fund (FUSF) assessable revenue base in addition to a higher net rate; and an increase of $145 million in rent and lease expense primarily related to the tower transaction with Vertical Bridge REIT, LLC (Vertical Bridge) along with new leases and lease modifications related to the continued deployment of the C-Band spectrum. Cost of Wireless Equipment Cost of wireless equipment increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to: an increase of $1.7 billion driven by a higher volume of wireless devices sold primarily related to an increase of 12% in upgrades; and an increase of $1.2 billion due to a shift to higher priced equipment in the mix of wireless devices sold. Selling, General and Administrative Expense Selling, general and administrative expense includes salaries and wages and benefits not directly attributable to a service or product, the provision for credit losses, taxes other than income taxes, advertising and sales commission costs, call center and information technology costs, regulatory fees, professional service fees, rent and utilities for administrative space and device insurance program costs. Also included is a portion of the aggregate customer care costs as discussed above in "Cost of Services." Selling, general and administrative expense decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily as a result of: a decrease of $241 million related to lower costs for device insurance programs primarily due to a decrease in claims; a decrease of $150 million in advertising costs; a decrease of $115 million in personnel costs primarily related to the impact of prior year workforce reductions partially offset by an increase in sales commission expense due to higher volumes; and an increase of $193 million r elated to an increase in asset and business rationalization charges in 2025 compared to 2024. See "Special Items" for additional information on the asset and business rationalization charges. Depreciation and Amortization Expense Depreciation and amortization expense increased during 2025 compared to 2024, primarily due to the change in the mix of net depreciable and amortizable assets and the continued deployment of C-Band network assets. 24 Table of Contents Other Consolidated Results Other Income (Expense), Net Additional information relating to Other income (expense), net is as follows: (dollars in millions) Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Increase/(Decrease) Interest income $ 329 $ 336 $ (7) (2.1) % Other components of net periodic benefit income (cost) (827) 300 (1,127) nm Net debt extinguishment gains 368 385 (17) (4.4) Other, net 237 (26) 263 nm Other Income (Expense), Net $ 107 $ 995 $ (888) (89.2) nm - not meaningful Other income (expense), net reflects certain items not directly related to our core operations, including interest income, debt extinguishment gains, components of net periodic pension and postretirement benefit income and cost and certain foreign exchange gains and losses. Other income (expense), net decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to a net pension and postretirement benefits remeasurement loss of $453 million recorded during 2025, compared with a gain of $657 million recorded during 2024. The decrease was partially offset by an increase resulting from fair market value adjustments on certain investments. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the other components of net periodic benefit income (cost). Interest Expense (dollars in millions) Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Increase/(Decrease) Total interest costs on debt balances $ 7,434 $ 7,612 $ (178) (2.3) % Less capitalized interest costs 740 963 (223) (23.2) Interest Expense $ 6,694 $ 6,649 $ 45 0.7 Average debt outstanding (1)(3) $ 147,406 $ 150,361 Effective interest rate (2)(3) 5.0 % 5.1 % (1) The average debt outstanding is a financial measure and is calculated by applying a simple average of prior thirteen-month end balances of total short-term and long-term debt, net of discounts, premiums and unamortized debt issuance costs. (2) The effective interest rate is the rate of actual interest incurred on debt. It is calculated by dividing the annualized total interest costs on debt balances by the average debt outstanding. (3) We believe that this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating our debt financing cost and trends in our debt leverage management. Total interest expense increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily as a result of a decrease in capitalized interest due to additional C-Band spectrum licenses being placed into service, partially offset by a decrease in interest costs due to lower average debt balances and a lower interest rate. Provision for Income Taxes (dollars in millions) Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Increase Provision for income taxes $ 5,064 $ 5,030 $ 34 0.7 % Effective income tax rate 22.3 % 21.9 % The effective income tax rate is calculated by dividing the provision for income taxes by income before the provision for income taxes. The increase in the effective income tax rate and provision for income taxes was primarily due to higher tax benefits resulting from the favorable resolution of various income tax matters and a reduction in deferred income taxes due to changes in state apportionment during the prior period. A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the effective income tax rate for each period is included in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. 25 Table of Contents Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA Consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense (Consolidated EBITDA) and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, which are presented below, are non-GAAP financial measures that we believe are useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating operating profitability on a more variable cost basis as they exclude the depreciation and amortization expense related primarily to capital expenditures and acquisitions that occurred in prior years, as well as in evaluating operating performance in relation to Verizon s competitors. Consolidated EBITDA is calculated by adding back interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization expense to net income. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is calculated by excluding from Consolidated EBITDA the effect of the following non-operational items: equity in earnings and losses of unconsolidated businesses and other income and expense, net, as well as the effect of certain special items. We believe that this measure is useful to management, investors and other users of our financial information in evaluating the effectiveness of our operations and underlying business trends. We believe that Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is widely used by investors to compare a company s operating performance to its competitors by minimizing impacts caused by differences in capital structure, taxes, and depreciation and amortization policies. Further, the exclusion of non-operational items and special items enables comparability to prior period performance and trend analysis. See "Special Items" for additional information. It is management s intent to provide non-GAAP financial information to enhance the understanding of Verizon s GAAP financial information, and it should be considered by the reader in addition to, but not instead of, the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Each non-GAAP financial measure is presented along with the corresponding GAAP measure so as not to imply that more emphasis should be placed on the non-GAAP measure. We believe that providing these non-GAAP measures in addition to the GAAP measures allows management, investors and other users of our financial information to more fully and accurately assess both consolidated and segment performance. The non-GAAP financial information presented may be determined or calculated differently by other companies and may not be directly comparable to that of other companies. (dollars in millions) Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Consolidated Net Income $ 17,608 $ 17,949 Add: Provision for income taxes 5,064 5,030 Interest expense (1) 6,694 6,649 Depreciation and amortization expense (2) 18,349 17,892 Consolidated EBITDA $ 47,715 $ 47,520 Add (Less): Other income, net (3) $ (107) $ (995) Equity in losses of unconsolidated businesses 53 Severance charges 1,715 1,733 Asset and business rationalization 583 374 Acquisition and integration related charges 91 Legacy legal matter 106 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA $ 49,997 $ 48,791 (1) The result for the year ended December 31, 2025 includes a portion of the Acquisition and integration related charges. See "Special Items" for additional information. (2) Includes Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, which were $760 million and $817 million during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. (3) Includes Pension and benefits mark-to-market charges of $441 million during the year ended December 31, 2025 and credits of $532 million during the year ended December 31, 2024. See "Special Items" for additional information. The changes in Consolidated Net Income, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA in the table above during 2025 compared to 2024 were primarily a result of the factors described above in connection with consolidated operating revenues and consolidated operating expenses. Segment Results of Operations We have two reportable segments that we operate and manage as strategic business units - Consumer and Business. We measure and evaluate our segments based on segment operating income. The use of segment operating income is consistent with the chief operating decision maker s assessment of segment performance. To aid in the understanding of segment performance as it relates to segment operating income, management uses the following operating statistics to evaluate the overall effectiveness of our segments. We believe these operating statistics are useful to investors and other users of our financial information because they provide additional insight into drivers of our segments 26 Table of Contents operating results, key trends and performance relative to our peers. These operating statistics may be determined or calculated differently by other companies and may not be directly comparable to those statistics of other companies. Wireless retail connections are retail customer device postpaid and prepaid connections as of the end of the period. Retail connections under an account may include those from smartphones and basic phones (collectively, phones), postpaid and prepaid FWA, as well as tablets and other internet devices, wearables and retail IoT devices. Wireless retail connections are calculated by adding total retail postpaid and prepaid new connections in the period to prior period retail connections, and subtracting total retail postpaid and prepaid disconnects in the period. Wireless retail postpaid connections are retail postpaid customer device connections as of the end of the period. Retail postpaid connections under an account may include those from phones, postpaid FWA, as well as tablets and other internet devices, wearables and retail IoT devices. Wireless retail postpaid connections are calculated by adding retail postpaid new connections in the period to prior period retail postpaid connections, and subtracting retail postpaid disconnects in the period. Wireless retail prepaid connections are retail prepaid customer device connections as of the end of the period. Retail prepaid connections may include those from phones, prepaid FWA, as well as tablets and other internet devices, and wearables. Wireless retail prepaid connections are calculated by adding retail prepaid new connections in the period to prior period retail prepaid connections, and subtracting retail prepaid disconnects in the period. Fios internet connections are the total number of connections to the internet using Fios internet services as of the end of the period. Fios internet connections are calculated by adding Fios internet new connections in the period to prior period Fios internet connections, and subtracting Fios internet disconnects in the period. Fios video connections are the total number of connections to traditional linear video programming using Fios video services as of the end of the period. Fios video connections are calculated by adding Fios video net additions in the period to prior period Fios video connections. Fios video net additions are calculated by subtracting the Fios video disconnects from the Fios video new connections. Total broadband connections are the total number of connections to the internet using Fios internet services, Digital Subscriber Line (DSL), and postpaid, prepaid and IoT FWA as of the end of the period. Total broadband connections are calculated by adding total broadband connections, net additions in the period to prior period total broadband connections. FWA broadband connections are the total number of postpaid and prepaid connections to the internet through our 5G or 4G LTE wireless networks as of the end of the period. FWA broadband connections are calculated by adding FWA broadband connections, net additions in the period to prior period FWA broadband connections. Wireline broadband connections are the total number of connections to the internet using DSL and Fios internet services as of the end of the period. Wireline broadband connections are calculated by adding wireline broadband connections, net additions in the period to prior period wireline broadband connections. Wireless retail connections, net addition s are the total number of additional retail customer device postpaid and prepaid connections, less the number of device disconnects in the period. Wireless retail connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the total retail postpaid and prepaid disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the total retail postpaid and prepaid new connections in the period. Wireless retail postpaid connections, net additions are the total number of additional retail customer device postpaid connections, less the number of device disconnects in the period. Wireless retail postpaid connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the retail postpaid disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the retail postpaid new connections in the period. Wireless retail prepaid connections, net additions are the total number of additional retail customer device prepaid connections, less the number of device disconnects in the period. Wireless retail prepaid connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the retail prepaid disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the retail prepaid new connections in the period. Wireless retail postpaid phone connections, net additions are the total number of additional retail customer postpaid phone connections, less the number of phone disconnects in the period. Wireless retail postpaid phone connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the retail postpaid phone disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the retail postpaid phone new connections in the period. Total broadband connections, net additions are the total number of additional total broadband connections, less the number of total broadband disconnects in the period. Total broadband connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the total broadband disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the total broadband new connections in the period. FWA broadband connections, net additions are the total number of additional FWA broadband connections, less the number of FWA broadband disconnects in the period. FWA broadband connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated 27 Table of Contents by subtracting the FWA broadband disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the FWA broadband new connections in the period. Wireline broadband connections, net additions are the total number of additional wireline broadband connections, less the number of wireline broadband disconnects in the period. Wireline broadband connections, net additions in each period presented are calculated by subtracting the wireline broadband disconnects, net of certain adjustments, from the wirel