. These risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results for the year 2025 and beyond to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement we make. Any projections of growth in our revenues would not necessarily result in commensurate levels of earnings. Our future financial performance is dependent upon factors discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K and our other SEC filings. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. 5 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS W. R. Berkley Corporation is an insurance holding company that is among the largest commercial lines writers in the United States and operates worldwide in two segments of the property casualty insurance business: • Insurance - Our Insurance businesses underwrite predominantly commercial insurance business, including excess and surplus lines, admitted lines and specialty personal lines throughout the United States, as well as insurance business in Asia, Australia, Canada, Continental Europe, Mexico, Scandinavia, South America and the United Kingdom. • Reinsurance & Monoline Excess - Our Reinsurance businesses provide facultative and treaty reinsurance in the United States, the Asia Pacific region, Australia, Continental Europe, South Africa and the United Kingdom, as well as operations that solely retain risk on an excess basis and certain program management business. Our two reporting segments are each composed of individual businesses that serve a market defined by geography, products, services or industry served. Each of our businesses is positioned close to its customer base and participates in a niche market requiring specialized knowledge. This strategy of decentralized operations allows each of our businesses to identify and respond quickly and effectively to changing market conditions and specific customer needs, while capitalizing on the benefits of centralized capital, investment and reinsurance management, and corporate actuarial, financial, enterprise risk management and compliance support. Our business approach is focused on meeting the needs of our customers, maintaining a high quality balance sheet, and allocating capital to our best opportunities. New businesses are started when opportunities are identified and when the right talent and expertise are found to lead a business. Of our 58 businesses, 51 have been organized and developed internally and seven have been added through acquisition. Net premiums written, as reported based on United States generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), for each of our reporting segments for each of the past three years were as follows: Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Net premiums written: Insurance $ 10,549,550 $ 9,560,533 $ 8,609,028 Reinsurance & Monoline Excess 1,422,546 1,393,934 1,395,042 Total $ 11,972,096 $ 10,954,467 $ 10,004,070 Percentage of net premiums written: Insurance 88.1 % 87.3 % 86.1 % Reinsurance & Monoline Excess 11.9 12.7 13.9 Total 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % Thirty-three of our insurance company subsidiaries are rated by A.M. Best Company, Inc. ("A.M. Best") and have financial strength ratings of A+ (Superior) (the second highest rating out of 15 possible ratings). A.M. Best's ratings are based upon factors of concern to policyholders, insurance agents and brokers and are not directed toward the protection of investors. A.M. Best states: “A Best's Financial Strength Rating (FSR) is an independent opinion of an insurer's financial strength and ability to meet its ongoing insurance policy and contract obligations. An FSR is not assigned to specific insurance policies or contracts and does not address any other risk.” A.M. Best reviews its ratings on a periodic basis, and its ratings of the Company's subsidiaries are therefore subject to change. Our twenty-three insurance company subsidiaries rated by Standard & Poor's (“S&P”) have financial strength ratings of A + (the fifth highest rating out of twenty-seven possible ratings). Our Moody's financial strength ratings are A1 for Berkley Insurance Company, Berkley Regional Insurance Company and Admiral Insurance Company (the fifth highest rating out of twenty-one possible ratings). Our twenty-five insurance company subsidiaries rated by Fitch Ratings ("Fitch") have insurer financial strength ratings of AA- (the fourth highest rating out of twenty-seven possible ratings). 6 The following sections describe our reporting segments and their businesses in greater detail. These businesses underwrite on behalf of one or more affiliated insurance companies within the group. The businesses are identified for descriptive purposes only and are not legal entities, but for marketing purposes may sometimes be referred to individually as "a Berkley company" or collectively as "Berkley companies." Unless otherwise indicated, all references in this Form 10-K to “Berkley,” “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company” or similar terms refer to W. R. Berkley Corporation together with its subsidiaries and businesses. W. R. Berkley Corporation is a Delaware corporation formed in 1970. Insurance Our Insurance businesses underwrite predominantly commercial and specialty personal lines insurance business primarily throughout the United States. Many units offer coverage globally, while others specialize in specific international markets. The Insurance businesses focus on the following general areas: Excess & Surplus Lines : A number of our businesses are dedicated to the U.S. excess and surplus lines market. They serve a diverse group of customers that often have complex risk or unique exposures that typically fall outside the underwriting guidelines of the standard insurance market. Lines of business underwritten by our excess and surplus lines businesses include premises operations, auto, property, products liability, general liability and professional liability lines. Products are generally distributed through wholesale agents and brokers. Industry Specialty : Certain other businesses focus on providing specialty coverages to customers within a particular industry that are best served by underwriters and claims professionals with specialized knowledge of that industry. They offer multiple lines of business with policies tailored to address the unique exposures of these industries, often with the flexibility of providing coverages on either an admitted or a non-admitted basis in the U.S., as well as internationally. Each business delivers its products through one or more distribution channels, including retail and wholesale agents, brokers, and managing general agents (MGAs), depending on the customer and the particular risks insured. Product Specialty : Other businesses specialize in providing specific lines of insurance coverage, such as workers’ compensation or professional liability, to a wide range of customers. They offer insurance products, analytical tools and risk management services such as loss control and claims management that enable clients to manage their risk appropriately. Business is typically written on an admitted basis, although some businesses may offer non-admitted products in the U.S. and offer products internationally. Independent agents and brokers are the primary means of distribution. Regional: Certain businesses offer standard insurance products and services focused on meeting the specific needs of a geographically differentiated customer base. Key clients are small-to-midsized businesses. These regionally focused businesses provide a broad array of commercial insurance products to customers primarily in 45 states and the District of Columbia and have developed expertise in niches that reflect local economies. They are organized geographically in order to provide them with the flexibility to adapt quickly to local market conditions and customer needs. In addition, through our non-U.S. insurance businesses, we have the capability to write business in 87 countries worldwide, with branches or offices in 40 cities outside the United States, in Asia, Australia, Canada, Continental Europe, Mexico, Scandinavia, South America and the United Kingdom. In each geographic region in which we operate, we have built decentralized structures that allow products and services to be tailored to each regional customer base. Our businesses are managed by teams of professionals with expertise in local markets and knowledge of regional environments. In addition to providing insurance products, certain businesses also provide a wide variety of fee-based services, including claims, administrative and consulting services. Businesses comprising the Insurance segment are as follows: Acadia Insurance is a Northeast regional property casualty underwriter offering a broad portfolio of products exclusively through local independent agents in Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Rhode Island and Vermont. In addition to its general offerings, Acadia has specialized expertise in insuring regional industries such as construction, service contractors, lumber, and transportation. Admiral Insurance provides excess and surplus lines coverage for commercial risks that generally consist of hard-to- place, specialized risks that involve moderate to high degrees of hazard. In both general liability and professional lines, Admiral has a broad line of products to meet the needs of existing as well as emerging opportunities. The distribution of products is limited solely to wholesale brokers. Berkley Accident and Health underwrites accident and health insurance and reinsurance products in four primary areas: medical stop loss, managed care, special risk and group captive. It has a diversified product and service portfolio serving a range of clients from small employers, health care organizations, and membership groups to Fortune 500 companies. 7 Berkley Agribusiness offers insurance for larger commercial risks across the United States involved in the supply, storage, handling, processing and distribution of commodities related to the agriculture and food industries. Berkley Alliance Managers offers tailored insurance coverages and comprehensive risk management solutions designed to enhance profitability and reduce susceptibility to loss in four target markets - Design Professionals, Construction Professionals, Accounting Professionals and miscellaneous non-medical Service Professionals. Berkley Aspire provides excess and surplus lines coverage on a national basis to small to medium-sized insureds with low to moderate insurance risk. Its product lines include general liability, excess liability and some property and inland marine coverage. It serves a limited distribution channel, including select agents. Berkley Asset Protection provides specialized insurance coverages for fine arts and jewelry exposures to commercial and individual clients. Berkley Canada underwrites specialty, casualty and surety lines of business on behalf of the Canadian branch of Berkley Insurance Company. It specializes in commercial casualty and professional liability, and offers a broad portfolio of risk products that include commercial general liability, umbrella, professional liability, directors and officers, commercial property and surety, in addition to niche products for specific industries such as technology, life sciences and travel. Berkley Construction Solutions provides excess liability coverage to residential and commercial contractors on a project or practice basis. Berkley Custom Insurance focuses on the excess casualty insurance market and offers umbrella and excess liability coverages to clients from the small/middle market to Fortune 1000 companies in target classes of business including construction, manufacturing, retail/wholesale trade, finance, real estate, public entities and oil & gas. Berkley Cyber Risk Solutions focuses on insurance and risk management products that respond to the changing cyber security vulnerabilities of organizations around the world. It offers specialty commercial cyber insurance coverages on a worldwide basis to clients of all sizes. Berkley Enterprise Risk Solutions provides custom workers' compensation programs to large employers operating in a broad range of industries. Loss sensitive and/or guaranteed cost programs are offered to employers with exposure predominately in California. Berkley Entertainment underwrites property casualty insurance products, both on an admitted and non-admitted basis, for clients in the entertainment industry and sports-related organizations. Berkley Environmental underwrites casualty and specialty environmental products for environmental customers including contractors, consultants, property owners and facilities operators. Berkley Financial Specialists serves the insurance needs of companies predominantly in the financial services sector. Its Berkley Crime division provides crime and fidelity related insurance products for commercial organizations, financial sector businesses and governmental entities on a primary and excess basis. Its Financial Services segment provides management liability and fidelity products to financial institutions, insurance companies and asset management firms. Berkley Fire & Marine offers a broad range of preferred inland marine and related property risks and services to customers throughout the United States. Products are distributed through independent agents and brokers. Berkley Healthcare underwrites customized, comprehensive insurance solutions for the full spectrum of healthcare providers. Through Berkley Healthcare Medical Professional, it offers a wide range of medical professional coverages. Through Berkley Healthcare Financial Lines, it offers a comprehensive suite of financial lines coverages. Berkley Human Services provides property casualty insurance coverages to human services organizations, including nonprofit and for-profit organizations. Its product offerings include traditional primary and excess coverages. Berkley Industrial Comp specializes in writing workers' compensation insurance for diverse high hazard industries in select states. Its products are distributed by a select group of independent retail agents and wholesale brokers. Berkley Insurance Asia underwrites specialty commercial insurance coverages to clients in North Asia and Southeast Asia through offices in Hong Kong, India, Shanghai and Singapore. Berkley Insurance Australia underwrites general insurance business in Australia, including professional indemnity insurance for companies of all sizes. Berkley Latinoamérica provides property, casualty, auto, surety, group life and workers' compensation products and services in Argentina, Brazil, the Caribbean, Colombia, Mexico and Uruguay. 8 Berkley Life Sciences offers a comprehensive spectrum of property casualty products to the life sciences industry on a global basis, including both primary and excess product liability coverages. It serves pharmaceutical and biotech companies, medical device companies, dietary supplement companies, medical and research related software developers, contract research and manufacturing organizations, research institutions and organizations, and other related businesses. Berkley Luxury Group provides both admitted and non-admitted commercial package insurance solutions for premium real estate business including high-end cooperatives and condominiums, office buildings and upscale restaurants across major metropolitan markets throughout the continental U.S. It also offers non-admitted excess property coverage for high-value properties on a shared and layered basis across the U.S. Berkley Management Protection offers a modular suite of management liability products for small and middle market companies through a bespoke and easy to use platform tailored to independent agents. The management liability coverages they provide include directors and officers, employment practices, fiduciary, cyber, crime and miscellaneous professional liability. Berkley Mid-Atlantic Group provides commercial property casualty coverages to a wide variety of businesses in Delaware, the District of Columbia, Maryland, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Virginia. Focusing on small and middle market accounts, it complements its standard writings with specialized products in areas such as construction. Berkley Net Underwriters focuses on small and medium-sized commercial risks, using a web-based system to allow producers to quote, bind and service workers' compensation insurance products on behalf of Berkley member insurance companies. Berkley North Pacific offers preferred insurance products and services to a broad range of small to medium size commercial entities. It operates through independent agents in Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Utah and Washington. Berkley Offshore Underwriting Managers is a specialist global underwriter of energy and marine risks. Its three divisions provide specialty insurance products in the energy upstream, energy liability and marine sectors. Berkley Oil & Gas provides property casualty products and risk services to the United States energy sector. Its customer base includes risks that work in the oil patch, including operators, drillers, geophysical contractors, well-servicing contractors, and manufacturers/distributors of oil field products, as well as those in the renewable energy sector. Berkley One provides a customizable suite of personal lines insurance solutions including home, condo/co-op, auto, fine art and collectibles, liability, collector vehicle and recreational marine. Berkley One targets high net worth individuals and families with sophisticated risk management needs. Berkley Product Protection offers a broad product suite, including product liability and product recall and contamination, to assist clients in the manufacturing, wholesale and import space with their risk management and insurance needs. Berkley Professional Liability specializes in professional liability insurance for publicly-traded and private entities on a worldwide basis. Its liability coverages include directors and officers, errors and omissions, fiduciary, employment practices, and sponsored insurance agents' errors and omissions. Berkley Transactional, a division of Berkley Professional Liability, underwrites a full suite of transactional insurance products, including representations and warranties insurance, and tax opinion insurance. Berkley Public Entity specializes in providing excess coverage and services to individual governmental and scholastic entities and intergovernmental risk sharing groups. Products include general liability, auto liability, law enforcement liability, public officials and educator's legal liability, employment practices liability, incidental medical, property and crime. Berkley Risk provides at-risk and alternative risk insurance program management services for a broad range of groups and individuals including public entity pools, professional associations, and self-insured clients. As a third party administrator, it manages workers’ compensation, liability and property claims nationwide. Berkley Select specializes in underwriting professional liability insurance for law firms and accounting firms, as well as other professional firms and their practices. It also offers executive liability products, including directors and officers liability, employment practices and fiduciary liability, to small to middle market privately held and not-for-profit customers. Berkley Select provides these insurance products on both an admitted and surplus lines basis. Berkley Small Business Solutions offers commercial insurance products for small businesses through a modern technology platform that leverages data and analytics. Its initial product offering focuses on preferred risks in the non-fleet transportation market. Berkley Southeast offers a wide array of commercial lines products in six southeastern states: Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee, specializing in small to mid-sized accounts. 9 Berkley Southwest offers preferred commercial property and casualty insurance products and services to a wide range of small to medium size commercial entities with a focus on the construction, farm/ranch, retail and service industries. It operates through independent agents in Arizona, Arkansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas. Berkley Specialty Excess provides excess and surplus lines coverages for hard-to-place risks involved in moderate to high degrees of hazard. It focuses on highly specialized risk exposures within specific industry verticals such as the environmental and energy industries. Its predominate focus is on providing excess insurance; however, in some cases it provides highly specialized environmental primary products tailored to the individual risk. Products are distributed through a minimal number of insurance brokers and agents that specialize in these industry verticals. Berkley Surety provides a full spectrum of surety bonds for construction, environmental and commercial surety accounts in the U.S. and Canada, through an independent agency and broker platform across seven field locations. Berkley Technology Underwriters provides technology error & omission (TE&O) and first party cyber coverage along with traditional package, umbrella and worker's compensation products. TE&O and cyber products provide industry specialization for both domestic and foreign technology, government contracting, telecommunications, digital media, manufacturing and private equity firms. Carolina Casualty is a national provider of primary commercial insurance products and services to the transportation industry. It underwrites on an admitted basis in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. Its Berkley Prime Transportation business provides primary auto liability, auto physical damage and general liability to a broad array of trucking operations. Continental Western Group is a Midwest regional property and casualty insurance operation providing underwriting and risk management services to a broad array of regional businesses in thirteen Midwest states. In addition to its generalist portfolio, Continental Western offers specialty underwriting solutions for diversified agriculture, construction, light manufacturing, transportation, volunteer fire departments, rural utilities and public entities. Gemini Transportation is a national provider of excess liability insurance for various domestic surface transportation businesses, including the railroad industry as well as the trucking, busing and other industries that use rubber-wheeled vehicles for over-the-road use. Intrepid Direct provides commercial insurance coverages through a direct distribution model focused on the franchise market, with specialties including the restaurant, garage and fitness industries. Key Risk specializes in writing workers' compensation insurance for diverse industries including healthcare, human services, transportation, temporary staffing, professional employer organizations and contractors requiring coverage under the United States Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act (USL&H). Its products are distributed by a select group of independent retail agents and wholesale brokers located throughout the United States. Nautilus Insurance Group insures excess and surplus lines risks for small to medium-sized commercial risks with low to moderate susceptibility to loss. It writes commercial excess and surplus lines business nationwide and admitted lines commercial business in a limited number of states. A substantial portion of Nautilus' business is written through its close, long-standing network of general agents, who are chosen on a highly selective basis. Preferred Employers Insurance focuses exclusively on workers' compensation products and services for businesses based in California. It serves a broad spectrum of industries throughout the state. Vela Insurance Services specializes in commercial casualty insurance on an excess and surplus lines basis. Its primary focus is on general liability insurance for construction, manufacturing and general casualty clients as well as products liability and miscellaneous professional liability coverages distributed through wholesale insurance brokers. Verus Specialty Insurance offers tailored casualty, professional liability, and garage coverages, specializing in the excess and surplus lines market. It primarily serves the construction, manufacturing, garage service and professional sectors through a selective wholesale broker network. W R B Europe is comprised of specialist businesses offering a focused range of insurance products to markets in Continental Europe. W / R / B Underwriting provides a broad range of insurance products to the Lloyd's marketplace, with a concentration in specialist classes of business including property, professional indemnity and financial lines. 10 The following table sets forth the percentage of gross premiums written by each Insurance business: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Acadia Insurance 5.4% 5.4% 5.3% Admiral Insurance 7.3 7.0 6.3 Berkley Accident and Health 5.9 5.4 5.2 Berkley Agribusiness 0.6 0.8 0.8 Berkley Alliance Managers 2.3 2.4 2.8 Berkley Aspire 1.3 1.2 1.0 Berkley Asset Protection 0.9 0.9 1.0 Berkley Canada 1.0 1.0 1.2 Berkley Construction Solutions 0.7 0.6 0.4 Berkley Custom Insurance 2.9 2.9 3.2 Berkley Cyber Risk Solutions 0.7 0.8 0.9 Berkley Enterprise Risk Solutions 0.2 0.1 — Berkley Entertainment 1.6 1.7 1.9 Berkley Environmental 7.3 6.7 5.7 Berkley Financial Specialists 0.6 0.6 0.6 Berkley Fire & Marine 0.8 0.9 0.8 Berkley Healthcare 1.2 1.5 1.8 Berkley Human Services 1.4 1.3 1.1 Berkley Industrial Comp 0.8 0.7 0.7 Berkley Insurance Asia 0.7 0.8 0.8 Berkley Insurance Australia 1.4 1.6 1.7 Berkley Latinoamérica 3.3 3.2 3.0 Berkley Life Sciences 0.5 0.5 0.5 Berkley Luxury Group 0.7 0.7 0.8 Berkley Management Protection 0.3 0.2 0.1 Berkley Mid-Atlantic Group 0.7 0.9 1.0 Berkley Net Underwriters 1.9 2.0 2.3 Berkley North Pacific 0.8 0.7 0.7 Berkley Offshore Underwriting Managers 1.4 1.5 1.5 Berkley Oil & Gas 1.8 3.0 3.5 Berkley One 3.7 2.6 1.8 Berkley Product Protection 0.4 0.3 0.3 Berkley Professional Liability 2.7 3.8 5.9 Berkley Public Entity 0.6 0.7 0.7 Berkley Risk 0.3 0.3 0.3 Berkley Select 1.8 1.9 1.8 Berkley Small Business Solutions 0.3 0.2 — Berkley Southeast 2.2 2.3 2.2 Berkley Southwest 1.1 1.3 1.5 Berkley Specialty Excess 0.6 0.2 — Berkley Surety 1.1 1.1 1.1 Berkley Technology Underwriters 0.6 0.6 0.6 Carolina Casualty 2.0 2.2 2.1 Continental Western Group 2.8 2.6 2.4 Gemini Transportation 2.8 3.0 3.1 Intrepid Direct 1.4 1.5 1.2 Key Risk 1.9 2.1 2.2 Nautilus Insurance Group 5.2 4.8 4.8 Preferred Employers Insurance 0.9 1.0 1.3 Vela Insurance Services 2.5 2.7 2.6 Verus Specialty Insurance 1.1 1.0 0.8 W R B Europe 1.2 1.1 1.1 W/R/B Underwriting 4.1 3.9 3.7 Other 2.3 1.8 1.9 Total 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% 11 The following table sets forth percentages of gross premiums written, by line, by our Insurance operations: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Other liability 39.0% 38.7% 37.5% Short-tail lines (1) 26.1 24.7 22.8 Auto 12.9 12.7 12.0 Professional liability 12.0 13.1 15.8 Workers' compensation 10.0 10.8 11.9 Total 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% ___________________ (1) Short-tail lines include commercial multi-peril (non-liability), inland marine, accident and health, fidelity and surety, boiler and machinery, high net worth homeowners and other lines. Reinsurance & Monoline Excess We provide other insurance companies and self-insureds with assistance in managing their net risk through reinsurance on either a portfolio basis, through treaty reinsurance, or on an individual basis, through facultative reinsurance as well as certain program management businesses. Our monoline excess operations solely retain risk on an excess basis. Businesses comprising the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment are as follows: Berkley Integrated Solutions offers specialized solutions to clients through facultative reinsurance, turnkey offerings and program management through the following units: Berkley Re Solutions offers casualty facultative reinsurance products including automatic, semi-automatic and individual risk assumed to clients on a direct basis through a nationwide network of regional offices. It also provides its customers with turnkey products such as cyber, employment practices liability insurance, liquor liability insurance and violent events coverage to help enhance its clients' product offerings, along with underwriting, claims, and actuarial consultation services. Berkley Program Specialists is a program management business offering both admitted and non-admitted insurance support on a nationwide basis for commercial casualty and property program administrators with specialized insurance expertise. Berkley Re America provides treaty and facultative reinsurance solutions on a variety of product lines through reinsurance brokers to companies whose primary operations are within the United States and Canada. Berkley Re Asia Pacific provides property and casualty reinsurance to the Asia Pacific marketplace. With offices in Brisbane, Sydney, Beijing and Singapore, each branch focuses on excess of loss reinsurance, targeting both property and casualty treaty and facultative contracts, through multiple distribution channels. Berkley Re UK writes international property casualty treaty and property facultative accounts. Its territorial scope includes reinsured clients domiciled in the United Kingdom, Europe, Africa, the Middle East and the Caribbean. Lloyd's Syndicate 2791 Participation represents the Company's minority participation in a Lloyd's syndicate that writes a broad range of mainly short-tail classes of business. Midwest Employers Casualty offers tailored excess workers' compensation insurance coverage nationwide, as well as customized captive insurance coverage to U.S. domiciled and offshore captives. It distributes its products through retail and wholesale agencies. 12 The following table sets forth the percentages of gross premiums written by each Reinsurance & Monoline Excess business: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Berkley Integrated Solutions 14.1% 16.2% 22.5% Berkley Re America 34.4 31.5 30.9 Berkley Re Asia Pacific 13.8 14.9 13.7 Berkley Re UK 9.9 10.6 11.3 Lloyd's Syndicate 2791 Participation 8.6 8.8 5.4 Midwest Employers Casualty 19.2 18.0 16.2 Total 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% The following table sets forth the percentages of gross premiums written, by line, by our Reinsurance & Monoline Excess operations: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Casualty 49.1% 54.1% 61.1% Property 31.6 27.9 22.7 Monoline Excess 19.3 18.0 16.2 Total 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% Results by Segment Summary financial information about our segments is presented on a GAAP basis in the following table: Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Insurance Revenue $ 11,181,501 $ 9,827,866 $ 8,749,019 Income before income taxes 1,942,083 1,629,918 1,445,745 Reinsurance & Monoline Excess Revenue 1,696,905 1,615,277 1,590,113 Income before income taxes 466,595 449,285 326,440 Other (1) Revenue 760,346 699,795 827,367 Loss before income taxes (144,185) (324,800) (52,504) Total Revenue $ 13,638,752 $ 12,142,938 $ 11,166,499 Income before income taxes $ 2,264,493 $ 1,754,403 $ 1,719,681 _______________________________________ (1) Represents corporate revenues and expenses, net investment gains and losses, and revenues and expenses from non-insurance businesses that are consolidated for financial reporting purposes. 13 The table below represents summary underwriting ratios on a GAAP basis for our segments. Loss ratio is losses and loss expenses incurred expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned. Expense ratio is policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses expressed as a percentage of net premiums earned. Policy acquisition and insurance operating expenses do not include expenses related to insurance services or unallocated corporate expenses. Combined ratio is the sum of the loss ratio and the expense ratio. The combined ratio represents a measure of underwriting profitability, excluding investment income. A number in excess of 100 indicates an underwriting loss; a number below 100 indicates an underwriting profit: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Insurance Loss ratio 62.8 % 62.3 % 61.4 % Expense ratio 28.4 28.3 27.7 Combined ratio 91.2 % 90.6 % 89.1 % Reinsurance & Monoline Excess Loss ratio 54.7 % 54.3 % 61.0 % Expense ratio 29.4 29.4 29.2 Combined ratio 84.1 % 83.7 % 90.2 % Total Loss ratio 61.8 % 61.3 % 61.3 % Expense ratio 28.5 28.4 28.0 Combined ratio 90.3 % 89.7 % 89.3 % Investments Investment results, before income taxes, were as follows: Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Average investments, at cost (1) $ 28,942,819 $ 26,444,111 $ 24,438,112 Net investment income (1) $ 1,333,161 $ 1,052,835 $ 779,185 Percent earned on average investments (1) 4.6 % 3.9 % 3.2 % Net investment gains $ 117,708 $ 47,042 $ 202,397 Change in unrealized investment gains (losses) (2) $ 84,474 $ 392,903 $ (1,248,128) _______________________________________ (1) Includes investments, cash and cash equivalents, trading accounts receivable (payable) from brokers and clearing organizations, trading account securities sold but not yet purchased and unsettled purchases. (2) Represents the pre-tax change in unrealized investment gains (losses) for available for sale securities recognized in stockholders' equity. For comparison, the following are the coupon returns for the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index and the dividend returns for the S&P 500 ® Index: Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index 3.4 % 3.3 % 2.7 % S&P 500 ® Index 1.7 2.0 1.3 The percentages of the fixed maturity portfolio categorized by contractual maturity, based on fair value, on the dates indicated, are set forth below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain issuers may have the right to call or prepay certain obligations. 14 Year Ended December 31, 2024 2023 2022 1 year or less 7.7% 9.2% 8.7% Over 1 year through 5 years 40.5 46.2 47.2 Over 5 years through 10 years 17.4 21.2 23.4 Over 10 years 17.6 12.2 11.2 Mortgage-backed securities 16.8 11.2 9.5 Total 100.0% 100.0% 100.0% At each of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the fixed maturity portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents, had an effective duration of 2.6 years, 2.4 years and 2.4 years, respectively. Loss and Loss Expense Reserves To recognize liabilities for unpaid losses, either known or unknown, insurers establish reserves, which is a balance sheet account representing estimates of future amounts needed to pay claims and related expenses with respect to insured events which have occurred. Estimates and assumptions relating to reserves for losses and loss expenses are based on complex and subjective judgments, often including the interplay of specific uncertainties with related accounting and actuarial measurements. Such estimates are also susceptible to change as significant periods of time may elapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the report of the loss to the insurer, the ultimate determination of the cost of the loss and the insurer’s payment of that loss. In general, when a claim is reported, claims personnel establish a “case reserve” for the estimated amount of the ultimate payment based upon known information about the claim at that time. The estimate represents an informed judgment based on general reserving practices and reflects the experience and knowledge of the claims personnel regarding the nature and value of the specific type of claim. Reserves are also established on an aggregate basis to provide for losses incurred but not reported (“IBNR”) to the insurer, potential inadequacy of case reserves and the estimated expenses of settling claims, including legal and other fees and general expenses of administrating the claims adjustment process. Reserves are established based upon the then current legal interpretation of coverage provided. In examining reserve adequacy, several factors are considered in estimating the ultimate economic value of losses. These factors include, among others, historical data, legal developments, changes in social attitudes and economic conditions, including the effects of inflation. The actuarial process relies on the basic assumption that past experience, adjusted judgmentally for the effects of current developments and anticipated trends, is an appropriate basis for predicting future outcomes. Reserve amounts are necessarily based on management’s informed estimates and judgments using currently available data. As additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, these estimates and judgments may be revised. This may result in reserve increases or decreases that would be reflected in our results in periods in which such estimates and assumptions are changed. The risk and complexity of estimating loss reserves are greater when economic conditions are uncertain. It is especially difficult to estimate the impact of inflation on loss reserves given the current economic environment and related government actions. Whereas a slowing economy would generally lead to lower inflation or even deflation, increased government spending would generally lead to higher inflation. A change in our assumptions regarding inflation would result in reserve increases or decreases that would be reflected in our earnings in periods in which such assumptions are changed. Reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability. Rather, reserves represent an estimate of what management expects the ultimate settlement and claim administration will cost. While the methods for establishing the reserves are well tested over time, some of the major assumptions about anticipated loss emergence patterns are subject to unanticipated fluctuation. These estimates, which generally involve actuarial projections, are based on management’s assessment of facts and circumstances then known, as well as estimates of trends in claims severity and frequency, judicial theories of liability and other factors, including the actions of third parties, which are beyond the Company’s control. These variables are affected by external and internal events, such as inflation and economic volatility, judicial and litigation trends, reinsurance coverage, legislative changes and claim handling and reserving practices, which make it more difficult to accurately predict claim costs. The inherent uncertainties of estimating reserves are greater for certain types of liabilities where long periods of time elapse before a definitive determination of liability is made. Although the loss reserves included in the Company’s financial statements represent management’s best estimates, setting reserves is inherently uncertain and the Company cannot provide assurance that its current reserves will prove adequate in light of subsequent events. 15 The Company discounts its liabilities for certain workers’ compensation reserves. The amount of workers’ compensation reserves that were discounted was $1,358 million and $1,352 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The aggregate net discount for those reserves, after reflecting the effects of ceded reinsurance, was $405 million and $390 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At December 31, 2024, discount rates by year ranged from 0.7% to 6.5%, with a weighted average discount rate of 3.6%. Substantially all discounted workers’ compensation reserves (97% of total discounted reserves at December 31, 2024) are excess workers’ compensation reserves. In order to properly match loss expenses with income earned on investment securities supporting the liabilities, reserves for excess workers’ compensation business are discounted using risk-free discount rates determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve. These rates are determined annually based on the weighted average rate for the period. Once established, no adjustments are made to the discount rate for that period, and any increases or decreases in loss reserves in subsequent years are discounted at the same rate, without regard to when any such adjustments are recognized. The expected loss and loss expense payout patterns subject to discounting are derived from the Company’s loss payout experience. The Company also discounts reserves for certain other long-duration workers’ compensation reserves (representing approximately 3% of total discounted reserves at December 31, 2024), including reserves for quota share reinsurance and reserves related to losses regarding occupational lung disease. These reserves are discounted at statutory rates permitted by the Department of Insurance of the State of Delaware. To date, known environmental and asbestos claims have not had a material impact on the Company’s operations, because its subsidiaries generally did not insure large industrial companies that are subject to significant environmental or asbestos exposures prior to 1986 when an absolute exclusion was incorporated into standard policy language. The Company’s net reserves for losses and loss expenses relating to environmental and asbestos claims on policies written before adoption of the absolute exclusion was $16 million and $17 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The estimation of these liabilities is subject to significantly greater than normal variation and uncertainty because it is difficult to make an actuarial estimate of these liabilities due to the absence of a generally accepted actuarial methodology for these exposures and the potential effect of significant unresolved legal matters, including coverage issues, as well as the cost of litigating the legal issues. Additionally, the determination of ultimate damages and the final allocation of such damages to financially responsible parties are highly uncertain. The table below provides a reconciliation of the beginning of year and end of year property casualty reserves for the indicated years: (In thousands) 2024 2023 2022 Net reserves at beginning of year $ 15,661,820 $ 14,248,879 $ 12,848,362 Net provision for losses and loss expenses: Claims occurring during the current year (1) 7,083,999 6,311,780 5,774,713 Increase in estimates for claims occurring in prior years (2) 14,350 29,681 54,511 Loss reserve discount accretion 33,246 30,681 32,526 Total 7,131,595 6,372,142 5,861,750 Net payments for claims: Current year 1,278,585 1,217,078 1,068,577 Prior years 4,205,845 3,764,532 3,279,333 Total 5,484,430 4,981,610 4,347,910 Foreign currency translation (142,344) 22,409 (113,323) Net reserves at end of year 17,166,641 15,661,820 14,248,879 Ceded reserves at end of year 3,201,389 3,077,832 2,762,344 Gross reserves at end of year $ 20,368,030 $ 18,739,652 $ 17,011,223 Net change in premiums and losses occurring in prior years: Increase in estimates for claims occurring in prior years (2) $ (14,350) $ (29,681) $ (54,511) Retrospective premium adjustments for claims occurring in prior years (3) 18,782 10,782 18,106 Net premium and reserve development on prior years $ 4,432 $ (18,899) $ (36,405) ____________________________________ 16 (1) Claims occurring during the current year are net of loss reserve discounts of $49 million, $47 million and $35 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. (2) The change in estimates for claims occurring in prior years is net of loss reserve discount. On an undiscounted basis, the estimates for claims occurring in prior years increased by $13 million in 2024, decreased by $13 million in 2023, and increased by $16 million in 2022. (3) For certain retrospectively rated insurance policies and reinsurance agreements, changes in loss and loss expenses for prior years are offset by additional or return premiums. Also, see Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and note 13, Reserves for Losses and Loss Expenses included in our audited consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the changes in estimates for claims occurring in prior years. A reconciliation between the reserves as of December 31, 2024 as reported in the accompanying consolidated GAAP financial statements and those reported on the basis of statutory accounting principles (“SAP”) in the Company’s U.S. regulatory filings is as follows: (In thousands) Net reserves reported in U.S. regulatory filings on a SAP basis $ 16,328,835 Reserves for non-U.S. companies 922,868 Loss reserve discounting (1) (92,921) Ceded reserves 3,201,389 Allowance for expected credit losses on due from reinsurers 7,859 Gross reserves reported in the consolidated GAAP financial statements $ 20,368,030 _________________________ (1) For statutory purposes, the Company discounts its workers’ compensation reinsurance reserves at 2.5% as prescribed or permitted by the Department of Insurance of the State of Delaware. In its GAAP financial statements, the Company discounts excess workers’ compensation reserves at the risk-free rate and assumed workers’ compensation reserves at the statutory rate. Reinsurance We follow a common industry practice of reinsuring a portion of our exposures and paying to reinsurers a portion of the premiums received on the policies that we write. Reinsurance is purchased principally to reduce net liability on individual risks and to protect against catastrophic losses. Although reinsurance does not legally discharge an insurer from its primary liability for the full amount of the policies, it does make the assuming reinsurer contractually liable to the insurer to the extent of the reinsurance coverage. We monitor the financial condition of our reinsurers and attempt to place our coverages only with substantial, financially sound carriers. As a result, generally the reinsurers who reinsure our casualty insurance must have an A.M. Best rating of “A (Excellent)” or better with at least $1 billion in policyholder surplus and the reinsurers who cover our property insurance must have an A.M. Best rating of “A- (Excellent)” or better with at least $1 billion in policyholder surplus . Regulation U.S. Regulation Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are principally regulated by their domiciliary state insurance departments and are subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision in the other U.S. jurisdictions in which they do business. As of January 1, 2025, there are six domiciliary states related to our U.S. insurance subsidiaries. Overview . Our domestic insurance subsidiaries are subject to statutes which delegate regulatory, supervisory and administrative powers to state insurance commissioners. This regulation relates to such matters as the standards of solvency which must be met and maintained; the licensing of insurers and their agents; the nature of and limitations on investments; deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders; approval of certain policy forms and premium rates; periodic examination of the affairs of insurance companies; annual and other reports required to be filed on the financial condition of insurers or for other purposes; establishment and maintenance of reserves for unearned premiums, loss expenses and losses; and requirements regarding numerous other matters. Our property casualty subsidiaries, other than our excess and surplus lines and reinsurance subsidiaries, must generally file all rates with the insurance department of each state in which they operate. Our excess and surplus lines and reinsurance subsidiaries generally operate free of rate and form regulation. 17 Holding Company Statutes . In addition to regulatory supervision of our insurance subsidiaries, we are subject to state statutes governing insurance holding company systems. Under the terms of applicable state statutes, any person or entity desiring to purchase more than a specified percentage (commonly 10%) of our outstanding voting securities would be required to obtain prior regulatory approval of the purchase. Typically, such statutes require that we periodically file information with the appropriate domiciliary state insurance commissioner, including information concerning our capital structure, ownership, financial condition and general business operations. We are required to submit to the Delaware Department of Insurance, the lead state regulator for our group, an annual “enterprise risk management report,” which identifies the activities and circumstances of any affiliated company that might have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of our group or our U.S. licensed insurers. We must also annually submit to the Delaware Department of Insurance an Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Summary Report (“ORSA Report”), which is a confidential internal assessment of the material and relevant risks associated with an insurer’s current business plan and the sufficiency of capital resources to support those risks. We are required to, at least annually, conduct an Own Risk and Solvency Assessment regarding the adequacy of our risk management framework and our current, and estimated projected future, solvency position. We must internally document the process and results of the assessment. Under the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (the “NAIC”) model holding company act adopted by the states, U.S. insurance regulators are authorized to lead or participate in the group-wide supervision of internationally active insurance groups (“IAIG”). In November 2019, the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (“IAIS”), an international standard setter, adopted a global framework for the supervision of IAIGs, as discussed below under “International Regulation.” In December 2024, the IAIS adopted a risk-based, group-wide global insurance capital standard (“ICS”) applicable to IAIGs. IAIS member states, including the U.S., will now update their domestic insurance group capital requirements where necessary to fully reflect the ICS. We received notice from the Delaware Department of Insurance in 2024 that we are considered an IAIG. As an IAIG, we may be subject to international oversight coordinated by the Delaware Department of Insurance. In the United States, the NAIC has developed a group capital calculation tool that uses a risk-based capital aggregation methodology to aggregate the available capital and the minimum capital of each entity in an insurance group regardless of their structure. The NAIC has indicated that it intends to work domestically on its approach to the group capital aggregation method with respect to U.S. implementation of the ICS. Delaware has adopted the NAIC amendments to the model holding company act and regulation that require the ultimate controlling person of an insurer subject to holding company registration to submit the group capital calculation filing annually with its lead state regulator. Cybersecurity Regulations. New York’s cybersecurity regulation applies to financial services institutions authorized by the New York State Department of Financial Services (the “NYDFS”), including our insurance subsidiaries licensed in New York. The regulation requires these entities to assess risks associated with their information systems and establish and maintain a cybersecurity program reasonably designed to protect consumers’ private data and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the licensee’s information systems. The NYDFS has adopted amendments to New York’s cybersecurity regulation, which require additional reporting, governance and oversight measures, and enhanced cybersecurity safeguards to be implemented. The amendments take effect in phases that began in 2023 and continue through 2025. The NAIC has adopted the Insurance Data Security Model Law (the “Cybersecurity Model Law”) for consideration by state legislatures, which establishes standards for data security, the investigation of cybersecurity events involving the unauthorized access to, or misuse of, certain nonpublic information, and reporting to insurance commissioners. The Cybersecurity Model Law imposes significant regulatory burdens intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information systems. The Cybersecurity Model Law, or a form thereof, has been adopted by several states, including three of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries’ domiciliary states. A drafting note in the Cybersecurity Model Law states that a licensee’s compliance with New York's cybersecurity regulation is intended to constitute compliance with the Cybersecurity Model Law, but compliance remains a state-by-state issue requiring consideration of any state differences in implementation and enforcement of the Cybersecurity Model Law. Certain other states have enacted or are considering laws and regulations related to privacy and data security. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), broadly regulates the collection, processing and disclosure of California residents’ personal information, imposes limits on the “sale” of personal information and grants California residents certain rights to, among other things, access and delete data about them in certain circumstances. The CCPA also established a private right of action, with potentially significant statutory damages, whereby businesses that fail to implement reasonable security measures to protect against breaches of personal information could be liable to affected California consumers. California subsequently enacted the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), which imposed additional limitations and obligations with respect to covered businesses’ use and sharing of certain personal data. Compliance with the CCPA/CPRA may increase the cost of providing our products and services in California. An increasing number of U.S. states have adopted, 18 or are considering legislation similar to the CCPA. Additionally, the NAIC is developing amendments to update the Privacy of Consumer Financial and Health Information Regulation to reflect the extensive innovations in communications and technology since its adoption. The proposed amendments would expand the definition of nonpublic personal information; add consumer rights to request access, correction and deletion of nonpublic personal information; and add requirements for contracts with third-party service providers. The deadline to finalize the amendments was recently extended until December 31, 2025. We cannot predict the impact, if any, that any current, proposed or future federal or state cybersecurity laws or regulations will have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Innovation and Technology . As a result of increased innovation and use of technology in the insurance sector, the NAIC and insurance regulators have been focusing on the use of “big data” technologies, such as artificial intelligence, machine learning and automated decision-making. In December 2023, the NAIC adopted the Model Bulletin on the Use of Artificial Intelligence Systems by Insurers (the “AI Bulletin”). The AI Bulletin may be adopted and issued by state regulators to licensed insurers. In addition to affirming that the use of artificial intelligence must comply with existing state law, the AI Bulletin sets forth regulators’ expectations on how insurers will develop, acquire and use artificial intelligence technologies including around the use of third-party data and models. In 2024, the NAIC formed a new task force to develop and propose a regulatory framework for the oversight of insurers’ use of third-party data and predictive models, the drafting of which is expected to begin in 2025. The NAIC and state insurance regulators are also focused on addressing unfair discrimination by insurers in the use of consumer data and technology, and certain states have passed laws or are considering action targeting unfair discrimination practices. For example, Colorado has enacted a law that prohibits insurers from using external consumer data and information sources (“ECDIS”), as well as algorithms or predictive models that use ECDIS, in a way that unfairly discriminates based on race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, gender identity or gender expression. The Colorado Division of Insurance adopted regulations requiring life insurers to adopt a governance and risk management framework for the use of artificial intelligence, machine learning and other technologies that utilize “external consumer data.” In December 2024, the Colorado Division of Insurance released a draft proposed amendment to bring passenger automobile and health benefit plan insurers within its scope. It is expected that Colorado will further adopt governance and testing regulations for other lines of insurance. Similarly, in July 2024, the NYDFS issued Insurance Circular Letter 7 on the Use of Artificial Intelligence and External Consumer Data and Information Sources in Insurance Underwriting and Pricing, which applies to our insurance subsidiaries licensed in New York. Circular Letter 7 sets forth fairness principles, transparency requirements, and governance and risk management responsibilities for insurers under NYDFS’ jurisdiction that develop and/or use ECDIS, artificial intelligence systems, and other predictive models in underwriting and pricing insurance policies and annuity contracts. We cannot predict whether states will adopt the AI Bulletin or a similar regulation, or what, if any, changes to laws or regulations may be enacted with regard to “big data” or artificial intelligence technologies. Risk-Based Capital Requirements . The NAIC utilizes a Risk-Based Capital (“RBC”) formula that is designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer's statutory surplus in relation to the risks inherent in its business. The RBC formula develops a risk adjusted target level of adjusted statutory capital by applying certain factors to various asset, premium and reserve items. The NAIC RBC Model Law provides for four incremental levels of regulatory attention for insurers whose surplus is below the calculated RBC target. These levels of attention range in severity from requiring the insurer to submit a plan for corrective action to actually placing the insurer under regulatory control. The RBC of each of our domestic insurance subsidiaries was above the calculated RBC target level as of December 31, 2024. Insurance Regulatory Information System. The NAIC also has developed a set of 13 financial ratios for property and casualty insurers referred to as the Insurance Regulatory Information System (“IRIS”). On the basis of statutory financial statements filed with state insurance regulators, the NAIC annually calculates these IRIS ratios to assist state insurance regulators in monitoring the financial condition of insurance companies. The NAIC has established an acceptable range for each of the IRIS financial ratios. Guaranty Funds . Our U.S. insurance subsidiaries are also subject to assessment by state guaranty funds in states where we transact admitted business when an insurer in a particular jurisdiction has been judicially declared insolvent and the insolvent company's available funds are insufficient to pay policyholders and claimants the amounts to which they are entitled. The protection afforded under a state's guaranty fund to policyholders of the insolvent insurer varies from state to state. Generally, all licensed property casualty insurers are considered to be members of the fund, and assessments are based upon their pro rata share of direct written premiums in that state. The NAIC Post-Assessment Property and Liability Insurance Guaranty Association Model Act, a version of which has been adopted by all states, limits assessments to 2% of an insurer’s subject premiums and permits recoupment of assessments through rate setting. Likewise, several states (or underwriting organizations of which our insurance subsidiaries are required to be members) have limited assessment authority with regard to deficits in certain lines of business. 19 Additionally, state insurance laws and regulations require us to participate in mandatory property-liability “shared market,” “pooling” or similar arrangements that provide certain types of insurance coverage to individuals or others who otherwise are unable to purchase coverage voluntarily provided by private insurers. Shared market mechanisms include assigned risk plans and fair access to insurance requirement or “FAIR” plans. In addition, some states require insurers to participate in reinsurance pools for claims that exceed specified amounts. Our participation in these mandatory shared market or pooling mechanisms generally is related to the amount of our direct writings for the type of coverage written by the specific mechanism in the applicable state. Dividends . We receive funds from our insurance company subsidiaries in the form of dividends and management fees for certain management services. Annual dividends in excess of maximum amounts prescribed by state statutes may not be paid without the approval of the insurance commissioner of the state in which an insurance subsidiary is domiciled. See “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity and Capital Resources.” Trade Practices . State insurance laws and regulations include numerous provisions governing trade practices and the marketplace activities of insurers, including provisions governing marketing and sales practices, policyholder services, claims management and complaint handling. State regulatory authorities generally enforce these provisions through periodic market conduct examinations. Investment Regulation. Investments by our domestic insurance companies must comply with applicable laws and regulations which prescribe the kind, quality and concentration of investments. In general, these laws and regulations permit investments in federal, state and municipal obligations, corporate bonds, preferred and common equity securities, mortgage loans, real estate and certain other investments, subject to specified limits and certain other qualifications. Investments that do not comply with these limits and qualifications are deducted in our insurance subsidiaries' calculation of their statutory capital and surplus. Terrorism Risk Insurance. The Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 established a Federal program that provides for a system of shared public and private compensation for insured losses resulting from acts of terrorism. Pursuant to the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019 (“TRIPRA”), the program was extended until December 31, 2027. TRIPRA provides a federal backstop to all U.S. based property and casualty insurers for insurance related losses resulting from any act of terrorism on U.S. soil or against certain U.S. air carriers, vessels or foreign missions. TRIPRA is applicable to almost all commercial lines of property and casualty insurance but excludes auto, burglary and theft, surety, workers' compensation, professional liability and farm owners' multi-peril insurance. Insurers with direct commercial property and casualty insurance exposure in the United States are required to participate in the program and make available coverage for certified acts of terrorism. TRIPRA's definition of certified acts includes domestic terrorism. Federal participation will be triggered under TRIPRA when the Secretary of Treasury certifies an act of terrorism. Under the program, the federal government will pay 80% of an insurer's covered losses in excess of the insurer's applicable deductible. The insurer's deductible is calculated as 20% of earned premium for the prior year for covered lines of commercial property and casualty insurance. Based on our 2024 earned premiums, our aggregate deductible under TRIPRA during 2025 will be approximately $1,663 million. The federal program will not pay losses for certified acts unless such losses exceed $200 million industry-wide for any calendar year. TRIPRA limits the federal government's share of losses at $100 billion for a program year. In addition, an insurer that has satisfied its deductible is not liable for the payment of losses in excess of the $100 billion cap. Excess and Surplus Lines . The regulation of our U.S. subsidiaries' excess and surplus lines insurance business differs significantly from the regulation of our admitted business. Our surplus lines subsidiaries are subject to the surplus lines regulation and reporting requirements of the jurisdictions in which they are eligible to write surplus lines insurance. Although surplus lines business is generally less regulated than admitted business, principally with respect to rates and policy forms, strict regulations apply to surplus lines placements in the laws of every state and the regulation of surplus lines insurance may undergo changes in the future. Federal or state measures may be introduced to increase the oversight of surplus lines insurance in the future. Climate Change and Financial Risks . The NAIC and state insurance regulators continue to evaluate issues related to the management of climate risk. In 2022, the NAIC adopted a new standard for insurance companies to report their climate-related risks as part of its annual Climate Risk Disclosure Survey, which applies to insurers that meet the reporting threshold of $100 million in U.S. direct premium and are licensed in one of the participating jurisdictions. The NYDFS’s 2020 circular letter, which applies to our insurance subsidiaries licensed in New York, states that regulated insurers are expected to integrate financial risks related to climate change into their governance frameworks, risk management processes, business strategies and scenario analysis, and develop their approach to climate-related financial disclosure. For example, an insurer should designate a board member or board committee, as well as a senior management function, to oversee the management of financial risks 20 associated with climate change. The NYDFS also adopted an amendment to the regulation governing enterprise risk management, which applies to our insurance subsidiaries licensed in New York, that requires an insurance group's enterprise risk management function to address certain additional risks, including climate change risk. In addition, the Federal Insurance Office (the “FIO”) is authorized to monitor the U.S. insurance industry under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), as discussed below under “Federal Regulation.” Pursuant to this statutory authority, the FIO is assessing how the insurance sector may mitigate climate risks and help achieve national climate-related goals. In June 2023, the FIO released a report urging insurance regulators to adopt climate-related risk-monitoring guidance in order to enhance their regulation and supervision of insurers. In 2023, California adopted laws establishing climate disclosure and climate-related financial risk reporting requirements that apply to companies doing business in California that meet applicable revenue thresholds. The Company may be subject to the disclosure requirements of the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act, requiring entities with more than $1.0 billion in annual revenue to annually disclose emissions on a phased timeline. Diversity and Corporate Governance .The NAIC and state insurance regulators also continue to evaluate issues related to diversity within the insurance industry, such as the diversity of an insurer’s board of directors and management. In March 2021, the NYDFS issued a circular letter stating that it expects the insurers it regulates, such as our insurance subsidiaries licensed in New York, to make diversity of their leadership a business priority and a key element of their corporate governance, and it includes diversity-related questions in its examination process. In addition, the NAIC is examining practices in the insurance industry in order to determine how barriers are created that disadvantage or discriminate against people of color or historically underrepresented groups. NAIC goals include improving access to different types of insurance products in minority communities, addressing issues related to affordability, and providing guidance to regulators on ways to improve insurance access and the understanding of insurance in underserved communities. See “Human Capital Resources” below. Federal Regulation. The federal government and its regulatory agencies generally do not directly regulate the business of insurance, although federal initiatives could have an impact on our business in a variety of ways. The Dodd-Frank Act effected sweeping changes to financial services regulation in the United States, and created two new federal government bodies, the FIO and the Financial Stability Oversight Council (the “FSOC”). The FIO does not have general supervisory or regulatory authority over the business of insurance, although it has preemption authority over state insurance laws that conflict with certain international agreements, as discussed below. The FIO also has authority to represent the United States in international insurance matters and is authorized to monitor the U.S. insurance industry and identify potential regulatory gaps that could contribute to systemic risk. The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury and U.S. Trade Representative to enter into international agreements of mutual recognition regarding the prudential regulation of insurance or reinsurance. The U.S. and the European Union ("EU") signed such a covered agreement (the "EU Covered Agreement") in September 2017, which addresses three areas of prudential supervision: reinsurance, group supervision and the exchange of information between the U.S. and EU. In December 2018, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative entered into a covered agreement with the U.K. (the “U.K. Covered Agreement,” and together with the EU Covered Agreement, the “Covered Agreements”) in anticipation of the U.K.’s exit from the EU. The U.K. Covered Agreement largely reflects the provisions of the EU Covered Agreement and incorporates the same timeframes within it. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the FIO has preemption authority over state insurance laws that conflict with the Covered Agreements as of September 1, 2022, such as state credit for reinsurance laws that result in non-U.S. reinsurers subject to the Covered Agreements being treated less favorably than U.S. reinsurers. The NAIC amended its Credit for Reinsurance Model Law to satisfy the substantive and timing requirements of the Covered Agreements, which amendments have been enacted by all states. On September 30, 2023, the FIO reported that it did not recommend taking any preemption action as a result of inconsistency between the Covered Agreements and state credit for reinsurance laws. Under the Covered Agreements, reinsurance collateral requirements no longer apply to qualifying EU and U.K. reinsurers. The amended Credit for Reinsurance Model Law also extends the zero reinsurance collateral provisions in the Covered Agreements to qualified reinsurers domiciled in U.S. jurisdictions that are accredited by the NAIC and to non-U.S. jurisdictions that have not entered into a covered agreement with the U.S. but which the NAIC has identified as “reciprocal jurisdictions” pursuant to the NAIC Qualified Jurisdiction Process. We cannot currently predict the impact of these changes to the law or whether any other covered agreements will be successfully adopted, and cannot currently estimate the impact of these changes to the law and any such adopted covered agreements on our business, financial condition or operating results. 21 The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes the FSOC to designate an insurer as a “systemically important financial institution” or a “non-bank SIFI” if the insurer’s material financial distress could pose a systemic risk to the financial system or the nature or scale of its activities could pose a threat to U.S. financial stability. The FIO can recommend that an insurer be designated as a non-bank SIFI, which would subject the company to Federal Reserve supervision and heightened prudential standards. There are currently no such non-bank SIFIs designated by the FSOC. In November 2023, the FSOC adopted final guidance that establishes a new process for designating certain financial companies as non-bank SIFIs. The revised process is based on the consideration of risk factors set forth in a new analytic framework, which describes how the FSOC intends to monitor a broad range of institutions and activities and respond to potential risks to U.S. financial stability. The financial vulnerabilities that most often contribute to this type of risk include leverage, liquidity risk and maturity mismatch, inadequate risk management, concentration and destabilizing activities. Under the new guidance, the FSOC is no longer required to conduct a cost-benefit analysis and an assessment of the likelihood of a non-bank financial company’s material financial distress before considering the designation of the company. The revised process could have the effect of simplifying and shortening FSOC’s procedures for designating certain financial companies as non-bank SIFIs. Based upon our current business model and balance sheet, we do not believe that we will be designated by the FSOC as such an institution. Although the potential impact of any future amendments to the Dodd-Frank Act on the U.S. insurance industry is not clear, our business could be affected by changes to the U.S. system of insurance regulation or our designation or the designation of insurers or reinsurers with which we do business as non-bank SIFIs. International Regulation Our insurance subsidiaries based in the United Kingdom are regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and/or the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”). The PRA’s primary objectives with regard to insurers are to promote the safety and soundness of insurers and to contribute to the securing of an appropriate degree of protection for current and future policyholders. The FCA has three operational objectives: (i) to secure an appropriate degree of protection for consumers, (ii) to protect and enhance the integrity of the United Kingdom’s financial system, and (iii) to promote effective competition in the interests of consumers in the financial services markets. The PRA and FCA employ a variety of regulatory tools to achieve their objectives, including periodic auditing and reporting requirements, risk assessment reviews, minimum solvency margins and individual capital assessment requirements, dividend restrictions, in certain cases, approval requirements governing the appointment of key officers, approval requirements governing controlling ownership interests and various other requirements. Our Lloyd’s managing agency is also regulated by Lloyd’s, and the Lloyd’s syndicate business is subject to Lloyd’s supervision. Through Lloyd’s, we are licensed to write business in various countries throughout the world by virtue of Lloyd’s international licenses. In each such country, we are subject to the laws and insurance regulation of that country. Our insurance subsidiary based in Liechtenstein is regulated by the Financial Market Authority of Liechtenstein ("FMA"), which has regulatory tools analogous to those of the U.K. regulators noted above. Additionally, U.K. and Liechtenstein laws and regulations also impact us as “controllers” of our European-regulated subsidiaries, whereby we are required to notify the appropriate authorities about significant events relating to such regulated subsidiaries’ controllers (i.e. persons or entities which have certain levels of direct or indirect voting power or economic interests in the regulated entities) as well as changes of control, and to submit annual reports regarding their controllers. The PRA/FCA’s Senior Managers and Certification Regime and analogous regulation in Liechtenstein further provide regulatory frameworks for standards of fitness and propriety, conduct and accountability for individuals in positions of responsibility at insurers. In addition, certain employees are individually registered at Lloyd’s. Our insurance business throughout the EU and EEA is subject to “Solvency II,” an insurance regulatory regime governing, among other things, capital adequacy and risk management. Following the U.K.’s withdrawal from the EU, or Brexit, our Lloyd’s managing agency (and the U.K. branch of our Liechtenstein subsidiary) are now subject to a separate U.K. prudential regime, which derives from Solvency II but has recently begun to diverge from it. Accordingly, the U.K.’s HM Treasury revoked all U.K. insurance legislation derived from EU law (referred to as Solvency II “assimilated law”) effective December 31, 2024, and broadly reinstated it via additional rules, which will eventually be known as “Solvency U.K.” Additionally, in December 2023, the U.K. adopted legislative reforms that amended various parts of the U.K.’s prudential regime, including the risk margin, matching adjustment requirements and regulatory reporting obligations. The PRA also has amended parts of its Rulebook, to reduce the overall regulatory burden on U.K. authorized insurers and to make the U.K. market more internationally competitive. The PRA’s amendments took effect throughout 2024. Similarly, the EU’s legislative bodies have undertaken a review of Solvency II and have adopted revisions to the current Solvency II rules. EU member states have until the end of January 2027 to implement these amendments into their respective domestic legislation. 22 Solvency II provides for the supervision of group solvency. Under Solvency II, it is possible that the U.S. parent of a European Union subsidiary could be subject to certain Solvency II requirements if the U.S. company is not already subject to regulations deemed “equivalent” to Solvency II. Currently, the U.S. system of insurance regulation relating to group supervision is not deemed “equivalent” to Solvency II by European Union authorities. The PRA will also perform separate, but comparable, supervision of group solvency under the U.K.’s own domestic prudential regime where a U.S. holding company is a parent of a subsidiary U.K. insurer or reinsurer. The Liechtenstein financial services regulator, the FMA, is the group supervisor for our European-regulated subsidiaries. However, the Covered Agreements prohibit any EU supervisor or the PRA (as applicable) from exercising group- wide supervision at any level above the highest company organized in the country of that supervisor. We must also comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/879) (“GDPR”), including EEA member state legislation implementing the GDPR. The regulation’s goal is to impose increased individual rights and protections for all personal data located in or originating from the EU. The Data Protection Act 2018 and the U.K. General Data Protection Regulation, which is the retained EU law version of the GDPR by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (together, “U.K. GDPR”), regulate data protection for all individuals within the U.K. Both the GDPR and the U.K. GDPR are extraterritorial in that they apply to all businesses in the EU and the U.K. respectively, and any business outside the EU and the U.K. that offers services, or monitors the behavior of individuals, in the EU and/or U.K., and that processes the personal data of individuals in the EU and/or the U.K. Moreover, there are significant fines associated with non-compliance. In particular, we need to monitor our compliance with all relevant member states’ laws and regulations, including where permitted derogations from the GDPR and the U.K. GDPR are introduced. The introduction of the GDPR and the U.K. GDPR, and any resultant changes in EU member states’ or U.K. national laws and regulations, has increased our compliance obligations and has necessitated the review and implementation of policies and processes relating to our collection and use of data, and has required us to change our business practices regarding these matters. In addition, we may become subject to or affected by regulatory policies adopted by the IAIS, an international standard setter consisting of supervisors and regulators from more than 200 jurisdictions. The aim of the IAIS is to develop and assist in the implementation of effective and consistent regulation of insurer solvency standards and group supervision of insurance groups in response to the increasing globalization of the insurance sector. In November 2019, the IAIS formally adopted a global framework for the supervision of IAIGs, which is referred to as the Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups, or “ComFrame.” ComFrame is intended to provide a framework of basic standards for IAIGs and a process for supervisors to cooperate in the supervision of IAIGs. Also in November 2019, the IAIS agreed to a version of a risk-based group-wide global insurance capital standard (“ICS”) that was intended to apply to IAIGs and ultimately form a part of ComFrame. The ICS was adopted by the IAIS in December 2024 as a group-wide prescribed capital requirement for IAIGs and integrated into the rest of ComFrame. IAIS member states will now update their domestic insurance capital requirements where necessary to fully reflect the ICS. The IAIS has also separately concluded that an aggregation method approach to a group capital standard, which forms part of the NAIC’s group capital calculation, could provide a basis of the implementation of the ICS that would produce comparable outcomes to the ICS. In reaching this determination, the IAIS also highlighted certain areas where it will be necessary for the U.S. to undertake further work as part of implementing the aggregation method to ensure convergence with the ICS. The NAIC has indicated that it intends to work domestically on its approach to the aggregation method as the U.S. implementation of the ICS and will collaborate with the IAIS. Once finalized and implemented, the aggregation method could thereafter be used by US-headquartered IAIGs as a method of group solvency calculation. We have received notice from Delaware, our lead state insurance regulator, that we are considered an IAIG. As an IAIG, we may be subject to international oversight coordinated by the Delaware Department of Insurance . Our international operations are also subject to varying degrees of regulation in Mexico, Australia and Canada and in certain other countries in Europe, South America, and Southeast Asia. Generally, our subsidiaries must satisfy local regulatory requirements. While each country imposes licensing, solvency, auditing and financial reporting requirements, the type and extent of the requirements differ substantially. Key areas where country regulations may differ include: (i) the type of financial reports to be filed; (ii) a requirement to use local intermediaries; (iii) the amount of reinsurance permissible; (iv) the scope of any regulation of policy forms and rates; and (v) the type and frequency of regulatory examinations. Our international operations are also subject to increasing regulation governing the management of climate risk. In the United Kingdom, the PRA recognizes that climate change represents both an underwriting and investment risk, and that losses can be incurred from physical climate change-related changes and the global adjustment towards a low-carbon economy. Insurers are therefore expected to reflect the consideration of the financial risks from climate change in their governance arrangements, including allocating responsibility for managing these risks to identified senior management and committees. 23 Insurers must also monitor and manage the financial risk posed by climate change as part of their risk management frameworks, which would involve scenario testing over a range of time horizons and reporting to the board on identified risks. Financial risks from climate change should also form part of insurers’ public regulatory disclosures. Similarly, the EU’s latest revisions to Solvency II contain specific regulations relating to the management of climate and environmental risks. When implemented into EU member states’ legislation, insurers must incorporate these risks into their own risk and solvency assessments and perform stress testing on the impact of long-term climate change scenarios on their business. Insurers would also need to include information on any material exposure to climate change-related risks in their public regulatory disclosures. The updated Solvency II text requires the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority, the supervisory authority for the EU insurance industry, to periodically (and at least every five years) review the scope and calibration of the natural catastrophe risk module used in the standard formula for calculating insurers’ capital requirements using the latest available climate science. Competition The property casualty insurance and reinsurance businesses are highly competitive, with many insurance companies of various sizes, as well as other entities offering risk alternatives such as self-insured retentions or captive programs, transacting business in the United States and internationally. We compete directly with a large number of these companies. Competition in our industry is largely measured by the ability to provide insurance and services at a price and on terms that are reasonable and acceptable to the customer. Our strategy in this highly fragmented industry is to seek specialized areas or geographic regions where our businesses can gain a competitive advantage by responding quickly to changing market conditions. Our businesses establish their own pricing practices based upon a Company-wide philosophy to price products with the intent of making an underwriting profit. Competition for insurance business within the United States comes from other specialty insurers, regional carriers, large national multi-line companies and reinsurers. Our specialty businesses compete with excess and surplus insurers as well as standard carriers. Our regional businesses compete with mutual and other regional stock companies as well as national carriers. Additionally, direct writers of property casualty insurance compete with our regional businesses by writing insurance through their salaried employees, generally at a lower acquisition cost than through independent agents such as those used by the Company. We compete internationally with native insurance operations both large and small, which in some cases are related to government entities, as well as with branches or local subsidiaries of multinational companies. Competition for reinsurance business, which is especially strong, comes from domestic and foreign reinsurers, which produce their business either on a direct basis or through the broker market. These competitors include Swiss Re, Munich Re, Berkshire Hathaway, Partner Re and others. In recent years, various institutional investors have increasingly sought to participate in the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industries. Well-capitalized new entrants to the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industries, or existing competitors that receive substantial infusions of capital, provide increasing competition, which may adversely impact our business and profitability. Further, an expanded supply of reinsurance capital may lower costs for insurers that rely on reinsurance and, as a consequence, those insurers may be able to price their products more competitively. Human Capital Resources As of January 15, 2025, we employed 8,606 individuals. Of this number, our subsidiaries employed 8,474 individuals and the remaining individuals were employed at the parent company. We believe that our people are our greatest asset and that our corporate culture is the most important intangible driver of long-term value creation for our Company and the highest priority for pursuing long-term risk-adjusted returns and growth in stockholder value. Human Capital Management: The Company fosters a performance culture. We are focused on creating a respectful, rewarding, diverse, and inclusive work environment that allows our employees to build meaningful and productive careers. The success of these human capital management objectives is essential to our strategy, as it is our people who drive our success. We invest in their growth as individuals and professionals through training and engagement, as well as in their well-being through robust health and wellness programs and a commitment to diversity. The Company provides developmental opportunities for our employees through formal and informal programs that focus on enabling employees to build skills and thought leadership in specific facets of our business. Our leadership programs cultivate the talent of our high-potential, strong-performing employees as we strive to deepen, enhance and diversify the Company’s leadership team. 24 We strive to align employee incentives with the risk and performance frameworks of the Company. The Company’s “pay for performance” philosophy connects individual, business and Company results to employee compensation, providing employees with opportunities to share in the Company’s overall growth and success. The Company offers employees a comprehensive benefits package, including health and wellness, financial, educational and life management benefits. In addition, we support employees in making an impact in their local communities and globally through environmental and social efforts that are meaningful to them. Our Board of Directors engages with our senior leadership team, including our senior vice president - human resources, on a periodic basis across a range of human capital management issues, including succession planning and development, compensation, benefits, talent recruiting and retention, engagement, diversity and inclusion, and employee feedback. Culture: The Board of Directors has recognized Accountability, People Oriented Strategy, Responsible Financial Practices, Risk-Adjusted Returns and Transparency as the elements of corporate culture necessary for the Company to achieve success. Our culture unifies our employees across our decentralized business model, positions us to serve our diverse clients globally and propels the Company’s continuous evolution. We are committed to fostering a unifying culture and encouraging innovation across our enterprise. Our culture encompasses the beliefs that (i) specialized knowledge and having a customer-centric focus are competitive advantages and (ii) an environment that promotes integrity, embraces the commitment to “always do right,” fosters entrepreneurship and innovation, and values making thoughtful decisions for the long-term benefit of our enterprise. While there is no one “Berkley” way, each of our businesses has its own culture that embodies a shared set of values that define our enterprise. Our structure, with 58 distinct businesses, facilitates the prompt identification of and appropriate action with respect to addressing individual business or cultural issues arising within a business, without affecting the larger enterprise. Furthermore, our businesses are overseen by senior corporate business managers and senior corporate functional managers, including actuarial, claims, compliance, enterprise risk management, finance, insurance risk management and underwriting, providing a governance oversight structure that makes it easier to identify such issues. Because our Board of Directors diligently exercises its risk management oversight through, among other activities, regular interactions with employees beyond corporate senior management, our directors have visibility into and receive timely feedback on cultural issues that may affect our business. As significant owners of our Company who are required to hold their shares until separation from service, each of our directors and senior executives have a vested interest in cultivating talent and perpetuating a culture that facilitates the execution of our long-term objectives. Other Information about the Company's Business We maintain an interest in evaluating the startup of possible new ventures and the acquisition of complementary businesses on an ongoing basis. In addition, our businesses develop new coverages or enter lines of business to meet the needs of insureds. Seasonal weather variations and other events affect the severity and frequency of losses sustained by the insurance and reinsurance businesses. Although the effect on our business of catastrophes such as tornadoes, hurricanes, hailstorms, wildfires, earthquakes and terrorist acts may be mitigated by reinsurance, they nevertheless can have a significant impact on the results of any one or more reporting periods. We have no customer that accounts for 10 percent or more of our consolidated revenues. Compliance by W. R. Berkley and its subsidiaries with federal, state and local provisions that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to protection of the environment, has not had a material effect upon our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. The Company's internet address is www.berkley.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. The Company's annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act and other reports filed by us or with respect to our securities by others are accessible free of charge through this website as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our businesses face significant risks. If any of the events or circumstances described as risks below occur, our businesses, results of operations and/or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In addition to those 25 described below, our businesses may also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial. Risks Relating to Our Industry Our results may fluctuate as a result of many factors, including cyclical changes in the insurance and reinsurance industry. The results of companies in the property casualty insurance industry historically have been subject to significant fluctuations and uncertainties in supply and demand and pricing, causing cyclical changes in the insurance and reinsurance industry. The demand for insurance is influenced primarily by general economic conditions, while the supply of insurance is often directly related to available capacity based on the perceived profitability of the business. The adequacy of premium rates is affected mainly by the severity and frequency of claims, which are influenced by many factors, including natural disasters and other catastrophic events, regulatory measures and court decisions that define and expand the extent of coverage, and the effects of economic and social inflation on the amount of claims payments due for injuries or losses. In addition, investment rates of return impact rate adequacy. These factors can have a significant impact on ultimate profitability because a property casualty insurance policy is priced before its costs are known as premiums usually are determined long before claims are reported. These factors could produce results that would have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. The uncertainty of an insurer’s ultimate loss costs, and fluctuating competitive conditions, result in alternating periods of “hard” markets (more profitable for insurers) and “soft” markets (less profitable for insurers). In recent years, improvement (or deterioration) in various lines of property casualty insurance has become less uniform in its cyclicality, with changes frequently happening at different rates, and even at times in different directions. Over the past several years, premium rates have increased for most lines of business, while they have decreased in others, most notably workers' compensation and certain professional liability lines of business. We face significant competitive pressures in our businesses, which can pressure premium rates in certain areas and could harm our ability to maintain or increase our profitability and premium volume in some parts of our business. We compete with a large number of other companies in our selected lines of business. We compete, and will continue to compete, with major U.S. and non-U.S. insurers and reinsurers, other regional companies, as well as mutual companies, specialty insurance companies, underwriting agencies, diversified financial services companies and insurtech companies. Competitiveness in our businesses is based on many factors, including premium charges, ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, commissions paid to producers, the perceived financial strength of the company, other terms and conditions offered, services provided, ease of doing business, speed of claims payment and reputation and experience in the lines to be written. Periods of insurance industry consolidation may further increase competition in some parts of our business and may cause our insurance subsidiaries to incur greater customer retention and acquisition expenses, affecting the profitability of existing and new business. At times, we have faced significant competition in our business as a result of existing insurers seeking to gain or maintain market share as well as new entrants and capital providers. Various types of investors seek to participate in the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industries. Well-capitalized new entrants to the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industries, or existing competitors that receive substantial infusions of capital or access to third-party capital, provide increasing competition, which may adversely impact our business and profitability. Further, an expanded supply of capital may lower costs for insurers and, as a consequence, those insurers may be able to price their products more competitively. In addition, technology companies or other third parties have created, and may in the future create technology-enabled business models, processes, platforms or alternate distribution channels that may adversely impact our competitive position in some parts of our business. Some of our competitors, particularly in the reinsurance business, have greater financial and/or marketing resources than we do. These competitors within the reinsurance market include Swiss Re, Munich Re, Berkshire Hathaway and Partner Re. We expect that perceived financial strength, in particular, will become more important as customers seek high quality reinsurers. This intense competition could cause the supply and/or demand for insurance or reinsurance to change, which affect our ability to price our products at attractive rates and retain existing business or write new products at adequate rates or on terms and conditions acceptable to us. If we are unable to retain existing business or write new business at adequate rates or on terms and conditions acceptable to us, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Recently, insurance prices have generally increased for most lines of business, excluding workers' compensation and certain professional liability lines of business. However, loss costs have also increased and the duration and magnitude of the improved pricing environment remains uncertain. Despite higher interest rates, current price levels for certain lines of business 26 may remain below the prices required for us to achieve our long-term return objectives. We expect to continue to face strong competition in our business. Our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, which may require us to establish additional reserves. Our gross reserves for losses and loss expenses were approximately $20.4 billion as of December 31, 2024. Our loss reserves reflect our best estimates of the cost of settling claims and related expenses with respect to insured events that have occurred. Reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability. Rather, reserves represent an estimate of what management expects the ultimate settlement and claims administration will cost for claims that have occurred, whether known or unknown. The major assumptions about anticipated loss emergence patterns are subject to unanticipated fluctuation. These estimates, which generally involve actuarial projections, are based on management's assessment of facts and circumstances then known, as well as estimates of future trends in claims severity and frequency, inflation, judicial theories of liability, reinsurance coverage, legislative changes and other factors, including the actions of third parties, which are beyond our control. The inherent uncertainties of estimating reserves are greater for certain types of liabilities, where long periods of time elapse before a definitive determination of liability is made and settlement is reached. In periods with increased economic volatility, it becomes more difficult to accurately estimate claim costs. It is especially difficult to estimate the impact of inflation on loss reserves given the current economic environment and related government actions. Both inflation overall and medical cost inflation, which has historically been greater than inflation overall, can have an adverse impact. In addition, although the Company has estimated the potential COVID-19 impact to its contingency and event cancellation, workers’ compensation, and other lines of business under a number of possible scenarios, there remains uncertainty around COVID-19's ultimate impact on the Company and its related reserves. Reserve estimates are continually refined in an ongoing process as experience develops and further claims are reported and settled. Adjustments to reserves are reflected in the results of the periods in which such estimates are changed. Because setting reserves is inherently uncertain, we cannot assure that our current reserves will prove adequate in light of subsequent events. Should we need to increase our reserves, our pre-tax income for the reporting period would decrease by a corresponding amount. We discount our reserves for excess and assumed workers' compensation business because of the long period of time over which losses are paid. Discounting is intended to appropriately match losses and loss expenses to income earned on investment securities supporting liabilities. The expected loss and loss expense payout pattern subject to discounting is derived from our loss payout experience. Changes in the loss and loss expense payout pattern are recorded in the period they are determined. If the actual loss payout pattern is shorter than anticipated, the discount will be reduced and pre-tax income will decrease by a corresponding amount. The effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain. As industry practices and economic, legal, judicial, social, technological and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claim and coverage frequently emerge. These issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the number or size of claims. Examples of emerging claims and coverage issues include, but are not limited to: • judicial expansion of policy coverage and a greater propensity to grant claimants more favorable amounts and the impact of new theories of liability; • plaintiffs targeting property and casualty insurers, including us, in purported class action litigation relating to claims-handling and other practices; • social inflation trends, including higher and more frequent claims, more favorable judgments and legislated increases; • medical developments that link health issues to particular causes, resulting in liability claims; • claims relating to unanticipated consequences of current or new technologies, including cyber security related risks; • claims relating to potentially changing climate conditions; and • increased claims due to third party funding of litigation. In some instances, these emerging issues may not become apparent for some time after we have issued the affected insurance policies. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance policies may not be known until many years after the policies are issued. 27 In addition, the potential passage of new legislation designed to expand the right to sue, to remove limitations on recovery, to extend the statutes of limitations or otherwise to repeal or weaken tort reforms could have an adverse impact on our business. The effects of these and other unforeseen emerging claim and coverage issues are difficult to predict and could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. As a property casualty insurer, we face losses from natural and man-made catastrophes. Property casualty insurers are subject to claims arising out of catastrophes that may have a significant effect on their results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Catastrophe losses have had a significant impact on our results. For example, current accident year catastrophe losses net of reinsurance recoveries were $298 million in 2024, $195 million in 2023, and $212 million in 2022. Similarly, man-made catastrophes can also have a material impact on our financial results. Depending on market conditions and other factors, we may seek to increase our writing of property casualty insurance, and, accordingly, our exposure to catastrophic events would be increased. Catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, tsunamis, hailstorms, explosions, severe winter weather and wildfires, pandemics, as well as terrorist and other man-made activities, including drilling, mining and other industrial accidents, the bankruptcy of a major company, war or other military actions, social unrest, cyber events or terrorist activities. The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable, and longer-term natural catastrophe trends may be changing due to climate change causing increased variability and unpredictability. The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. Some catastrophes are restricted to small geographic areas; however, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis and other disasters may produce significant damage in large, heavily populated areas. Catastrophes can cause losses in a variety of our property and casualty lines, and most of our past catastrophe-related claims have resulted from severe storms. Seasonal weather variations or the impact of climate change may affect the severity and frequency of our losses. Insurance companies are not permitted to reserve for a catastrophe until it has occurred. It is therefore possible that a catastrophic event or multiple catastrophic events could produce significant losses and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. New or emerging pandemics, whether related to COVID-19 or otherwise, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and liquidity in the future. The COVID-19 pandemic, including the related impact on the U.S. and global economies, materially and adversely affected our results of operations. New or emerging pandemics, whether related to COVID-19 or otherwise, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and liquidity, including the following: • Legislative and regulatory initiatives in response to pandemics may adversely affect us by, for example, retroactively mandating coverage for losses that our policies were not intended to cover. • A lthough the Company has estimated the potential COVID-19 impact to its contingency and event cancellation, workers’ compensation, and other lines of business under a number of possible scenarios, there remains uncertainty around COVID-19's ultimate impact on the Company and its related reserves . • Claims and coverage issues may emerge that extend coverage beyond our underwriting intent or increase the number and/or size of claims. • Our reinsurers may refuse to pay reinsurance recoverables due to uncertainty regarding reinsurance coverage for losses related to COVID-19 or any future pandemics. For example, as described in "Item 3. Legal Proceedings," in December 2023, one of our subsidiaries filed a lawsuit against certain reinsurers to recover in excess of $90 million in respect of certain losses under certain event cancellation insurance policies. In addition, we may be unable to renew our reinsurance coverages or obtain other appropriate reinsurance covers with respect to pandemic-related exposures. • Reduced economic activity relating to potential pandemics is likely to decrease demand for our insurance products. • Disruptions in global financial markets due to future pandemics could cause us to incur investment losses. • Our operations could be disrupted if our senior management or a significant percentage of our workforce or of our agents, brokers, suppliers or other service providers are unable to continue to work because of illness, government directives or otherwise. 28 Changing climate conditions may alter the frequency and increase the severity of catastrophic events and thereby adversely affect our financial condition and results. In recent years, changing weather patterns and climatic conditions, such as global warming, appear to have contributed to the unpredictability, frequency and severity of natural disasters and created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. There is a scientific consensus that global warming and other climate change are altering the frequency, severity and peril characteristics of catastrophic weather events, such as hurricanes, windstorms, floods, wildfires and other natural disasters. Such changes make it more difficult for us to predict and model catastrophic events, reducing our ability to accurately price our exposure to such events and mitigate our risks. Any increase in the frequency or severity of natural disasters may adversely affect our financial condition and results. We, as a primary insurer, may have significant exposure for terrorist acts. To the extent an act of terrorism, whether a domestic or foreign act, is certified by the Secretary of Treasury, we may be covered under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019 (“TRIPRA”), for up to 80% of our covered losses for certain property/casualty lines of insurance. However, any such coverage would be subject to a mandatory deductible based on 20% of earned premium for the prior year for the covered lines of commercial property and casualty insurance. Based on our 2024 earned premiums, our aggregate deductible under TRIPRA during 2025 is approximately $1,663 million. In addition, the coverage provided under TRIPRA does not apply to reinsurance that we write. To the extent that our reinsurers have excluded coverage for certain terrorist acts or have priced this coverage at rates that make purchasing such coverage economically infeasible, we may not have reinsurance protection and could be exposed to potential losses as a result of any acts of terrorism. We are exposed to, and may face adverse developments involving, mass tort claims. We are exposed to, and may face adverse developments involving, mass tort claims such as those relating to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances. We face potential exposure to mass tort claims, including claims related to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances, such as lead paint, polyfluoroalkyl substances, talc and opioids. Establishing loss reserves for mass tort claims is subject to uncertainties because of many factors, including adverse changes to the tort environment (e.g., increased and more aggressive attorney involvement in insurance claims, increased litigation, expanded theories of liability, higher jury awards, lawsuit abuse and third-party litigation finance, among others); evolving judicial interpretations, including application of various theories of joint and several liabilities; disputes concerning medical causation with respect to certain diseases; geographical concentration of the lawsuits asserting the claims; and the potential for a large rise in the total number of claims without underlying epidemiological developments suggesting an increase in disease rates. Because of the uncertainties set forth above, additional liabilities may arise for amounts in excess of the current loss reserves. In addition, our estimate of loss reserves may change. These additional liabilities or increases in estimates, or a range of either, could vary significantly from period to period and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and/or our financial position. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation, which increases our costs and could restrict the conduct of our business. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation and supervision in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Most insurance regulations are designed to protect the interests of policyholders rather than stockholders and other investors. This system of regulation, generally administered in the United States by a department of insurance in each state in which we do business, relates to, among other things: • standards of solvency, including risk-based capital measurements; • restrictions on the nature, quality and concentration of investments; • limitations on the amount of dividends, tax distributions, intercompany loans and other payments that can be made without prior regulatory approval; • requirements pertaining to certain methods of accounting; • evaluating enterprise risk to an insurer; • privacy, data protection, cybersecurity and artificial intelligence; • rate and form regulation pertaining to certain of our insurance businesses; • potential assessments for the provision of funds necessary for the settlement of covered claims under certain policies provided by impaired, insolvent or failed insurance companies; and 29 • involvement in the payment or adjudication of catastrophe or other claims beyond the terms of the policies. State insurance departments conduct periodic examinations of the affairs of insurance companies and require the filing of annual and other reports relating to the financial condition of insurance companies, holding company issues and other matters. Our Insurance business internationally is also generally subject to a similar regulatory scheme in each of the jurisdictions where we conduct operations outside the United States. Federal financial services modernization legislation and legislative and regulatory initiatives taken or which may be taken in response to conditions in the financial markets, global insurance supervision and other factors may lead to additional federal regulation of the insurance industry in the coming years. The Dodd-Frank Act effected sweeping changes to financial services regulation in the United States. The Dodd-Frank Act established the FSOC, which is authorized to recommend that certain systemically significant non-bank financial companies, including insurance companies, be regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve. The Dodd-Frank Act also established a FIO which is authorized to study, monitor and report to Congress on the U.S. insurance industry and the significance of global reinsurance to the U.S. insurance market. The FIO also can recommend that the FSOC designate an insurer as an entity posing risks to the United States financial stability in the event of the insurer's material financial distress or failure. Our business could be affected by changes, whether as a result of potential changes to the Dodd-Frank Act, to the U.S. system of insurance regulation or our designation or the designation of insurers or reinsurers with which we do business as systemically significant non-bank financial companies. The topic of climate risk has come under increased scrutiny by the NAIC and insurance regulators. For instance, in New York, the NYDFS’s circular letter, which applies to our insurance subsidiaries licensed in New York, states that regulated insurers are expected to integrate financial risks related to climate change into their governance frameworks, risk management processes, business strategies and scenario analysis, and develop their approach to climate-related financial disclosure. The NYDFS also amended the regulation governing enterprise risk management, which applies to our insurance subsidiaries licensed in New York, that requires an insurance group's enterprise risk management function to address certain additional risks, including climate change risk. In addition, the FIO is assessing how the insurance sector may help mitigate climate- related risks and achieve national climate-related goals, and it released a report in June 2023 urging insurance regulators to adopt climate-related risk monitoring guidance. These measures may subject us to increased oversight at the state and federal level. State regulation is the primary form of regulation of insurance and reinsurance in the United States, although Congress has considered various proposals regarding federal regulation of insurance, in addition to the changes brought about by the Dodd-Frank Act, such as proposals for the creation of an optional federal charter for insurance companies. We may be subject to potentially increased federal oversight as a financial institution. In addition, the new U.S. administration and the volatile political environment increases the chance of other federal legislative and regulatory changes that could affect us in ways we cannot predict. With respect to international measures, Solvency II, the EU regime concerning the capital adequacy, risk management and regulatory reporting for insurers and reinsurers may affect our insurance businesses. As described in “International Regulation” above, the EU has recently amended certain provisions in Solvency II, which EU member states will implement in their domestic regulation over the next two years. In addition, despite the waiver of the Solvency II group capital requirements we received, any changes in the application of Solvency II (or any further amendments to Solvency II itself) may have the effect of increasing the capital requirements of our EU domiciled insurers. Additionally, our capital requirements and compliance requirements may be adversely affected if the European Commission does not deem the insurance regulatory regimes of the jurisdictions outside the EU in which we have insurance or reinsurance companies domiciled to be “equivalent” to Solvency II. Similar considerations apply to our U.K. subsidiaries, which are now subject to a separate U.K. prudential regime that derives from Solvency II. However, the two regimes, and their respective requirements, have begun to diverge due to both the EU’s recent amendments to Solvency II described above and the reforms to the U.K.’s domestic prudential regime (please see “International Regulation” above for more information). We therefore may be required to utilize additional resources to ensure compliance with the different rules in each regime. If our compliance with Solvency II, the U.K.’s prudential regime or any other regulatory regime is challenged, we may be subject to monetary or other penalties. In addition, in order to ensure compliance with applicable regulatory requirements or as a result of any investigation, including remediation efforts, we could be required to incur significant expenses and undertake additional work, which in turn may divert resources from our business. We may be unable to maintain all required licenses and approvals and our business may not fully comply with the 30 wide variety of applicable laws and regulations or the relevant authority's interpretation of the laws and regulations. Also, some regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses and approvals. If we do not have the requisite licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, the insurance regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or monetarily penalize us. Also, changes in the level of regulation of the insurance industry, whether federal, state or foreign, or changes in laws or regulations themselves or interpretations thereof by regulatory authorities, may further restrict the conduct of our business. Risks Relating to Our Business Our expanding international operations expose us to increased investment, political, legal/regulatory, and economic risks, including foreign currency and credit risk. Our expanding international operations in the United Kingdom, Continental Europe, South America, Canada, Mexico, Scandinavia, the Asia-Pacific region, South Africa and Australia expose us to increased investment, political, legal/regulatory, and economic risks, including foreign currency and credit risk. Changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies have had and could in the future have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our investments in non-U.S.-denominated assets are subject to fluctuations in non-U.S. securities and currency markets, and those markets can be volatile. Non-U.S. currency fluctuations also affect the value of any dividends paid by our non-U.S. subsidiaries to their parent companies in the U.S. We face additional risks as a result of our international operations which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition including: burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations and the associated risk and costs of non-compliance; exposure to undeveloped or evolving legal systems, which may result in unpredictable or inconsistent application of laws and regulations; exposure to commercial, political, legal or regulatory corruption; political, economic or other instability in countries in which we conduct business, including possible terrorist acts; the imposition of tariffs, trade barriers or other protectionist laws or business practices that favor local competition, increased costs and adverse effects on our business; changes to visa or immigration policies; diminished ability to enforce our contractual rights; potential increased risk of data breaches; differences in cultural environments; sociopolitical instability; social, political or economic instability resulting from climate change; changes in regulatory requirements, including changes in regulatory treatment of certain products or services; exposure to local economic conditions and its impact on our clients’ performance and creditworthiness; and restrictions on the repatriation of non-U.S. investments and earnings. Our U.K. business could be specifically adversely impacted by trade barriers between the EU and the U.K. following Brexit, which has reduced the level of trade between the two markets and the U.K.’s overall trade exports, thereby negatively affecting the attractiveness of the U.K. market. We may be unable to attract and retain key personnel and qualified employees. We depend on our ability to attract and retain key personnel, including our President and CEO, Executive Chairman, senior executive officers, presidents of our businesses, experienced underwriters and other skilled employees who are knowledgeable about our business. If the quality of our underwriting team and other personnel decreases, we may be unable to maintain our current competitive position in the specialized markets in which we operate, and be unable to expand our operations into new products and markets. We cannot guarantee that our reinsurers will pay in a timely fashion, if at all, and, as a result, we could experience losses. We purchase reinsurance by transferring part of the risk that we have assumed, known as ceding, to a reinsurance company in exchange for part of the premium we receive in connection with the risk. Although reinsurance makes the reinsurer contractually liable to us to the extent the risk is transferred or ceded to the reinsurer, it does not relieve us, the reinsured, of our liability to our policyholders. Our reinsurers may not pay the reinsurance recoverables that they owe to us or they may not pay such recoverables on a timely basis. This failure to pay or failure to pay on a timely basis may be due to factors such as whether reinsurers, their affiliates or certain indemnitors have the financial capacity and willingness to make payments under the terms of a reinsurance treaty or contract. Accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to our reinsurers, and if our reinsurers fail to pay us, our financial results would be adversely affected. Underwriting results and investment returns of some of our reinsurers may affect their future ability to pay claims. As of December 31, 2024, the amount due from our reinsurers was approximately $3,558 million, including amounts due from state funds and industry pools where it was intended that we would bear no risk. Certain of these amounts are secured by letters of credit or by funds held in trust on our behalf. We are subject to credit risk relating to our policyholders, independent agents and brokers. 31 In addition to exposure to credit risk related to our reinsurance recoverables and investment portfolio, we are exposed to credit risk in several other areas of our business, including credit risk relating to policyholders, independent agents and brokers. For example our policyholders, independent agents or brokers may not pay a part of or the full amount of premiums owed to us or our brokers or other third party claim administrators may not deliver amounts owed on claims under our insurance and reinsurance contracts for which we have provided funds. As credit risk is generally a function of the economy, we face a greater credit risk in an economic downturn. While we attempt to manage credit risks through underwriting guidelines, collateral requirements and other oversight mechanisms, our efforts may not be successful. For example, to reduce such credit risk, we require certain third parties to post collateral for some or all of their obligations to us. In cases where we receive pledged securities and the applicable counterparty is unable to honor its obligations, we may be exposed to credit risk on the securities pledged and/or the risk that our access to that collateral may be stayed as a result of bankruptcy. In cases where we receive letters of credit from banks as collateral and one of our counterparties is unable to honor its obligations, we are exposed to the credit risk of the banks that issued the letters of credit. We are rated by A.M. Best, Standard & Poor's, Moody's, and Fitch, and a decline in these ratings could affect our standing in the insurance industry and cause our sales and earnings to decrease. Ratings have become an increasingly important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. Certain of our insurance company subsidiaries are rated by A.M. Best, Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch. Our ratings are subject to periodic review, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our current or any future ratings, especially given that rating agencies may change their criteria or increase capital requirements for various rating levels. If our ratings are reduced from their current levels by A.M. Best, Standard & Poor's, Moody's or Fitch, our competitive position in the insurance industry could suffer and it would be more difficult for us to market our products. A ratings downgrade could also adversely limit our access to capital markets, which may increase the cost of debt. A significant downgrade could result in a substantial loss of business as policyholders move to other companies with higher financial strength ratings. If market conditions cause reinsurance to be more costly or unavailable, we may be required to bear increased risks or reduce the level of our underwriting commitments. As part of our overall risk and capacity management strategy, we purchase reinsurance for certain amounts of risk underwritten by our insurance company subsidiaries, especially catastrophe risks and those risks with relatively high policy limits. We also purchase reinsurance on risks underwritten by others which we reinsure. Market conditions beyond our control determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection we seek to purchase, which may affect the level of our business and profitability. Our reinsurance contracts are generally subject to annual renewal, and we may be unable to maintain our current reinsurance contracts or to obtain other reinsurance contracts in adequate amounts and at favorable rates. In addition, we may be unable to obtain reinsurance on terms acceptable to us relating to certain lines of business that we intend to begin writing. If we are unable to renew our expiring contracts or to obtain new reinsurance contracts, either our net exposures would increase or, if we are unwilling to bear an increase in net exposures, we would have to reduce the level of our underwriting commitments, especially catastrophe exposed risks. Depending on conditions in the financial markets and the general economy, we may be unable to raise debt or equity capital if needed. If conditions in the financial markets and the general economy are unfavorable, which may result from disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets, we may be unable to access debt or equity capital on acceptable terms if needed, which could have a negative impact on our ability to invest in our insurance company subsidiaries and/or to take advantage of opportunities to expand our business, such as the creation of new ventures and possible acquisitions, and inhibit our ability to refinance our existing indebtedness if we desire to do so, on terms acceptable to us. We may not find suitable new insurance ventures and acquisition candidates and even if we do, we may not successfully invest in such ventures or successfully integrate any such acquired companies. As part of our present strategy, we continue to evaluate the possible start-up of complementary businesses and acquisition transactions on an ongoing basis, and at any given time we may be engaged in discussions with respect to possible new ventures and acquisitions. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify suitable insurance ventures or acquisition targets, that such transactions will be financed and completed on acceptable terms or that our future start-up ventures or acquisitions will be successful. Our financial results could be adversely affected by acquired businesses not performing as projected, unforeseen liabilities, routine and unanticipated transaction-related charges, diversion of management time and resources to acquisition integration challenges or growth strategies, loss of key employees, challenges in integrating information technology systems of acquired companies with our own, amortization of expenses related to intangibles, charges 32 for impairment of long-term assets or goodwill and indemnification. The process of investing in new ventures or integrating any companies we do acquire may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. If our information technology, telecommunications or other computer systems become unavailable or unreliable, our ability to conduct our business could be negatively or severely impacted. Our business is highly dependent upon our employees' ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other computer systems could significantly impair our employees' ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. In the event of a disaster such as a natural catastrophe, terrorist attack or industrial accident, physical or electronic security breaches, such as breaches by computer hackers, the infection of our systems by a malicious computer virus, denial of service attack, or other cybersecurity incident, our systems could be inaccessible for an extended period of time. In addition, because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems and infrastructure beyond our control, we could experience service denials or failures of controls if demand for our service exceeds capacity or a third-party system or infrastructure fails or experiences an interruption. If our business continuity plans or system security does not sufficiently address such a business interruption, system failure or service denial, our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions could be significantly impaired and our business could be harmed. Failure to maintain the security of information technology systems and confidential data may expose us to liability . Although we have taken steps intended to protect our data and information technology systems and mitigate the risk of harm caused by cybersecurity incidents or breaches, no safeguards are perfect and any failure of these safeguards could cause a substantial disruption of our business operations, which could result in service interruptions, data security compromises, regulatory action, and other similar operational and legal issues, as well as substantial remediation and other costs. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other sensitive information, including personal information, in our computer systems and networks. Cybersecurity breaches, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, malware, attacks by hackers, ransomware attacks, phishing attacks, supply chain attacks, breaches due to employee error or misconduct and other similar breaches can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized access to, or disclosure of, information maintained in our information technology systems and in the information technology systems of our vendors and other third parties. We have in the past experienced cybersecurity incidents affecting our information technology systems as well as the information technology systems of our vendors and other third parties, but, to our knowledge, we have not experienced any material cybersecurity breaches. We expect cybersecurity threats to continue to occur in the future and we are constantly managing efforts to infiltrate and compromise our systems and data. Our electronic transmission of personal, confidential and proprietary information to third parties with whom we have business relationships and our outsourcing of certain technology and business process functions to third parties may expose us to enhanced risk related to data security. While we have implemented secure data transmission capabilities with these third-party vendors and others with whom we do business, such capabilities may not function as intended and our vendors and third parties could still suffer data breaches that could result in the exposure of sensitive data and the infiltration of our computer systems. Our failure to effectively protect sensitive personal and/or proprietary information, whether owing to breaches of our own systems or those of our vendors and other third parties, could result in significant monetary and reputational damages, material adverse effects to our financial condition, costly litigation, or other regulatory enforcement actions. These increased risks, and expanding regulatory requirements regarding data security, including required compliance with applicable privacy and data protection laws (e.g., the GDPR, CCPA, and other state-specific privacy statutes and regulations), could expose us to data loss, monetary and reputational damages and significant increases in compliance costs. As a result, our ability to conduct our business could be materially and adversely affected. Use of artificial intelligence technologies by us or third-parties on which we rely could expose us to technological, security, legal, and other risks. Products or services offered that develop or adopt artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies, including generative AI and machine learning, offer potential benefits (e.g., with respect to efficiency) but likewise may raise technological, security, legal and other risks and challenges that may adversely affect our operations, business, or reputation. Such risks include the misuse, inadvertent or otherwise, of personal data or other sensitive, confidential or proprietary information; flaws in our models or training datasets resulting in biased, inaccurate or unanticipated outcomes; ethical considerations regarding the use and deployment of AI technologies; potential infringement of third-party intellectual property rights or the dilution of our intellectual property; and our ability to implement appropriate governance controls to ensure the ongoing, safe deployment of AI systems. AI technologies may be misused, and that risk is increased by the relative newness of the technology, the speed at which it is being adopted, and ongoing uncertainty with respect to the laws, regulations, and standards governing its 33 development and deployment federally, across states, and internationally. Such misuse, and a realization of the previously mentioned risks, could negatively impact our reputation, financial condition and results of operations, the demand for our products and services, otherwise cause competitive harm, and/or draw adverse legal and regulatory scrutiny. Moreover, because some AI technologies are relatively new, such as generative AI, many of the potential risks regarding their use are currently unknown. We could be adversely affected if our controls to ensure compliance with guidelines, policies and legal and regulatory standards are not effective. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to engage on a daily basis in a large number of insurance underwriting, claim processing and investment activities, many of which are highly complex. These activities often are subject to internal guidelines and policies, as well as legal and regulatory standards, including those related to privacy and data security, anti-corruption, anti-bribery and global finance and insurance matters. Our continued expansion into new international markets has brought about additional requirements. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. If our controls are not effective, it could lead to financial loss, unanticipated risk exposure (including underwriting, credit and investment risk), regulatory scrutiny, and/or damage to our reputation. Limitations in risk management and loss limitation methods may adversely impact our business. We seek to effectively manage risk and limit our losses in a variety of ways including through effective underwriting, tailoring policy terms, and the use of reinsurance. However, there are certain limitations in these and similar tactics and as a result, loss levels may be higher than modeled or otherwise expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Scrutiny of our social responsibility and the efforts we take to implement related measures, or the failure to take such measures, may adversely impact our business. There continues to be scrutiny from regulators and investors of the measures companies take to be socially responsible. Although we have made efforts to be responsible in this manner, for example through our commitment to fostering a unifying culture and encouraging innovation across our operating units, these types of pressures may nonetheless present challenges and have an adverse impact on our business. In addition, we may be subject to negative publicity based on a failure or perceived failure to achieve various social responsibility initiatives and goals relating to diversity, equity and inclusion, and commitment to long-term sustainability we may announce from time to time, or based on an actual or perceived increase in related risks as a result of our or our industry’s business activities. Risks Relating to Our Investments A significant amount of our assets is invested in fixed maturity securities and is subject to market fluctuations. Our investment portfolio consists substantially of fixed maturity securities. As of December 31, 2024, our investment in fixed maturity securities was approximately $22.4 billion, or 75.0% of our total investment portfolio including cash and cash equivalents. As of that date, our portfolio of fixed maturity securities consisted of the following types of securities: U.S. Government securities (10.0%); state and municipal securities (10.5%); corporate securities (37.6%); asset-backed securities (17.3%); mortgage-backed securities (16.8%) and foreign government (7.8%). The fair value of these assets and the investment income from these assets fluctuate depending on general economic and market conditions. The fair value of fixed maturity securities generally decreases as interest rates rise. If a significant increase in interest rates were to occur, the fair value of our fixed maturity securities would be negatively impacted, while investment income earned from future investments in fixed maturity securities would be higher. Conversely, if interest rates decline, the fair value of our fixed maturity securities would be positively impacted, and investment income earned from future investments in fixed maturity securities will be lower. Some fixed maturity securities, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities, also carry prepayment risk as a result of interest rate fluctuations. In low interest rate environments, we may not be able to successfully reinvest the proceeds from maturing securities at yields commensurate with our target performance goals. The value of investments in fixed maturity securities is subject to impairment as a result of deterioration in the credit worthiness of the issuer, default by the issuer (including states and municipalities) in the performance of its obligations in respect of the securities and/or increases in market interest rates. To a large degree, the credit risk we face is a function of the economy; accordingly, we face a greater risk in an economic downturn or recession. During periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities, particularly if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. There may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid 34 due to the then current financial environment. In such cases, the valuation of a greater number of our securities may require additional subjectivity and management judgment. Although the historical rates of default on state and municipal securities have been relatively low, our state and municipal fixed maturity securities could be subject to a higher risk of default or impairment due to declining municipal tax bases and revenue. Many states and municipalities operate under deficits or projected deficits, the severity and duration of which could have an adverse impact on both the valuation of our state and municipal fixed maturity securities and the issuer's ability to perform its obligations thereunder. Additionally, our investments are subject to losses as a result of a general decrease in commercial and economic activity for an industry sector in which we invest, as well as risks inherent in particular securities. Although we attempt to manage these risks through the use of investment guidelines and other oversight mechanisms and by diversifying our portfolio and emphasizing preservation of principal, our efforts may not be successful. Impairments, defaults and/or rate increases could reduce our net investment income or realized and unrealized investment gains or result in investment losses. Investment returns are currently, and will likely continue to be, impacted by economic uncertainty, more generally, and the shape of the yield curve. As a result, our exposure to the risks described above could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. We have invested a portion of our assets in equity securities, merger arbitrage securities, investment funds, private equity, loans and real estate related assets, which are subject to significant volatility and may decline in value. We invest a portion of our investment portfolio in equity securities, merger arbitrage securities, investment funds, private equity, loans and real estate related assets. At December 31, 2024, our investment in these assets was approximately $5.5 billion, or 18.4%, of our investment portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents. Merger and arbitrage trading securities were $1.1 billion, or 3.8% of our investment portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2024. Merger arbitrage involves investing in the securities of publicly held companies that are the targets in announced tender offers and mergers. Merger arbitrage differs from other types of investments in its focus on transactions and events believed likely to bring about a change in value over a relatively short time period, usually four months or less. Our merger arbitrage positions are exposed to the risk associated with the completion of announced deals, which are subject to regulatory as well as political and other risks. Real estate related investments, including directly owned, investment funds and loans receivable, were $1.9 billion, or 6.3% of our investment portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents, at December 31, 2024. We also invest in real estate, financial services, energy, transportation and other investment funds. The values of these investments are subject to fluctuation based on changes in the economy and interest rates in general and the related asset valuations in particular. In addition, our investments in real estate related assets and other alternative investments are less liquid than our other investments. These investments are subject to significant volatility as a result of the conditions in the financial and commodity markets and the global economy. Risks Relating to Limitations on Dividends from Subsidiaries and Anti-Takeover Provisions We are an insurance holding company and, therefore, may not be able to receive dividends in needed amounts. As an insurance holding company, our principal assets are the shares of capital stock of our insurance company subsidiaries. We have to rely on dividends from our insurance company subsidiaries to meet our obligations for paying principal and interest on outstanding debt obligations, paying dividends to stockholders and repurchasing our shares and paying corporate expenses. The payment of dividends by our insurance company subsidiaries is subject to regulatory restrictions and competitive pressures on maintaining financial strength ratings and will depend on the surplus and future earnings of these subsidiaries. During 2025, the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid without regulatory approval is approximately $1.6 billion. Future regulatory actions could further restrict our insurance subsidiaries’ ability to pay us dividends. As a result, in the future we may not be able to receive dividends from these subsidiaries at times and in amounts necessary to meet our obligations, pay dividends or repurchase shares. Laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we conduct business could delay, deter or prevent an attempt to acquire control of us that stockholders might consider to be desirable, and may restrict a stockholder's ability to purchase our common stock. Generally, United States insurance holding company laws require that, before a person can acquire control of an insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance regulatory authority in the state in which that insurance company is domiciled. Pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, “control” over an insurer is generally presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10% or more of 35 the voting securities of that insurer or any parent company of such insurer. Indirect ownership includes ownership of the shares of our common stock. Thus, the insurance regulatory authorities of the states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled are likely to apply these restrictions on acquisition of control to any proposed acquisition of our common stock. Some states require a person seeking to acquire control of an insurer licensed but not domiciled in that state to make a filing prior to completing an acquisition if the acquirer and its affiliates, on the one hand, and the target insurer and its affiliates, on the other hand, have specified market shares in the same lines of insurance in that state. Additionally, many foreign jurisdictions where we conduct business impose similar restrictions and requirements. These provisions can also lead to the imposition of conditions on an acquisition that could delay or prevent its consummation. These laws may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter or prevent a change in control of us through transactions, and in particular unsolicited transactions, that some or all of our stockholders might consider to be desirable. Certain provisions in our organizational documents may have the effect of hindering, delaying or preventing third party takeovers and thus may prevent our stockholders from receiving premium prices for their shares in an unsolicited takeover or make it more difficult for third parties to replace our current management. Provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws, as well as state insurance statutes, may hinder, delay or prevent unsolicited acquisitions or changes of our control. These provisions may also have the effect of making it more difficult for third parties to cause the replacement of our current management without the concurrence of our Board of Directors. These provisions include: • our classified board of directors and the ability of our board to increase its size and to appoint directors to fill newly created directorships; • the requirement that the holders of 80% of our shares must approve mergers and other transactions between us and the holder of 5% or more of our shares, unless the transaction was approved by our board of directors prior to such holder's acquisition of 5% of our shares; and • the need for advance notice in order to raise business or make nominations at stockholders' meetings. These provisions may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter or prevent a change in control of us through transactions, and in particular unsolicited transactions, that some or all of our stockholders might consider to be desirable. 