 A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. You should carefully consider such risks and uncertainties, together with the other information contained in this report and in our other public filings before investing in our common stock. If any of such risks and uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could differ materially from the plans, projections and other forward-looking statements included in the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” and elsewhere in this report and in our other public filings. In addition, if any of the following risks and uncertainties, or if any other risks and uncertainties, actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be harmed substantially, which could cause the market price of our stock to decline, perhaps significantly. Risk Factor Summary The following is a summary of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our business, financial condition or operating results to be harmed. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors contained in this report in their entirety for additional information regarding these risks and uncertainties. Risks Related to Our Business • We are unable to control many of the factors affecting consumer spending, and declines in consumer spending on home furnishings and kitchen products in general could reduce demand for our products. • If we are unable to identify and analyze factors affecting our business, anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends, and manage our inventory and marketing spend commensurate with customer demand, our sales levels and operating results may decline. • Our business and operating results may be harmed if we are unable to timely and effectively deliver merchandise to our stores and customers. • Our inability to successfully manage our order-taking and fulfillment operations could have a negative impact on our business and operating results . • We must protect and maintain our brand image and reputation. • Our sales may be negatively impacted by increasing competition from companies with brands or products similar to ours. • Our facilities and systems, as well as those of our suppliers, are vulnerable to natural disasters, adverse weather, climate change, technology issues and other unexpected events, any of which have resulted and could result in an interruption in our business and harm our operating results. • Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to our sustainability initiatives expose us to numerous risks, including risks to our reputation and stock price. • Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations that could expose us to numerous risks. • If we are unable to effectively manage our e-commerce business and digital marketing efforts, our reputation and operating results may be harmed. • Declines in our comparable brand revenues may harm our operating results and cause a decline in the market price of our common stock. • Our failure to successfully manage the costs and performance of our digital advertising might have a negative impact on our business. • If we are unable to successfully manage the complexities associated with an omni-channel and multi-brand business, we may suffer declines in our existing business and our ability to attract new business. • A number of factors that affect our ability to successfully open new stores or close existing stores are beyond our control. • If we are unable to protect against inventory shrink, loss of other assets and fraud, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. • Our inability or failure to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could negatively impact our business. • We outsource certain aspects of our business to third-party suppliers and are in the process of insourcing certain business functions from third-party suppliers. • If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, our business and operating results may be harmed. • If we are unable to introduce new brands and brand extensions successfully, or to reposition or close existing brands, our business and operating results may be negatively impacted. • We may be subject to legal proceedings that could result in costly litigation, require significant amounts of management time and result in the diversion of significant operational resources. 10 Table of Contents Risks Related to Technology • We are exposed to cybersecurity risks and costs associated with credit card fraud, identity theft and business interruption that could cause us to incur unexpected expenses and loss of revenue. • We receive, process, store, use and share data, some of which contains personal information, which subjects us to complex and evolving governmental regulation and other legal obligations. • We are undertaking certain systems changes that might disrupt our business operations. Risks Related to Our Suppliers and Our Global Operations • Our dependence on foreign suppliers and our increased global operations subject us to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could impact our operations and financial results. • We depend on foreign suppliers and third-party agents for timely and effective sourcing of our merchandise, and we may not be able to acquire products in appropriate quantities and at acceptable prices to meet our needs. • If our suppliers fail to adhere to our quality control standards and test protocols, we may delay a product launch or recall a product, which could damage our reputation and negatively affect our operations and financial results. • Our efforts to expand globally may not be successful and could negatively impact the value of our brands. • Our global operations present unique risks, and our inability to effectively manage the risks and challenges inherent in a global business could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition and growth prospects. Risks Related to Taxes and Tariffs • Any significant changes in tax, trade or other policies in the U.S. or other countries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. • Changes to tariffs could result in increased prices and/or costs of goods or delays in products received from our vendors and could adversely affect our results of operations. • Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility of our operating results. • Our business may be subject to evolving sales and other tax regimes in various jurisdictions, which may harm our business. Risks Related to Our Financial Statements and Liquidity • We may require funding from external sources, which may not be available at the levels we require, or may cost more than we expect, and, as a consequence, our expenses and operating results could be negatively affected. • Disruptions in the financial markets may adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources and our business. • Our operating results may be harmed by unsuccessful management of our employment, occupancy and other operating costs, and the operation and growth of our business may be harmed if we are unable to attract qualified personnel. General Risk Factors • Our inability to obtain commercial insurance at acceptable rates or our failure to adequately reserve for self-insured exposures might increase our expenses and have a negative impact on our business. • If our operating and financial performance in any given period does not meet the guidance that we have provided to the public or the expectations of our investors and analysts, our stock price may decline. • A variety of factors may cause our quarterly operating results to fluctuate, leading to volatility in our stock price. • If we are unable to pay quarterly dividends or repurchase our stock at intended levels, our reputation and stock price may be harmed. • If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired and our investors’ views of us could be harmed. • Changes to accounting rules or regulations may adversely affect our operating results. • In preparing our financial statements we make certain assumptions, judgments and estimates that affect the amounts reported, which, if not accurate, may impact our financial results. • Changes to estimates related to our cash flow projections may cause us to incur impairment charges related to our long-lived assets for our retail store locations and other property and equipment, including information technology systems. 11 Table of Contents Risks Related to our Business We are unable to control many of the factors affecting consumer spending, and declines in consumer spending on home furnishings and kitchen products in general could reduce demand for our products. Our business depends on consumer demand for our products and, consequently, is sensitive to a number of factors that influence consumer spending, including general economic conditions, inflationary pressures, consumer disposable income, fuel prices, recession and fears of recession, unemployment, war and fears of war, outbreaks of disease, adverse weather, availability of consumer credit, consumer debt levels, conditions in the housing market, elevated interest rates, sales tax rates and rate increases, consumer confidence in future economic and political conditions, and consumer perceptions of personal well-being and security. In particular, past economic downturns and inflationary pressures have led to decreased discretionary spending, which adversely impacted our business. An uncertain economic environment could also cause our suppliers to go out of business or our banks to discontinue lending to us or our suppliers, or it could cause us to undergo restructurings, any of which could adversely impact our business and operating results. In addition, periods of decreased home purchases, such as in the current environment, typically lead to decreased consumer spending on home products. These factors have affected, and may in the future affect, our various brands and channels differently. Adverse changes in factors affecting discretionary consumer spending or decreases in consumer spending on home products during periods of decreased home purchases, have reduced and may in the future reduce consumer demand for our products, thus reducing our sales and harming our business and operating results. Additionally, as we continue to grow our business-to-business division, which targets commercial businesses across a number of verticals, including commercial furniture and hospitality, we are exposed to risks related to changes in our business-to-business customers’ discretionary spending, the timing of their budget cycles and purchasing decisions, and payment schedules. Negative changes in factors affecting our business-to-business customers’ discretionary spending may decrease demand for our business-to-business services, which could reduce our sales and harm our business and operating results. If we are unable to identify and analyze factors affecting our business, anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends, and manage our inventory and marketing spend commensurate with customer demand, our sales levels and operating results may decline. Our success depends, in large part, upon our ability to identify and analyze factors affecting our business and to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing merchandise trends and customer demands in order to maintain and attract customers. For example, in the specialty home products business, style and color trends are constantly evolving. As a result, consumer preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and may change between selling seasons. We must be able to stay current with preferences and trends in our brands and address the customer tastes for each of our target customer demographics. Additionally, changes in customer preferences and buying trends may affect our brands differently. We must also be able to identify and adjust the offerings in each of our brands to cater to customer demands. For example, a change in customer preferences for children’s room furnishings may not correlate to a similar change in buying trends for other home furnishings. If we misjudge either the market for our merchandise or our customers’ purchasing habits, our sales may decline significantly or may be delayed while we work to fill related backorders. Alternatively, we may be required to mark down certain products to sell any excess inventory or to sell such inventory through our outlet or other liquidation channels at prices which are significantly lower than our retail prices, any of which would negatively impact our business and operating results. In addition, we must manage our inventory effectively and commensurate with customer demand. Much of our inventory is sourced from suppliers located outside of the U.S. Thus, we usually must order merchandise, and enter into contracts for the purchase and manufacturing of such merchandise, up to twelve months and generally multiple seasons in advance of the applicable selling season and frequently before trends are known. The extended lead times for many of our purchases may make it difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing trends. Our suppliers also may not have the capacity to handle our demands or may go out of business or have other delays in production in times of economic crisis. In addition, the seasonal nature of the specialty home products business requires us to carry a significant amount of inventory prior to our peak selling season. As a result, we are vulnerable to demand and pricing shifts and to misjudgments in the selection and timing of merchandise purchases. If we do not accurately predict our customers’ preferences and acceptance levels of our products, our inventory levels will not be appropriate, and our business and operating results may be negatively impacted. 12 Table of Contents Our business and operating results may be harmed if we are unable to timely and effectively deliver merchandise to our stores and customers. If we are unable to effectively manage our inventory levels and supply chain, including by predicting the appropriate levels and type of inventory to stock within each of our distribution facilities, our business and operating results may be harmed. A critical component of managing inventory levels is predictability of transit times from our global suppliers to our distribution centers. Factors such as labor disputes, union organizing activity, geopolitical instability, acts of terrorism, war, outbreaks of disease, adverse weather, natural disasters, and climate change can affect the global supply chain and disrupt our business. For example, instability in the Middle East is deterring commercial vessels from traveling through the Suez Canal, and as a result, vessels are now traveling around the Cape of Good Hope, South Africa, resulting in longer transit times and increased costs. Additionally, we have been, and may continue to be, affected by disruptions and delays in the shipping channels utilizing the Panama Canal. Increases in transit times as a result of disruptions in ocean transit may require adjustments to our inventory stocking strategy, which could lead to an increase in on-hand inventory and a resulting storage challenge. Additionally, as we continue with the regionalization of our retail and e-commerce fulfillment capabilities, we are dependent on our ability to effectively locate appropriate real estate for our distribution centers and continually ensure their ability to meet our fulfillment needs. We have invested capital into the acquisition of real estate leases for, and the development of technology and efficiencies at, our distribution centers. If disruptions in the operation of our distribution centers arise, or the technologies and efficiencies that we have invested in do not perform as anticipated, the results of our business could be negatively impacted. Further, we cannot control all the various factors that might affect our e-commerce fulfillment rates and timely and effective merchandise delivery to our stores and customers. We rely upon third-party carriers for our merchandise shipments and reliable data regarding the timing of those shipments, including shipments to our customers and to and from our stores. In addition, we are heavily dependent upon certain carriers for the delivery of our merchandise to our customers. As a result of our dependence on all of these third-party providers, we are subject to risks, including labor disputes, union organizing activity, fluctuations in fuel costs, increases in regulatory burden, adverse weather, natural disasters, climate change, the closure of such carriers’ offices or a reduction in operational hours due to an economic slowdown or the inability to sufficiently ramp up operational hours during an economic recovery or upturn, availability of adequate trucking or railway providers, the potential for railway and port worker strikes, possible acts of terrorism, war, outbreaks of disease or other factors affecting such carriers’ ability to provide delivery services to meet our shipping needs. Further, we have experienced, and may continue to experience increased costs and restricted capacity from our third-party shipping providers and shortages of raw materials used to make our products and increased costs associated with our packaging. Failure to deliver merchandise in a timely and effective manner could cause customers to cancel their orders and could damage our reputation and brands. In addition, fuel costs have been volatile and vessel operating companies and other transportation companies continue to struggle to operate profitably, which could lead to increased fulfillment expenses. Any rise in fulfillment expenses could negatively affect our business and operating results. Our inability to successfully manage our order-taking and fulfillment operations could have a negative impact on our business and operating results. Our e-commerce business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain efficient and uninterrupted order-taking and fulfillment operations in our distribution facilities, our customer care centers and on our e-commerce websites. Disruptions or slowdowns in these areas could result from disruptions in telephone or network services, power outages, inadequate system capacity, system hardware or software issues, computer viruses, security breaches, human error, changes in programming, union organizing activity, insufficient or inadequate labor to fulfill the orders, disruptions in our third-party labor contracts, inefficiencies due to inventory levels and limited distribution facility space, issues with third-party order fulfillment and drop shipping, natural disasters, adverse weather, climate change, outbreaks of disease and war or acts of terrorism. Industries that are particularly seasonal, such as the home furnishings business, face a higher risk of harm from operational disruptions during peak sales seasons. These problems could result in a reduction in sales as well as increased expenses. In addition, we face the risk that we cannot hire enough qualified associates to support our e-commerce operations, or that there will be a disruption in the workforce we engage from our third-party providers, especially during our 13 Table of Contents peak season. The need to operate with fewer associates could negatively impact our customer service levels and our operations. We must protect and maintain our brand image and reputation. Our brands have wide recognition, and our success has been due in large part to our ability to maintain, enhance and protect our brand image and reputation and our customers’ connection to our brands. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment, including our reliance on social media and online advertising campaigns. Even if we react appropriately to negative posts or comments about us and/or our brands on social media and online, our customers’ perception of our brand image and our reputation could be negatively impacted. Additionally, as we continue to expand our utilization of collaborations with brands and individuals, our reputation could be negatively impacted by the actions of our collaborative partners and any related public responses. In addition, customer sentiment could be shaped by our corporate and supply chain policies and related design, sourcing and operations decisions. Failure to maintain, enhance and protect our brand image could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our sales may be negatively impacted by increasing competition from companies with brands or products similar to ours. The specialty e-commerce and retail businesses are highly competitive. We compete with other retailers that market lines of merchandise similar to ours. We compete with national, regional and local businesses that utilize a similar retail store strategy, as well as traditional furniture stores, department stores, direct-to-consumer businesses, and specialty stores. The continued sales growth in the e-commerce industry has encouraged the entry of many new competitors, including discount retailers selling similar products at reduced prices and new business models, as well as an increase in competition from established companies, many of whom are willing to spend significant funds and/or reduce pricing to gain market share. The competitive challenges facing us include: • anticipating and quickly responding to changing consumer demands or preferences and doing so better than our competitors; • maintaining favorable brand recognition and achieving customer perception of value; • marketing and competitively pricing our products to consumers; • controlling and managing our costs, including advertising spend; • managing increasingly competitive promotional activity; • effectively attracting new customers and retaining existing customers; • developing new innovative shopping experiences, like mobile applications and augmented reality capabilities, that effectively engage today’s digital customers; • smartly leveraging artificial intelligence ("AI") and machine learning to enhance the customer experience and streamline processes; • developing innovative, high-quality products in colors and styles that appeal to consumers of varying age groups, tastes and regions, and in ways that favorably distinguish us from our competitors; and • effectively managing our supply chain and distribution strategies in order to provide our products to our customers on a timely basis and minimize out-of-market and multiple shipments, accommodations, returns, replacements and damaged products. In light of the many competitive challenges facing us, we may not be able to compete successfully. Increased competition could reduce our sales and harm our operating results and business. Our facilities and systems, as well as those of our suppliers, are vulnerable to natural disasters, adverse weather, climate change, technology issues and other unexpected events, any of which have resulted and could result in an interruption in our business and harm our operating results. Our retail stores, corporate offices, distribution and manufacturing facilities, customer care centers, infrastructure and e-commerce operations, as well as the operations of our suppliers from which we receive goods and services, are vulnerable to damage from earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, fires, floods or other volatile weather, climate change, power losses, government-mandated shutdowns, telecommunications failures, hardware and software failures, computer hacking, cybersecurity breaches, computer viruses and similar events. If any of these events result 14 Table of Contents in damage to our facilities or systems, or those of our suppliers, we may experience interruptions in our business until the damage is repaired, resulting in the potential loss of customers and revenues. In addition, we may incur costs in repairing any damage beyond our applicable insurance coverage. Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to our sustainability initiatives expose us to numerous risks, including risks to our reputation and stock price. There has been increased focus from our stakeholders, including consumers, associates and investors, on our sustainability initiatives, including our publicly stated goals. These statements reflect our current plans and aspirations, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to achieve them. Our efforts to accomplish and accurately report on these goals present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks, any of which could have a material negative impact, including on our reputation, stock price and results of operations. We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to make progress, monitor and track our performance with respect to our goals. The standards for tracking and reporting on sustainability matters are relatively new and continue to evolve. Collecting, measuring and reporting such information and metrics can be difficult and time consuming and may require us to rely on data from third parties, such as suppliers, who may not reliably or accurately track or record such data. Our selected disclosure framework or standards may need to be changed from time to time, which may result in a lack of consistent or meaningful comparative data from period to period. In addition, our interpretation of reporting frameworks or standards may differ from those of others and such frameworks or standards may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. Our ability to achieve any sustainability goal is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control, including: (i) the availability and cost of renewable energy sources and technologies, (ii) evolving regulatory requirements affecting sustainability standards or disclosures, (iii) the availability of suppliers that can meet our standards, and (iv) the availability and cost of raw materials that meet and further our goals. If our practices do not meet evolving consumer, associate, investor, regulatory body or other stakeholder expectations and standards, our results and reputation could be negatively impacted. Further, if we do not make progress against our own goals, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain associates and our competitiveness, including as an investment and a business partner, could be negatively impacted. Our failure, or perceived failure, to pursue or fulfill our goals or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could also expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation. Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations that could expose us to numerous risks. We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of federal, state and local governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by U.S. federal and state legislatures, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. For example, compliance with California's recently adopted climate-related reporting requirements, and similar proposals by state regulators and other international regulatory bodies, could be costly, difficult and time consuming, especially as reporting standards are still evolving. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. If we are unable to effectively manage our e-commerce business and digital marketing efforts, our reputation and operating results may be harmed. Approximately 66% of our net revenues were generated by e-commerce sales in fiscal 2024. The success of our e-commerce business depends, in part, on third parties and factors over which we have limited control. We must continually respond to changing consumer preferences and buying trends relating to e-commerce usage, including an emphasis on mobile e-commerce. Our success in e-commerce has been strengthened in part by our ability to leverage the information we have on our customers to infer customer interests and affinities such that we can personalize the experience they have with us. We also utilize digital advertising to reach internet and app users 15 Table of Contents whose behavior indicates they might be interested in our products. Current or future legislation or changes to other corporations' policies may reduce or restrict our ability to use these techniques, which could reduce the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. We are also vulnerable to certain additional risks and uncertainties associated with our e-commerce and mobile websites, apps and digital marketing efforts, including: changes in required technology interfaces; website downtime and other technical failures; internet connectivity issues; costs and technical issues as we upgrade our website software; computer viruses; cyberattacks; human error; supplier reliability; changes in applicable international, federal and state regulations, such as the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), and related compliance costs; security breaches; and consumer privacy concerns. We must keep up to date with competitive technology trends and opportunities that are emerging throughout the retail environment, including the use of new or improved technology (such as AI), evolving creative user interfaces and other e-commerce marketing changes as it relates to paid search, re-targeting, loyalty programs, paid social advertising and the proliferation of mobile usage, among others. While we endeavor to predict and invest in technology that is most relevant and beneficial to our company, our initiatives may not prove to be successful, may increase our costs or may not succeed in driving sales or attracting customers. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties might adversely affect the sales or margin in our e-commerce business, require us to impair certain assets and damage our reputation and brands. Declines in our comparable brand revenues may harm our operating results and cause a decline in the market price of our common stock. Various factors affect comparable brand revenues, including: our e-commerce business; the sales mix among our distribution channels; the number, size and location of stores we open, close, remodel or expand in any period; the overall economic and general retail sales environment; consumer preferences and buying trends; our ability to efficiently source and distribute products; changes in our merchandise mix; competition (including competitive promotional activity and discount retailers); current local and global economic conditions; the timing of our releases of new merchandise and promotional events; the success of our marketing programs; the cannibalization of existing store sales by our new stores; shifts in catalog circulation; and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Among other things, weather conditions have affected, and may continue to affect, comparable brand revenues by limiting our ability to deliver our products to our stores, altering consumer behavior, or requiring us to close certain stores temporarily, thus reducing store traffic. Even if stores are not closed, many customers may decide to avoid going to stores in bad weather. These factors have caused, and may continue to cause, our comparable brand revenue results to differ materially from prior periods and from earnings guidance we have provided. For example, the overall economic and general retail sales environment, as well as local and global economic conditions, has recently caused and could continue to cause a decline in our comparable brand revenue results. In addition, public health conditions or other unforeseen events, could affect our ability to deliver our products to our customers and stores, alter consumer behavior, or require us to close certain stores temporarily or reduce customer capacity within certain stores temporarily, thus reducing store traffic and materially impacting our comparable brand revenues. Our comparable brand revenues have recently fluctuated on an annual, quarterly and monthly basis, and we expect that comparable brand revenues will continue to fluctuate in the future. In addition, past comparable brand revenues are not necessarily an indication of future results and comparable brand revenues may decrease in the future. Our ability to improve our comparable brand revenue results depends, in large part, on maintaining and improving our forecasting of customer demand and buying trends, selecting effective marketing techniques (including digital advertising), effectively driving traffic to our stores, e-commerce websites and direct-mail catalogs through marketing and various promotional events, providing an appropriate mix of merchandise for our broad and diverse customer base and using effective pricing strategies. Any failure to meet the comparable brand revenue expectations of investors and securities analysts in one or more future periods could significantly reduce the market price of our common stock. Our failure to successfully manage the costs and performance of our digital advertising might have a negative impact on our business. We use digital advertising to drive sales and traffic to our e-commerce sites. Competition and available inventory affect the price we pay when we buy ads and these dynamic costs could impact the efficiency of our spend. Additionally, we have historically experienced fluctuations in our customers’ response to our marketing. Customer 16 Table of Contents response to our advertisements is substantially dependent on merchandise assortment, availability and creative presentation, as well as the general retail sales environment, current domestic and global economic conditions and competition. In addition, if we misjudge the correlation between our advertising spend and net sales, if we mismanage budgets or if our strategy overall does not continue to be successful, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. If we are unable to successfully manage the complexities associated with an omni-channel and multi-brand business, we may suffer declines in our existing business and our ability to attract new business. With the expansion of our e-commerce business and business-to-business division, and the development and acquisition of new brands and brand extensions, our overall business has become substantially more complex. The changes in our business have forced us to develop new expertise and face new challenges, risks and uncertainties. For example, we face the risk that our e-commerce business might cannibalize a portion of our retail sales or our newer brands, brand extensions and products may result in a decrease in sales of existing brands and products. While we recognize that our e-commerce sales and sales from new brands and products cannot be entirely incremental to sales through our retail channel or from existing brands and products, respectively, we seek to attract as many new customers as possible with the most relevant channels, brands and products to meet customer needs and grow our market share. As it relates to our business-to-business division, we are exposed to new complexities regarding size and scale of contracts, as well as the extended contracting timeline and potential limited customer base, and the procurement of sufficient quantities of commercial-grade products. Additionally, as our business-to-business division is dependent on our customer's business models and their ability to obtain appropriate levels of financing, we face new complexities in managing the impacts of such activities. We continually analyze the business results of our channels, brands and products in an effort to find opportunities to build incremental sales. A number of factors that affect our ability to successfully open new stores or close existing stores are beyond our control. Approximately 34% of our net revenues were generated by our retail stores in fiscal 2024. Our ability to open additional stores or close existing stores successfully will depend upon a number of factors, including: • general economic conditions; • our identification of, and the availability of, suitable store locations; • our success in negotiating new leases and amending, subleasing or terminating existing leases on acceptable terms; • the success of other retail stores in and around our retail locations; • our ability to secure required governmental permits and approvals; • the availability and cost of building materials needed for store construction and maintenance; • our hiring and training of skilled store operating personnel, especially management; • the unionization, or potential for unionization, of store personnel; • the availability of financing on acceptable terms, if at all; and • the financial stability of our landlords and potential landlords. Many of these factors are beyond our control. For example, for the purpose of identifying suitable store locations, we rely, in part, on demographic data regarding the location of consumers in our target market segments. While we believe that this data and other relevant information are helpful indicators of suitable store locations, we recognize that these information sources cannot predict future consumer preferences and buying trends with complete accuracy. In addition, changes in demographics, in consumer shopping patterns, such as a reduction in mall traffic, in the types of merchandise that we sell and in the pricing of our products, may reduce the number of suitable store locations or cause formerly suitable locations to become less desirable. Further, time frames for lease negotiations and store development vary from location to location and can be subject to unforeseen delays or unexpected cancellations. We may experience delays in opening new store locations or remodeling existing locations due to the uncertain availability and increased costs of building materials necessary to remodel and improve our stores, as well as delays in receiving required permits from local governments. We may not be able to open new stores or, if opened, operate those stores profitably. Construction and other delays in store openings could have a negative impact on our business and operating results. Additionally, we may not be able to renegotiate the terms of our current leases or close our underperforming stores on terms favorable to us, any of which could negatively impact 17 Table of Contents our operating results. Our typical methods of managing these risks and uncertainties may not be sufficient, and as a result, our business and operating results could be negatively impacted. If we are unable to protect against inventory shrink, loss of other assets and fraud, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Risk of loss or theft of assets, including loss of inventory (also called shrink), is inherent in the retail business. We have historically experienced loss of assets and inventory shrink due to damage, errors or misconduct by associates or third parties, theft, fraud, organized retail crime, transaction processing errors, changes in our technology systems, our use of estimates in preparing financial statements and other causes, which may be further impacted by macroeconomic factors, including the enforcement environment. Our inability to effectively prevent and/or minimize the loss of assets and inventory shrink, or to effectively reduce, or to accurately predict and accrue for the impact of those losses, could adversely affect our financial performance. Our inability or failure to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could negatively impact our business. We may not be able to effectively protect or enforce our intellectual property rights in the U.S. or in foreign jurisdictions, particularly as we continue to expand our business offerings and geographic reach. The laws of certain countries may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, trade dress rights, trade secrets, domain names, patents, designs, proprietary technology and other intellectual property are valuable assets that are critical to our success. The unauthorized reproduction, theft or other misappropriation of our intellectual property could diminish the value of our brands or reputation and cause a decline in our sales. Protection of our intellectual property rights and maintenance of our distinct branding are particularly important as they distinguish our products and services from our competitors. The actions we take to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to prevent imitation of our brands and products by others, particularly in jurisdictions that do not have strong intellectual property protection. In addition, the costs of protecting and policing our intellectual property assets may adversely affect our operating results. Advances in generative AI technology may reduce barriers to competition, as well as enable anti-competitive behavior which existing intellectual property laws may not adequately address and also make it easier for infringers to violate our intellectual property rights. We outsource certain aspects of our business to third-party suppliers and are in the process of insourcing certain business functions from third-party suppliers. We outsource certain aspects of our business to third-party suppliers that subject us to risks of disruptions in our business as well as increased costs. For example, we utilize outside suppliers for such things as payroll processing, email and other digital marketing and various distribution facilities and delivery services. In some cases, we rely on a single supplier for such services. Accordingly, we are subject to the risks associated with their ability to successfully provide the necessary services to meet our needs. If our suppliers are unable to adequately protect our data and information is lost, our ability to deliver our services is interrupted, our suppliers’ fees are higher than expected or our suppliers make mistakes in the execution of operations support, then our business and operating results may be negatively impacted. In addition, in the past, we have insourced certain aspects of our business, including certain technology services and the management of certain furniture manufacturing and delivery, each of which was previously outsourced to third-party providers. We may also need to continue to insource other aspects of our business in the future in order to control our costs and to stay competitive. This may cause disruptions in our business and result in increased cost to us. In addition, if we encounter implementation or usage problems with these insourced aspects of our business, or if they do not operate as intended, are unable to perform these functions better than, or at least as well as, our third-party providers, or fail to integrate properly with our other systems, then our business, results of operations, and internal controls over financial reporting may be adversely affected. If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, our business and operating results may be harmed. Our future success depends to a significant degree on the skills, experience and efforts of our people. Retention of our key personnel, especially in senior or specialized management roles, whose vision for our company, knowledge of our business and expertise would be difficult to replace, is a priority. If any one of our key associates leaves, is 18 Table of Contents seriously injured or unable to work, or fails to perform and we are unable to find a qualified replacement either internally or externally, we may be unable to execute our business strategy. We may not be successful in recruiting, retaining and motivating skilled personnel domestically or globally who have the requisite experience to achieve our business goals, and failure to do so may harm our business. Further, in the event we need to hire additional personnel, we may experience difficulties in attracting and successfully hiring such individuals due to competition for highly skilled personnel, increasing wages throughout the U.S., as well as the significantly higher cost of living expenses in our markets. Additionally, we may experience reputational harm should current or former associates post negative comments about us online or on social media sites, which may impact our ability to recruit or retain talent. If we are unable to introduce new brands and brand extensions successfully, or to reposition or close existing brands, our business and operating results may be negatively impacted. We have in the past and may in the future introduce new brands and brand extensions, reposition brands, close existing brands or acquire new brands, especially as we continue to expand globally. For example, in 2023 we launched our newest brand, GreenRow. Any new brands, including GreenRow, brand extensions or expansion into new lines of business may not perform as expected. The work involved with integrating new brands or businesses into our existing systems and operations could be time-consuming, require significant amounts of management time and result in the diversion of substantial operational resources. Further, if we devote time and resources to new brands, acquired brands, brand extensions, brand repositioning or new lines of business and those businesses are not as successful as we planned, then we risk damaging our overall business results or incurring impairment charges, including to write off any existing property and equipment, goodwill or intangible assets associated with previously acquired brands. As a result, we may not be able to introduce new brands in a manner that improves our overall business and/or operating results and may therefore be forced to close the brands or new lines of business, which may damage our reputation and/or negatively impact our operating results. We may be subject to legal proceedings that could result in costly litigation, require significant amounts of management time and result in the diversion of significant operational resources. We are involved in lawsuits, claims and proceedings incident to the ordinary course of our business. Litigation is inherently unpredictable. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could result in costly litigation, require significant amounts of management time and result in the diversion of significant operational resources. There has been a rise in the number of lawsuits against companies like us regarding consumer protection, deceptive or false advertising, data breach and e-commerce-related patent infringement. From time to time, we have been subject to these types of lawsuits and are currently the subject of some of these types of lawsuits. The cost of defending against these types of claims or the ultimate resolution of any such claims against us, whether by settlement or adverse court decision, may harm our business and operating results. In addition, the increasingly regulated business environment may result in a greater number of enforcement actions by government agencies and private litigation. This could subject us to increased exposure to stockholder lawsuits and potential penalties related to regulatory inquiries. Additionally, in recent years there has been an increase in the number of employment claims and, in particular, discrimination and harassment claims. Coupled with social media platforms and similar devices that allow individuals access to a broad audience, these claims have had a significant negative impact on some businesses. Certain companies that have faced employment or harassment-related lawsuits have had to terminate management or other key personnel and have suffered reputational harm that has negatively impacted their business. Risks Related to Technology We are exposed to cybersecurity risks and costs associated with credit card fraud, identity theft and business interruption that could cause us to incur unexpected expenses and loss of revenue. A significant portion of our customer orders are placed through our e-commerce websites or through our customer care centers. In addition, a significant portion of sales made through our retail channel require the collection of certain customer data, such as credit card information. In order for our sales channels to function successfully, we, our supply chain, our banking and authorizations partners, and other parties involved in processing customer transactions must function securely, including transmitting confidential information, such as credit card information and other personal information of our customers, securely over public and private networks. Third parties may have or develop the technology or knowledge to breach, disable, disrupt, gain unauthorized access to or interfere with our 19 Table of Contents systems or processes or those of our suppliers. Similar to many other retail companies and because of the prominence of our brand, we have in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, cyber attacks, including phishing, and other attempts to breach or gain unauthorized access to our system and databases. To date, these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations, but we cannot provide assurance that they will not have an impact in the future. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to systems change frequently and are not often recognized until after they have been launched. In addition, the recent surge of AI technology creates an additional level of security, privacy and legal risk to the Company. We have implemented a variety of security measures designed to minimize or prevent these attacks, but they vary in maturity and may not be sufficient to fully address the dynamic and evolving nature of cyber-criminal activity. Any person who circumvents our security measures could destroy or steal valuable information or disrupt our operations. Any security breach or vulnerability that is discovered could cause consumers to lose confidence in the security of our information systems, including our e-commerce websites or stores, and choose not to purchase from us. Any security breach could also expose us to risks of data loss, litigation, regulatory investigations and other significant liabilities. Such a breach could also seriously disrupt, slow or hinder our operations and harm our reputation and customer relationships, any of which could harm our business. If we or our third-party providers are the target of a cyber attack, we may also be required to undertake costly notification procedures and publicly disclose details of the attack via a current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. If we fail to implement appropriate safeguards, detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some data privacy laws, or otherwise comply with these laws, we could be subject to potential fines, claims for damages and other remedies, which could be significantly in excess of our insurance coverage and could harm our business. We receive, process, store, use and share data, some of which contains personal information, which subjects us to complex and evolving governmental regulation and other legal obligations. We receive, process, store, use and share data, some of which contains personal information. There are numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations regarding matters central to our business, data privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other data from customers, associates and business partners, the scope of which are regularly changing, subject to uncertain and differing interpretations and may be inconsistent among countries or conflict with other rules. For example, we are subject to the GDPR in the European Union and United Kingdom, the Canadian Consumer Privacy Protection Act in Canada (“CPPA”), and similar laws in other foreign countries. In addition, in November 2020, the CPRA was passed in the general election and amended the CCPA as of January 1, 2023, imposing new, and potentially broader, consumer privacy rights on businesses, including ours. Last year, other states, including Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey and Rhode Island passed similar laws. By the end of 2025 there are expected to be 16 effective comprehensive state privacy laws in the U.S. The application and interpretation of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, and as the focus on data privacy and data protection increases globally and domestically, we are, and will continue to be, subject to varied and evolving data privacy and data protection laws. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws and proposing new AI-related laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data. In terms of cybersecurity, pursuant to the SEC’s Rules on Cybersecurity Risk Management, Strategy, Governance, and Incident Disclosure we are required to make certain disclosures related to material cybersecurity incidents and the reasonably likely impact of such an incident on Form 8-K and are required to make certain other cybersecurity disclosures on Form 10-K. Determining whether a cybersecurity incident is notifiable or reportable may not be straightforward and any such mandatory disclosures could be costly and lead to negative publicity, loss of customer confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, diversion of management’s attention and governmental investigations. The dynamic and evolving nature of these laws, regulations and codes, as well as their interpretation by regulators and courts, and the burdens imposed by these and other laws and regulations that may be enacted, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations, may require us or our third-party suppliers to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs in order to comply. These laws and regulations may also impact our ability to expand advertising on our platform, particularly in international markets, which may impede our ability to deliver targeted advertising and accurately measure our ad performance. Any perception that our practices violate individual privacy, data protection rights or cybersecurity requirements, even if unfounded, 20 Table of Contents subjects us to public criticism, lawsuits, investigations, claims and other proceedings by regulators, industry groups or other third parties, all of which could disrupt or adversely impact our business and reputation and expose us to increased liability, fines and other punitive measures including restrictive judicial orders and disgorgement of data. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, data privacy-related obligations to customers or other third parties, or our data privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other user data, or other failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or regulatory scrutiny, may result in governmental enforcement actions or litigation that could expose our business to substantial financial penalties, or other monetary or non-monetary relief, negative publicity, loss of confidence in our brands, decline in customer growth or damage to our brands and reputation. The GDPR, CPPA, CPRA and other such laws and regulations impose new and burdensome obligations, and include substantial uncertainty as to their interpretation, and we may face challenges in addressing their requirements, which could result in fines or penalties, lead us or our third-party suppliers to change our data privacy policies and practices and limit our ability to deliver personalized advertising. Additionally, if third parties that we work with, such as advertisers, service providers or developers, violate applicable laws or our policies, these violations may also put customers’ information at risk, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on our business, revenue and financial results. We are undertaking certain systems changes that might disrupt our business operations. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to source, sell and distribute merchandise efficiently through appropriate systems and procedures. If we encounter usage problems in our internal systems and procedures, or if our internal systems and procedures do not operate as intended, do not give rise to anticipated benefits, or fail to integrate properly with our other systems or software platforms, then our business, results of operations, and internal controls over financial reporting may be adversely affected. We are continually modifying our information technology systems, which involves updating or replacing legacy systems with successor systems often over the course of several years. There are inherent risks associated with replacing our core systems, including supply chain and merchandising systems disruptions, that could affect our ability to get the correct products into the appropriate stores and delivered to customers or delay fulfillment and delivery until the issue is resolved. In addition, changes to any of our software implementation strategies could result in the impairment of software-related assets. We are also subject to the risks associated with the ability of our suppliers to provide information technology solutions to meet our needs. Any disruptions could negatively impact our business and operating results. We are heavily reliant on third-party suppliers for access to our systems and the accuracy of the functionality within the systems. If we encounter implementation or usage problems with these new systems or other related systems and infrastructure, or if the systems do not operate as intended, do not give rise to anticipated benefits, or fail to integrate properly with our other systems or software platforms, then our business, results of operations, and internal controls over financial reporting may be adversely affected. Risks Related to our Suppliers and Global Operations Our dependence on foreign suppliers and our increased global operations subject us to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could impact our operations and financial results. Our dependence on foreign suppliers means that we may be affected by changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other foreign currencies. For example, any upward valuation in the Chinese yuan, the euro or any other foreign currency against the U.S. dollar may result in higher costs to us for those goods. Fluctuation in foreign exchange rates might negatively affect the profitability and business prospects of one or more of our foreign suppliers. This, in turn, might cause such foreign suppliers to demand higher prices for merchandise in their effort to offset any lost profits associated with any currency devaluation, delay merchandise shipments to us or discontinue selling to us, any of which could ultimately reduce our sales or increase our costs. In addition, the rising cost of labor in the countries in which our foreign suppliers operate has resulted in increases in our costs of doing business. Any further increases in the cost of living in such countries may result in additional increases in our costs or in our foreign suppliers going out of business. We, and our foreign suppliers, are also subject to other risks and uncertainties associated with changing economic, political, social, health and environmental conditions and regulations within and outside of the U.S. These risks and 21 Table of Contents uncertainties include tariffs, import duties and quotas, compliance with anti-dumping regulations, work stoppages, economic uncertainties and adverse economic conditions (including inflation and recession), government regulations, trade restrictions, regulations to address climate change, employment and labor matters, wars and fears of war, political unrest, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, adverse weather, climate change, outbreaks of disease and other unexpected events. We cannot predict whether any of the countries from which our raw materials or products are sourced, or in which our products are currently manufactured or may be manufactured in the future, will be subject to trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. or foreign governments, such as the tariffs levied by the U.S., or the likelihood, type or effect of any such restrictions. Any event causing a disruption or delay of imports from foreign suppliers could increase the cost, reduce the supply of merchandise available to us or result in excess inventory if merchandise is received after the planned or appropriate selling season, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Furthermore, some or all of our foreign suppliers’ operations may be adversely affected by political and financial instability resulting in the disruption of trade from exporting countries, restrictions on the transfer of funds and/or increased tariffs or quotas, war, political unrest, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, adverse weather, climate change, outbreaks of disease or other trade disruptions. In addition, an economic downturn, or failure of foreign markets, may result in financial instabilities for our foreign suppliers, which may cause our foreign suppliers to decrease production, discontinue selling to us or cease operations altogether. Our global operations in Asia, Australia, Canada, Europe and Mexico could also be affected by changing economic and political conditions in foreign countries, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Although we continue to be focused on improving our global compliance program, there remains a risk that one or more of our foreign suppliers will not adhere to our global compliance standards, such as fair labor standards and the prohibition of child labor. Non-governmental organizations might attempt to create an unfavorable impression of our sourcing practices or the practices of some of our foreign suppliers that could harm our image. If either of these events occurs, we could lose customer goodwill and favorable brand recognition, which could negatively affect our business and operating results. Furthermore, many of our raw materials, such as cotton, are generally sourced internationally, and represent a significant part of our business. As part of our preferred raw materials strategy, we aim to shift our raw materials to lower emission options, where possible. Many key inputs and processes in our raw material supply chain are resource and carbon intensive, introducing risk of scarcity due to disruption in availability, price volatility, and drought or other supply issues. As more companies increase their use of organic, recycled, lower emission or related materials in their product assortments, the availability of raw materials that meet and further our initiatives may be reduced. As a result, our business and operating results could be negatively impacted. We depend on foreign suppliers and third-party agents for timely and effective sourcing of our merchandise, and we may not be able to acquire products in appropriate quantities and at acceptable prices to meet our needs. Our performance depends, in part, on our ability to purchase our merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. We purchase our merchandise from numerous foreign and domestic manufacturers and importers. We generally have no contractual assurances of continued supply, pricing or access to new products, and any supplier could change the terms upon which it sells to us, discontinue selling to us or go out of business at any time. We may not be able to acquire desired merchandise in sufficient quantities on terms acceptable to us. Additionally, we may not be able to modify our existing purchase orders with our suppliers in response to fluctuating sales demand from our customers. Better than expected sales demand may lead to customer backorders and lower in-stock positions of our merchandise, which could negatively affect our business and operating results. Conversely, if we experience lower than expected sales demand, we may not be able to reduce our purchase orders with our suppliers, which may lead to higher than anticipated inventory levels, and could require us to mark down certain products and sell excess inventory at a discount. In addition, our suppliers may have difficulty adjusting to our changing demands and growing business. Any inability to acquire the appropriate amount of suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of one or more of our foreign suppliers or third-party agents could have a negative effect on our business and operating results. Failure to acquire sufficient merchandise could harm our business because we would be missing products that we felt were important to our assortment, unless and until alternative supply arrangements are secured. We may not be able to develop relationships with new suppliers or third-party agents, and products from alternative sources, 22 Table of Contents if any, may not be of a suitable quality and/or may be more expensive than those we currently purchase. In addition, we are subject to certain risks that could limit our suppliers’ ability to provide us with quality merchandise on a timely basis and at prices that are commercially acceptable to us, including risks related to the availability of raw materials, labor disputes, work disruptions or stoppages, union organizing activities, supplier financial liquidity, changes in tariff regimes, adverse weather, natural disasters, climate change, political unrest, war, acts of terrorism, outbreaks of disease, general economic and political conditions and regulations to address climate change. If any of our suppliers experience work disruptions or stoppages, or transportation or other restrictions, it could negatively impact our ability to acquire merchandise, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations. If our suppliers fail to adhere to our quality control standards and test protocols, we may delay a product launch or recall a product, which could damage our reputation and negatively affect our operations and financial results. Our suppliers might not adhere to our quality control standards, and we might not identify the deficiency before merchandise ships to our stores or customers. Our suppliers’ failure to manufacture or import quality merchandise in a timely and effective manner could damage our reputation and brands, and could lead to an increase in customer complaints and litigation against us and an increase in our routine insurance and litigation costs. Further, any merchandise that we receive, even if it meets our quality standards, could become subject to a recall, which could damage our reputation and brands, and harm our business. Additionally, changes to the legislative or regulatory framework regarding product safety or quality may subject companies like ours to more product recalls and result in higher recall-related expenses. Any recalls or other safety issues could harm our brands’ images and negatively affect our business and operating results. Our efforts to expand globally may not be successful and could negatively impact the value of our brands. We currently are, and plan to continue, growing our business and increasing our global presence, including by operating e-commerce websites to service international customers, opening new stores outside of the U.S., expanding our franchise and shop-in-shop operations and offering shipping globally through third-party suppliers. We have relatively limited experience with global sales, understanding foreign consumer preferences, anticipating buying trends in different countries, marketing to non-U.S. customers and managing shipping logistics to these customers. Moreover, global awareness of our brands and our products may not be high. Consequently, we may not be able to successfully compete with established brands in these markets and our global sales may not result in the revenues we anticipate. Additionally, global economic or political instability, work disruptions or stoppages, war or fear of war or outbreaks of diseases and resulting government actions (such as lockdowns or quarantines), may delay or harm our efforts to expand globally. Also, our products may not be accepted, either due to foreign legal requirements or due to different consumer tastes and trends. If our global growth initiatives are not successful, or if we or any of our third-party suppliers fail to comply with any applicable regulations or laws, we may be forced to close stores or cease operations in certain countries, which may result in significant financial harm, diminish the value of our brands and negatively affect our future opportunities for global growth. In addition, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our operations denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Our operations in Canada, Australia and throughout Asia and Europe expose us to market risk associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our hedges against foreign currency risk, if any, may not succeed in offsetting all of the impact of foreign currency rate volatility and generally only delay such impact on our business and financial results. Further, because we do not hedge against all of our foreign currency exposure, our business will continue to be susceptible to foreign currency fluctuations. Our ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to currency fluctuations will generally depend on the size and type of the transactions that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures, changes in those rates and whether we have entered into foreign currency hedge contracts to offset these exposures. All of these factors could materially impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We have unaffiliated franchisees that operate stores in the Middle East, the Philippines, Mexico, South Korea and India, as well as e-commerce websites in certain locations pursuant to franchise agreements. Under these agreements, our franchisees operate stores and/or e-commerce websites that sell goods purchased from us under our brand names. We continue to expand our franchise operations with our existing franchisees as well as seek to identify new franchise partnerships for select countries. The effect of these franchise arrangements on our business and results of operations is uncertain and will depend upon various factors, including the demand for our products in new global markets. In addition, certain aspects of our franchise arrangements are not directly within our control, 23 Table of Contents such as the ability of each franchisee to meet its projections regarding store openings and sales, and the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on their business. Moreover, to the extent that our franchisees do not operate their stores in a manner consistent with our requirements regarding our brand identities and customer experience standards, we may seek to terminate or not renew the franchise agreements, which could harm the reputation and value of our brands and our business and operating results. In addition, in connection with these franchise arrangements, we have and will continue to implement certain new processes that may subject us to additional regulations and laws, such as export regulations. Failure to comply with any applicable regulations or laws could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Our global operations present unique risks, and our inability to effectively manage the risks and challenges inherent in a global business could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition and growth prospects. We operate several retail businesses, subsidiaries and branch offices throughout Asia, Australia, Canada, Europe and Mexico, which includes managing associates in those jurisdictions, and we may expand these operations in the future. Our global presence exposes us to the laws and regulations of these jurisdictions, including those related to marketing, privacy, data protection, employment and product safety and testing. We may be unable to keep current with government requirements as they change from time to time. Our failure to comply with such laws and regulations may harm our reputation, adversely affect our future opportunities for growth and expansion in these countries, and harm our business and operating results. Moreover, our global operations subject us to a variety of risks and challenges, including: • increased management, infrastructure and legal compliance costs, including the cost of real estate and labor in those markets; • increased financial accounting and reporting requirements and complexities; • increased operational and tax complexities, including managing our inventory globally; • the diversion of management attention away from our core business; • general economic conditions, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs, political and social instability, war and acts of terrorism, outbreaks of diseases and natural disasters in each country or region; • economic uncertainty around the world; • geopolitical disruptions affecting global trade; • compliance with U.S. laws and regulations for foreign operations; • reputational harm due to negative posts about our brands or products on foreign social media or online forums; • fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and the related effect on our financial results, and the use of foreign exchange hedging programs (if any) to mitigate such risks; • growing cash balances in foreign jurisdictions which may be subject to repatriation restrictions; and • reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries and practical difficulties of enforcing such rights abroad. Any of these risks could adversely affect our global operations, reduce our revenues or increase our operating costs, which in turn could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and growth prospects. Some of our suppliers and our franchisees also have global operations and are subject to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of our global operations, our business may be adversely affected if our suppliers and franchisees are not able to successfully manage these risks. In addition, as we continue to expand our global operations, we are subject to certain U.S. laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well as the laws of the foreign countries in which we operate. We must ensure that our associates and third-party agents comply with these laws. If any of our operations, or our associates or third-party agents, violates such laws, we could become subject to sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation, business and operating results. 24 Table of Contents Risks Related to Taxes and Tariffs Any significant changes in tax, trade or other policies in the U.S. or other countries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. A significant portion of our products are manufactured outside of the U.S. Significant changes in tax, trade or other polices either in the U.S. or other countries could materially increase our tax burden or costs of goods sold. These changes in policies may also require us to increase our prices, which could adversely affect our sales. Changes to tariffs could result in increased prices and/or costs of goods or delays in products received from our vendors and could adversely affect our results of operations. Recent U.S. administrations have enacted tariffs on imports from various countries. The current U.S. administration has suggested, or is in the process of, increasing current tariffs, imposing additional tariffs and expanding tariffs to capture goods from countries not previously captured. While we have been and continue to execute against an aggressive tariff mitigation plan which includes cost reductions from vendors, moving production to lower cost markets and cost savings in other areas of the business, as well as targeted price increases, we may not be able to fully or substantially mitigate the impact of the increased tariffs or any future tariffs, pass price increases on to our customers or secure adequate alternative sources of products or materials. The current tariffs, along with any additional tariffs, changes in duty regimes or retaliatory trade restrictions implemented by the U.S. or by other countries, as well as any fluctuation in foreign exchange rates as a result of such activity, could adversely affect customer sales, including potential delays in products received from our vendors and our cost of goods sold, which could materially impact our business and financial results. Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility of our operating results. We are subject to income taxes in many U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely impacted by a number of factors that require significant judgment and estimation. At any point in time, multiple tax years are subject to examination by various taxing jurisdictions. The outcomes of these audits and negotiations with taxing authorities may affect the ultimate settlement of these issues. As a result, we expect that throughout the year there could be ongoing variability in our quarterly and annual effective tax rates as taxable events occur and uncertain tax positions are either evaluated or resolved. In addition, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period may be materially impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings or losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates or by changes to existing laws, including the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or regulations. In 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) released Global anti-Base Erosion Rules designed to be implemented into the domestic law of each jurisdiction and operate together to ensure large multinational enterprises are subject to a minimum effective tax rate of 15% on any excess profits arising in each jurisdiction where they operate. Many countries have enacted legislation to implement these minimum tax rules, referred to as Pillar Two rules. Our subsidiaries were not subject to Pillar Two minimum tax in fiscal 2024. We are currently evaluating the potential impacts that Pillar Two rules may have on future periods and will continue to monitor the implementation of the Pillar Two rules in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The OECD continues to release additional guidance on these rules. These changes and other areas in relation to international tax reform, could increase uncertainty and may adversely affect our tax rate and cash flow in future years. We regularly assess all of these matters to determine the adequacy of our income tax provision, which is subject to significant judgment. Our business may be subject to evolving sales and other tax regimes in various jurisdictions, which may harm our business. The application of indirect taxes such as sales and use tax, value-added tax, goods and services tax and tax information reporting obligations to businesses like ours is a complex and evolving issue. The impact of potential changes in U.S., state or other countries’ tax laws and regulations or evolving interpretations of existing laws, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If we are found to be deficient in how we have addressed our tax obligations, our business could be adversely impacted. 25 Table of Contents Risks Related to our Financial Statements and Liquidity We may require funding from external sources, which may not be available at the levels we require, or may cost more than we expect, and, as a consequence, our expenses and operating results could be negatively affected. We regularly review and evaluate our liquidity and capital needs. Our credit facilities provide for up to a total of $750 million in unsecured revolving lines of credit (which includes a $250 million accordion feature subject to lender consent). In the event we require additional liquidity from our lenders, such funds may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Future renewals of our revolving line of credit (set to expire September 2026) may also be affected by participation and capital constraints from banking partners. In addition, in the event we were to breach any of our financial covenants, our banks would not be required to provide us with additional funding, or they may require us to renegotiate our existing credit facility on less favorable terms. In addition, we may not be able to renew our letters of credit that we use to help pay our suppliers or our credit facility on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, as the availability of credit may become limited. If we are unable to access additional credit at the levels we require, or the cost of credit is greater than expected, it could adversely affect our operating results. Disruptions in the financial markets may adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources and our business. Global financial markets and the banking sector can experience extreme volatility, disruption and credit contraction, which adversely affect global economic conditions. Such turmoil in financial and credit markets or other changes in economic conditions could adversely affect the sources of liquidity available to us and our costs of capital. For example, each financial institution in the syndicate for our credit facilities is responsible for providing a portion of the loans to be made under the facilities. If any lender, or group of lenders, with a significant portion of the commitments in our credit facilities fails to satisfy its obligations to extend credit under the facilities and we are unable to find a replacement for such lender or group of lenders on a timely basis, if at all, our liquidity and our business may be materially adversely affected. In addition, if the U.S. government were to default on its debt obligations due to Congress’ failure to increase the debt limit, the U.S. and global financial markets would be adversely affected and our liquidity and borrowing costs could be adversely impacted. Should we need it, we also may not be able to obtain additional credit on terms which are acceptable to us, if at all. Our operating results may be harmed by unsuccessful management of our employment, occupancy and other operating costs, and the operation and growth of our business may be harmed if we are unable to attract qualified personnel. To be successful, we need to manage our operating costs and continue to look for opportunities to reduce costs. We incur substantial costs to warehouse and distribute our inventory. We continue to expand our furniture delivery network including insourcing and third-party expansion of furniture delivery hubs in certain geographies and continue to regionalize our retail and e-commerce fulfillment capabilities. Significant increases in our inventory levels may result in increased warehousing and distribution costs, such as costs related to additional distribution facilities, which we may not be able to lease or purchase on acceptable terms, if at all. Such increases in inventory levels may also lead to slower delivery times to customers, as capacity constraints at distribution facilities could cause delays in locating and shipping products, and increases in costs associated with inventory that is lost, damaged or aged. Higher than expected costs, particularly if coupled with lower than expected sales, would negatively impact our business and operating results. In addition, in times of economic uncertainty, these long-term contracts may make it difficult to quickly reduce our fixed operating costs, which could negatively impact our business and operating results. We recognize that we may need to increase the number of our associates, especially during our peak selling season, and incur other expenses to support new brands and brand extensions and the growth of our existing brands, including the opening of new stores. In addition, the market for prime real estate is competitive, especially in San Francisco where our corporate offices are headquartered. If we are unable to make substantial adjustments to our cost structure during times of uncertainty, such as an economic downturn or during times of expansion, we may incur unnecessary expense or we may have inadequate resources to properly run our business, and our business and operating results may be negatively impacted. From time to time, we may also experience union organizing activity in currently non-union facilities, including in our stores and distribution facilities. Union organizing activity may result in work slowdowns or stoppages and 26 Table of Contents higher labor costs. In addition, there continues to be a growing number of wage-and-hour lawsuits and other employment-related lawsuits against retail companies, especially in California. State, federal and global laws and regulations regarding employment change frequently and the ultimate cost of compliance cannot be precisely estimated. Further, there have been and may continue to be increases in minimum wage and health care requirements. Any changes in regulations, the imposition of additional regulations or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation that impacts employment and labor, trade or health care, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We contract with various agencies to provide us with qualified personnel for our workforce. Any negative publicity regarding these agencies, such as in connection with immigration issues or employment practices, could damage our reputation, disrupt our ability to obtain needed labor or result in financial harm to our business, including the potential loss of business-related financial incentives in the jurisdictions where we operate. General Risk Factors Our inability to obtain commercial insurance at acceptable rates or our failure to adequately reserve for self-insured exposures might increase our expenses and have a negative impact on our business. We believe that commercial insurance coverage is prudent in certain areas of our business for risk management. Insurance costs have increased substantially and may continue to increase in the future and may be affected by natural disasters, outbreaks of disease, climate change, fear of terrorism, war, financial irregularities, cybersecurity breaches and fraud at publicly-traded companies, intervention by the government or political crises and instability, an increase in the number and severity of claims received by the carriers, or a decrease in the number of insurance carriers. In addition, the carriers with which we hold our policies may go out of business or be otherwise unable to fulfill their contractual obligations, or they may disagree with our interpretation of the coverage or the amounts owed. For certain types or levels of risk, such as risks associated with certain natural disasters, cybersecurity breaches or terrorist attacks, we may determine that we cannot obtain commercial insurance at acceptable rates, if at all. Therefore, we may choose to forego or limit our purchase of relevant commercial insurance, choosing instead to self-insure one or more types or levels of risks. We are self-insured or primarily self-insured for employment practices liability, associate health benefits, product recall and reputational risk, among others. If we suffer a substantial loss that is not covered by commercial insurance or our self-insurance reserves, the loss and related expenses could harm our business and operating results. In addition, exposures exist for which no insurance may be available and for which we have not reserved. If our operating and financial performance in any given period does not meet the guidance that we have provided to the public or the expectations of our investors and analysts, our stock price may decline. We typically provide public guidance on our expected operating and financial results for future periods, as we believe this approach is aligned with the long-term view we take in managing our business and our focus on long-term stockholder value creation. Such guidance is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report and in our other public filings and public statements. Our actual results may not always be in line with or exceed the guidance we have provided or the expectations of our investors and analysts, especially in times of economic uncertainty. In the past, when we have reduced our previously provided guidance, the market price of our common stock has declined. If, in the future, our operating or financial results for a particular period do not meet our guidance or the expectations of our investors and analysts or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock may decline. A variety of factors may cause our quarterly operating results to fluctuate, leading to volatility in our stock price. Our quarterly results have fluctuated and may fluctuate in the future, depending upon a variety of factors, including changes in economic conditions, shifts in the timing of holiday selling seasons, including Valentine’s Day, Easter, back-to-school, Halloween, Thanksgiving and Christmas, as well as timing shifts due to 53-week fiscal years, which occur approximately every five years. Historically, a significant portion of our net revenues and net earnings have typically been realized during the period from October through January each year, our peak selling season. In preparation for and during our peak selling season, we hire a substantial number of part-time and seasonal associates, primarily in our retail stores, distribution facilities and customer care centers. If our operating and 27 Table of Contents financial performance in any given period does not meet the guidance that we have provided to the public or the expectations of our investors and analysts, our stock price may decline. If we are unable to pay quarterly dividends or repurchase our stock at intended levels, our reputation and stock price may be harmed. We have historically repurchased our shares through our stock repurchase programs and paid a common stock dividend quarterly. The stock repurchase programs and dividend may require the use of a significant portion of our cash earnings, which are also needed to fund our operations and finance future growth. As a result, we may not retain a sufficient amount of cash to fund our operations or finance future growth opportunities, new product development initiatives and unanticipated capital expenditures, which could adversely affect our financial performance. Further, our Board of Directors may, at its discretion, decrease or entirely discontinue the payment of dividends at any time and the stock repurchase programs may be limited or terminated at any time. Our ability to pay dividends and repurchase stock will depend on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future. This ability may be subject to certain economic, financial, competitive and other factors, that are beyond our control. Any failure to pay dividends or repurchase stock after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation and investor confidence in us, and may negatively impact our stock price. If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired and our investors’ views of us could be harmed. We have evaluated and tested our internal controls in order to allow management to report on, and our registered independent public accounting firm to attest to, the effectiveness of our internal controls, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If we are not able to continue to meet the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or with adequate compliance, we may be required to disclose material weaknesses if they develop or are uncovered, and we may be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities, such as the SEC or the New York Stock Exchange. In addition, our internal controls may not prevent or detect all errors and fraud on a timely basis, if at all. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system will be met. If any of the above were to occur, our business and the perception of us in the financial markets could be negatively impacted. Changes to accounting rules or regulations may adversely affect our operating results. Changes to existing accounting rules or regulations may impact our future operating results. A change in accounting rules or regulations may even affect our reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective. The introduction of new accounting rules or regulations and varying interpretations of existing accounting rules or regulations have occurred and may occur in the future. Future changes to accounting rules or regulations, or the questioning of current accounting practices, may adversely affect our operating results. In preparing our financial statements we make certain assumptions, judgments and estimates that affect the amounts reported, which, if not accurate, may impact our financial results. We make assumptions, judgments and estimates that impact amounts reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements for a number of items, including merchandise inventories, long-lived assets, leases and income taxes, among others. These assumptions, judgments and estimates are derived from historical experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances as of the date our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates, and such differences may impact our financial results. Changes to estimates related to our cash flow projections may cause us to incur impairment charges related to our long-lived assets for our retail store locations and other property and equipment, including information technology systems. We make estimates and projections in connection with impairment analyses of our long-lived assets for our retail store locations and other property and equipment, including information technology systems. These analyses require us to make a number of estimates and projections of future results. If these estimates or projections change or prove incorrect, we may be, and have been, required to record impairment charges on certain store locations and other property and equipment, including information technology systems. These impairment charges have been significant 28 Table of Contents in the past and may be significant in the future and, as a result of these charges, our operating results have been and may, in the future, be adversely affected. 