 The following summarizes important factors that could individually, or together with one or more other factors, affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows: Industry Risks We operate in highly competitive industries and, if we are unable to compete effectively in one or more of our markets, our business, financial condition, and results of operations will be adversely affected. We face intense competition from a number of established competitors in the United States and abroad, some of which are larger in size or are divisions of large, diversified companies with substantially greater financial resources. In addition, global competition continues to increase. Changes in competitive conditions, including the availability of new 8 technologies, products and services, the introduction of new channels of distribution, changes in OEM and services pricing, and further consolidation of companies in our industries, could impact our relationships with our customers and may adversely affect future sales and margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated among a relatively small number of customers, which makes our business more vulnerable to fluctuations in sales to these customers and changes in their financial condition. A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated among a relatively small number of customers. We have fewer customers than many companies with similar sales volumes. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, sales to our largest five customers represented approximately 36% of our consolidated net sales and approximately 34% of our accounts receivable. If any of our significant customers were to change suppliers, in-source production, institute significant restructuring or cost-cutting measures, or experience financial distress, these significant customers may substantially reduce, or otherwise be unable to pay for, purchases from us. Accordingly, our consolidated net sales could decrease significantly, or we may experience difficulty collecting, or be unable to collect, amounts due and payable, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The long sales cycle, customer evaluation process, and implementation period of our products and services may increase the costs of obtaining orders and reduce the predictability of sales cycles and our inventory requirements. Our products and services are technologically complex and require significant capital commitments. Prospective customers generally must commit significant resources to test and evaluate our products and to install and integrate them into larger systems. Accordingly, customers often require a significant number of product presentations and demonstrations before reaching a sufficient level of confidence in the product’s performance and compatibility to commit to an order. In addition, orders expected in one quarter may shift, and from time to time have shifted, to another quarter or be cancelled with little advance notice as a result of customers’ budgetary constraints, internal acceptance reviews, and other factors affecting the timing of customers’ purchase decisions. The difficulty in forecasting demand increases the challenge in anticipating sales cycles and our inventory requirements, which may cause us to over-produce finished goods and could result in inventory write-offs, or could cause us to under-produce finished goods. Any such over-production or under-production could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our strategic joint venture with GE Aerospace may make it more difficult to secure long-term sales in certain aerospace markets. In January 2016, Woodward and GE (now GE Aerospace), consummated the formation of a strategic joint venture (the “JV”). The JV agreement does not restrict Woodward from entering into any market; however, consolidation in the aircraft engine market is increasingly prevalent, resulting in fewer engine manufacturers, and thus it may become more difficult for Woodward to secure new business with GE Aerospace competitors on similar product applications both within and outside the specific markets the JV operates. Additionally, if GE Aerospace fails to win new content in the market space covered by the JV, Woodward may be prevented from expanding content on future commercial aircraft engines in those markets. 9 Commercial, Financial, and Regulatory Risks Suppliers may be unable to provide us with materials of sufficient quality or quantity to meet our production needs at favorable prices or at all which may adversely affect our revenue and margins. We are dependent upon suppliers for parts and raw materials used in the manufacture of products that we sell to our customers, and our raw material costs are subject to commodity market fluctuations and have been impacted by the current inflationary environment. We have experienced shortages of certain parts and raw materials due to challenges in our supply chain. Our strategic investments to simplify and strengthen our supply chain may not be successful, and we may continue to experience shortages of parts or raw materials for the same or other reasons, such as the loss of a significant supplier, global supply chain constraints, high overall demand creating shortages in parts and supplies we use, financial distress, work stoppages, natural disasters, fluctuations in commodity prices, the imposition of tariffs or other duties, or production or distribution difficulties that may affect one or more of our suppliers. In some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply, manufacturing, or logistics support or participate in commodity markets that may be subject to allocations of limited supplies by suppliers. Some of our suppliers have experienced, and others may similarly experience, financial difficulties, inflationary pressures, production quality issues, labor instability, delivery delays or other performance problems, and, as a result, we have from time to time been, and may in the future be, unable to meet commitments to our customers and/or incur additional costs. In addition, quality and sourcing issues that our suppliers may experience can also adversely affect the quality and effectiveness of our products and services and may result in liability or reputational harm to us. Our customers rely on us to provide on-time delivery and have certain rights if our delivery standards are not maintained. Significant increases in our supply costs, including for raw materials that are subject to commodity price fluctuations, inflationary pressures, the imposition of tariffs, or a protracted interruption of supplies for any reason, have resulted in, and could result in further production and shipment delays, increased costs, and in lost revenue. Significant issues could damage our reputation and relationships with customers. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our profitability may suffer if we are unable to manage our expenses in connection with sales increases, sales decreases, or if we experience change in product mix. Some of our expenses are relatively fixed in relation to changes in sales volume and are difficult to adjust in the short term. Expenses driven by business activity other than sales level and other long-term expenditures, such as fixed manufacturing costs, capital expenditures, and research and development expenses may be difficult to reduce in a timely manner in response to a reduction in sales. In periods of rapid sales increases it may be difficult to quickly increase our production of finished goods because of our long manufacturing lead times. If a sudden, unanticipated need for raw materials, components and labor arises, we could experience difficulties in sourcing these items at a favorable cost, in sufficient quantities or at all. These factors could result in delays in fulfilling customer sales contracts, lost revenue, damage to our reputation and relationships with our customers, and an inability to meet market demand, which in turn could prevent us from taking advantage of business opportunities or responding to competitive pressures and could result in an increase in costs leading to a decrease in net earnings or even net losses. In addition, we sell products that have varying profit margins, and fluctuations in the mix of sales of our various products have impacted our overall profitability, and may do so in the future. Reductions, delays or changes in U.S. Government spending could adversely affect our business. Sales made directly to U.S. Government agencies and entities, or indirectly through third-party manufacturers, such as tier-one prime contractors utilizing our parts and subassemblies, accounted for approximately 20% of total sales in fiscal year 2025 and 17% in fiscal year 2024. The U.S. Government participates in a wide variety of operations, including homeland defense, counterinsurgency, counterterrorism, and other defense-related operations that employ our products and services. U.S. defense spending has historically been cyclical in nature and is subject to periodic congressional authorization and appropriation actions. The level of U.S. defense spending is hard to predict and may be impacted by numerous factors outside of our control such as changes in the perceived threat environment, prevailing U.S. foreign policy, changes in security, defense, and intelligence strategies and priorities, shifts in domestic and international spending, the macroeconomic environment, tax policy, budget deficits and competing budget priorities, and the political environment and future potential government shutdowns. Defense budgets tend to rise when perceived threats to national security increase the level of concern over the country’s safety, but we can provide no assurance that an increase in defense spending will be allocated to programs that would benefit our business. Decreases in U.S. Government defense spending, changes in the spending allocation, and 10 phase-outs or terminations of certain aerospace and defense programs on which we have content could have a material adverse effect on our sales unless they are offset by other aerospace and defense programs and opportunities. If the priorities of the U.S. Government change and/or defense spending is reduced or delayed for any of the reasons discussed above, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be adversely affected. Our business may be adversely affected by risks unique to government contracting. As a result of our contracts with the U.S. Government, we are subject to certain unique risks, including the risks set forth below: • Our U.S. Government contracts and the U.S. Government contracts of our customers are subject to modification, curtailment or termination by the government, either for the convenience of the government or for default as a result of a failure by us or our customers to perform under the applicable contract. If any of our contracts are terminated by the U.S. Government, our backlog would be reduced, in accordance with contract terms, by the expected value of the remaining work under such contracts. In addition, we are not the prime contractor on most of our contracts for supply to the U.S. Government, and the U.S. Government could terminate a prime contract under which we are a subcontractor, irrespective of the quality of our products and services as a subcontractor. • We must comply with procurement laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration, and performance of our U.S. Government contracts and the U.S. Government contracts of our customers. The U.S. Government may change procurement laws and regulations from time to time. A violation of U.S. Government procurement laws or regulations, a change in U.S. Government procurement laws and regulations, or a termination arising out of our default could expose us to liability, debarment, or suspension and could have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. • We are subject to government inquiries, audits, and investigations due to our business relationships with the U.S. Government and the heavily regulated industries in which we do business. In addition, our contract costs are subject to audits by the U.S. Government. U.S. Government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Defense Contract Management Agency, routinely audit government contractors and subcontractors. These agencies review our performance under contracts, cost structure, and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards, as well as the adequacy of and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies. Any costs found to be misclassified or inaccurately allocated to a specific contract would be deemed non-reimbursable, and to the extent already reimbursed, would be refunded. Any inadequacies in our systems and policies could result in withholdings on billed receivables, penalties, and reduced future business. Any inquiries or investigations, including those related to our contract pricing, could potentially result in civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines, suspension, and/or debarment from participating in future business opportunities with the U.S. Government. Such actions could harm our reputation, even if such allegations are later determined to be unfounded, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The occurrence of one or more of these risks, some of which are out of our control, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our debt obligations and the restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our debt could limit our ability to operate our business or pursue our business strategies, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and could significantly reduce stockholder benefits from a change of control event. As of September 30, 2025, our total debt was $702,202, including $390,000 in unsecured notes denominated in U.S. dollars issued in private placements and $187,613 of unsecured notes denominated in Euros issued in private placements. We are obligated to make interest and scheduled principal payments under the agreements governing our long-term debt, which requires us to dedicate a portion of our net cash provided by operating activities to payments on our indebtedness, and which may reduce the availability of our cash for other purposes, including business development efforts and mergers and acquisitions. These debt obligations could make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate, thereby placing us at a disadvantage to our competitors that have less indebtedness. Further, we may require additional capital to repay our debt obligations when they mature, and such capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 11 Our existing revolving credit facility and note purchase agreements impose financial covenants on us and our subsidiaries that require us to maintain certain leverage ratios and minimum levels of consolidated interest coverage. Certain of these agreements require us to repay outstanding borrowings with portions of the proceeds we receive from certain sales of property or assets and specified future debt offerings. These financial covenants place certain restrictions on our business that may affect our ability to execute our business strategy successfully or take other actions that we believe would be in the best interests of our Company. These covenants include limitations or restrictions, among other things, on our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to: • incur additional indebtedness; • pay dividends or make distributions on our capital stock or certain other restricted payments or investments; • purchase or redeem stock; • issue stock of our subsidiaries; • make domestic and foreign investments and extend credit; • engage in transactions with affiliates; • transfer and sell assets; • effect a consolidation or merger or sell, transfer, lease, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and • create liens on our assets to secure debt. These agreements contain certain customary events of default, including certain cross-default provisions related to other outstanding debt arrangements. Any breach of the covenants under these agreements or other event of default could cause a default under these agreements and/or a cross-default under our other debt arrangements, which could restrict our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility. If there were an event of default under certain provisions of our debt arrangements that was not cured or waived, the holders of the defaulted debt may be able to cause all amounts outstanding with respect to the debt instrument, plus any required settlement costs, to be due and payable immediately. Our assets and available cash balances may not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments if accelerated upon an event of default. If we are unable to repay, refinance, or restructure our indebtedness as required, or amend the covenants contained in these agreements, the lenders or note holders may be entitled to obtain a lien or institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Unforeseen additional tax expense or additional tax exposures could impact our future profitability. We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and jurisdictions outside of the United States. Our tax liabilities are dependent upon the distribution mix of operating income among these different jurisdictions. Our tax expense includes estimates of additional tax that may be incurred and reflects various estimates, projections, and assumptions that could impact the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. Our future operating results could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate, which could be caused by, among other things: • changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates; • changes in our overall profitability; • changes in rules or interpretations of existing tax laws; • changes in U.S. federal tax legislation and tax rates; • changes in state or non-U.S. government tax legislation and tax rates; • changes in tax incentives; • changes in U.S. GAAP; • changes in the projected realization of deferred tax assets and liabilities; • changes in management’s assessment of the amount of earnings indefinitely reinvested offshore; • changes in management’s intentions regarding the amount of earnings reinvested offshore; • the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures; and • changes to global minimum taxes or other tax law changes 12 The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ("OECD") has passed Pillar Two, an inclusive framework on Base Erosion and Profit Sharing, which would enact a minimum 15% tax for large multinational companies. Many countries are considering changes to their tax laws or proposing new tax laws to align with the recommendations that have been made by the OECD regarding Pillar Two. We are closely monitoring developments and evaluating the potential impacts of Pillar Two, which could adversely impact our effective tax rate, tax payments, results of operations, and cash flows. We derive a significant amount of revenue and obtain components from outside of the United States; accordingly, we are subject to the risks of doing business in other countries. In fiscal year 2025, approximately 46% of our total sales were made to customers in jurisdictions outside of the United States (including products manufactured in the United States and sold outside the United States as well as products manufactured in international locations). We also purchase raw materials and components from suppliers outside the United States. Accordingly, our business and results of operations are subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including: • transportation delays and interruptions; • political, social and economic conditions, instability and disruptions; • natural disasters or pandemics; • terrorism, war, and international tensions and conflicts; • the imposition of taxes, import and export controls, duties and tariffs, embargoes, sanctions and other trade restrictions; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates; • different and changing regulatory environments; • cost of compliance with increasingly complex and often conflicting regulations governing various matters worldwide; • cost of labor, labor shortages, and other changes in labor conditions; • the potential for nationalization of enterprises; • potential limitations on the Company’s ability to enforce legal rights and remedies, including protection of intellectual property; • difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through some foreign legal systems; • potentially adverse tax consequences, including limitations on repatriations of earnings; and • difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely basis. The United States and other countries have levied tariffs and taxes on certain goods, including during our fiscal year 2025. Some of our products are included in these tariffs, and certain commodities, raw materials, and other manufacturing inputs that we require are also included. The imposition of new or increased tariffs, duties, border adjustment taxes, or other trade restrictions by the United States could also result in the adoption of new or increased tariffs or other trade restrictions by other countries. While we have so far experienced minimal levels of cost pressure as a result of the recently implemented tariffs, future tariffs could increase our cost of materials, which could pressure our profitability if we are unable to secure commensurate price increases from our customers, or if the price increases we secure are not sufficient to fully offset the impact of the tariffs. The trade barriers implemented by the U.S. or other countries could have a significant adverse impact on our suppliers, our customers, and our business. We are not able to predict future trade policy of the United States or any foreign countries in which we operate or purchase goods, or the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements, or their impact on our business. We are subject to and must comply with U.S. laws restricting or otherwise prohibiting companies from doing business in certain countries and with certain parties, including those on exports imposed under the U.S. Export Control Laws and Sanctions Programs. These laws and regulations change from time to time and may restrict sales to other countries or parties. We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing an improper business advantage. We operate in many parts of the world and sell to industries that have experienced corruption to some degree. If we are found to be liable for FCPA or other similar anti-bribery law or regulatory violations, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 13 Also, a material disruption to the financial institutions with whom we transact business could have a material adverse effect on our international operations or on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We could be adversely affected if the financial institutions providing our capital refuse to honor their contractual commitments, cease lending, or declare bankruptcy. Changes in the estimates of fair value of reporting units or of long-lived assets, particularly goodwill, may result in future impairment charges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. At September 30, 2025, we had $832,288 of goodwill, representing approximately 18% of our total assets. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on at least an annual basis or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Future goodwill impairment charges may occur if estimates of fair values decrease, which would reduce future earnings. In addition, we may incur asset impairment charges if asset utilization declines, if customer demand decreases, or for a number of other reasons, which would reduce future earnings. Any such impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. There can be no assurance that our estimates and assumptions of the fair value of our reporting units, the current economic environment, or the other inputs used in forecasting the present value of forecasted cash flows used to estimate the fair value of our reporting units will prove to be accurate projections of future performance, and any material error in our estimates and assumptions, could result in us needing to take a material impairment charge, which would have the effects discussed above. Our inability to retain key personnel or attract and retain new qualified personnel could adversely affect our business and limit our ability to operate successfully. Due to the specialized nature of our business, competition for technical personnel is intense and our future performance is highly dependent on our ability to hire, train, assimilate, and retain a qualified workforce. Additionally, it is important we hire and retain personnel with relevant experience in local laws, regulations, customs, traditions, and business practices to support our international operations. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions, management changes, increasing local and global competition for talent, the availability of qualified members, challenges associated with retaining qualified members, restructuring and alignment activities, and the attractiveness of our compensation and benefit programs. Our financial and operating performance depends on continued access to a stable workforce and on favorable labor relations with our members. We rely on a highly trained workforce due to the specialized nature of our business. Any significant increases in labor costs, deterioration of member relations, or slowdowns or work stoppages at any of our locations, whether due to member turnover, changes in availability of qualified technical personnel, failure to have a collaborative and effective relationship with our members, or otherwise, could impair our ability to supply products or fulfill orders, and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, our relationships with customers, and our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, approximately 13% of our workforce in the United States is unionized, and certain of our operations in the United States and internationally involve different member/employer relationships and the existence of works’ councils. We cannot predict how stable our union relationships will be. We periodically need to renegotiate our collective bargaining agreements, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to timely agree to terms of future agreements or extensions without experiencing work stoppages, strikes, slowdowns, or other disruptions. One of our union contracts in the United States is currently expired, and the Company is continuing to honor this contract as status quo. There has been no associated work stoppage since the expiration of the union contract, but we cannot guarantee this will continue. Prolonged negotiations or labor disputes could disrupt our operations, lead to increased costs, or negatively impact our ability to serve customers and achieve our business objectives. Additionally, the terms of any renegotiated agreements could result in increased labor costs, operational restrictions, or other changes that could adversely affect our financial performance. Any deterioration in the relationship with our union members, or the failure to have effective collective bargaining agreements in place with our union members, could impair our ability to supply products or fulfill orders, and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, our relationships with customers, and our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Although we have not experienced any recent work stoppages, we may experience them in the future, which could adversely affect our business. 14 Our operations and suppliers may be subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt our operations. Our operations and sources of supply could be disrupted by unforeseen events, including fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, and other forms of severe weather in countries in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located, any of which could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Natural disasters, public health concerns and pandemics, war, political unrest, terrorist activity, equipment failures, power outages, threats to physical security of our facilities, assets or people, or the security of our information technology ("IT") infrastructure and systems or other unforeseen events could result in physical damage to or other disruption of, and complete or partial closure of, one or more of our manufacturing facilities, or could cause temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of component products from some local and international suppliers, disruption in the transport of our products and significant delays in the shipment of products and the provision of services, which could in turn cause the loss of sales and customers. Existing insurance arrangements may not provide protection for all the costs that may arise from such events. Accordingly, disruption of our operations or the operations of a significant supplier could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Failure to develop, obtain, enforce, and protect intellectual property rights or third parties' claims that we are infringing their intellectual property could harm our business. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop technologies and inventions and other intellectual property, and obtain intellectual property rights and enforce such intellectual property rights worldwide. In this regard, we rely on patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we do business, as well as license agreements, nondisclosure agreements, and confidentiality and other contractual provisions. However, we cannot be certain we will be able to obtain patents or other intellectual property rights in our new technologies and inventions or, if we do, the scope of such rights may not be sufficiently broad to afford us any significant commercial advantage over our competitors. Further, our existing and future intellectual property rights may not provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors. The technologies and inventions developed by us in the future may not be considered valuable by customers or provide us with a competitive advantage, or competitors may develop similar or identical technologies and inventions independently of us and before we do. Effective protection of intellectual property rights is expensive and difficult to maintain, both in terms of application and maintenance costs, as well as the costs of defending and enforcing those rights. Competitors and other third parties may also challenge the ownership, validity, and/or enforceability of our patents or other intellectual property rights. Moreover, the laws of certain foreign jurisdictions do not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. To the extent we do assert our intellectual property rights against third parties, we may not be successful and adequate remedies may not be available in the event of infringement or unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, or disclosure of our trade secrets. Third parties may in the future assert that we have infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that our current or future technologies are not infringing or violating intellectual property rights of third parties, or will not do so in the future. In the event we face claims of infringement or misappropriation, we may face expensive litigation or indemnification obligations, be required to enter into licenses, and may be prevented from selling existing products and pursuing product development or commercialization. Even if such claims are without merit, we may be required to expend significant time and resources on the defense of such claims. If we are unable to sufficiently protect our patent and other proprietary rights or if we infringe on or misappropriate proprietary rights of others, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property and/or technological know‑how that is either not patentable or intentionally unpatented, including trade secrets, could adversely affect our competitive position and the value of certain of our investments in research and development. We are subject to legal proceedings, investigations, claims and/or regulatory proceedings that could have a significant impact on our business and operations. We are currently involved or may become involved in legal, regulatory, and other proceedings. These proceedings may include, without limitation, product liability matters, intellectual property matters, contract disputes or claims, pending or threatened litigation, and governmental investigations, as well as employment, tax, environmental, or other matters. These proceedings could lead to enforcement actions, adverse changes to our business practices, fines and penalties, business remedies, or the assertion of private litigation claims and/or damages that could be material, and of which could have a 15 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Even if the legal proceedings we face are decided in our favor, or are unfounded, we may incur material expenses and such matters may require significant management attention, and may harm our reputation with customers, members or investors. We accrue for known individual matters if we believe it is probable that the matter will result in a loss when ultimately resolved using estimates of the most likely amount of loss. However, estimating possible losses involves significant judgment and outcomes are unpredictable, therefore, actual losses may exceed our estimates. Our business and operations may be adversely affected by cybersecurity breaches or other information technology system or network interruptions or intrusions. We depend heavily on the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our IT and computerized systems to communicate and operate effectively. We store sensitive data, including proprietary business information, intellectual property, classified information, customer information, supplier information, and confidential employee or other personal data on our servers and databases. Also, due to political uncertainty and hostile military actions, we are subject to heightened risks of cybersecurity incidents and security breaches initiated by nation-state or affiliated actors. We and certain of our third-party providers have experienced cyberattacks on our IT infrastructure and systems. Given our industry, we expect continued targeting of cyberattacks, either directly against us or indirectly via our supply chain or third-party vendors, seeking unauthorized access to our data or our customers’ data or to disrupt our operations or our ability to provide services. We face many ongoing cybersecurity threats, such as the loss, misuse, theft, unavailability, or unauthorized disclosure or other processing of information or assets (including source code), or damage to or other compromise of systems, components, and other IT assets, including the introduction of malicious code or other vulnerabilities by people who obtain unauthorized access to our facilities, systems, or information. There are many different techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to systems and data, and such techniques continue to evolve and become more sophisticated, including the increasing use by threat actors of artificial intelligence, and the adversaries are becoming more advanced, including nation-states and actors sponsored by or affiliated with nation-states, which target us and other defense contractors because we have national security information in our possession, and other actors with substantial financial and technological resources. These techniques include, but are not limited to, the use of malicious software, destructive malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, phishing and other means of social engineering, and other means of causing system or network disruptions, obtaining unauthorized access to data or systems, or causing other cybersecurity breaches and incidents. Additionally, we are exposed to system and service disruptions, and cybersecurity breaches or incidents resulting from employee or contractor error, negligence, or malfeasance. Further, we expect continued cyberattacks directed at our supply chain. We face continued cybersecurity threats resulting from tools, services, or other third-party components and security vulnerabilities within, or introduced by, such tools, services, or components. Due to the rapidly evolving threat environment and other factors, we cannot guarantee protection against all such attacks. Further, due to the evolving nature of these security threats and the national security aspects of much of the data in our possession, the full impact of any future security breach or incident cannot be predicted. In addition, because certain of our products and services are integrated with our customers’ systems and processes, the circumvention or failure of our cybersecurity measures may compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our customers’ systems or data. We have acquired and continue to acquire companies with vulnerabilities or unsophisticated security measures, which exposes us to cybersecurity risks. We and our third-party partners have implemented various security measures, but our IT infrastructure, systems, networks, products, solutions, and services remain vulnerable to numerous additional known and unknown threats. We cannot guarantee that the measures we have implemented to prevent, detect, and respond to malicious activities will be effective or sufficient to prevent a cyberattack or other means of effecting cybersecurity breaches or incidents. For example, given the nature of complex systems like ours and the scanning tools that we deploy in our IT environment, we regularly identify and track known security vulnerabilities; however, we cannot guarantee that patches or mitigating measures will be implemented before any vulnerabilities can be exploited by a threat actor. If any of our IT infrastructure or systems are damaged, disrupted, or are otherwise impacted by security breaches or incidents, whether from cybersecurity attacks or other causes, or if we suffer any security breach or incident involving unauthorized access to, misuse, acquisition, disclosure, loss, alteration, or destruction of our data or other data we maintain or otherwise process, we could experience significant operational stoppages, disruptions, delays, and/or other detrimental impacts on our operations or investment in research, and may face increased costs, including increased costs of implementing new data protection and security measures, policies, and procedures, and costs associated with remediating and otherwise responding to the security breach or incident. Any such security breach or incident or the perception that it has occurred, also may result in reputational damage and increased operational costs, regulatory investigations, 16 proceedings, and orders, litigation or other demands, indemnity obligations, damages for contract breach, fines or penalties relating to actual or alleged violation of applicable laws, regulations, or contractual obligations, incentives offered to customers or other business partners in an effort to maintain business relationships, and other costs and liabilities. Such impacts could result in diminished competitive advantages and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, any unauthorized disclosure, use, or acquisition of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information could harm our competitive position, result in a loss of intellectual property protection, and otherwise reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to compensate for all liability relating to any actual or potential disruption or other security breach or incident. We cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. Data privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity may require significant resources and present certain risks. We collect, store, and otherwise process certain confidential or sensitive data, including personal data and other information that is subject to laws, regulations, customer-imposed controls, or other actual or asserted obligations. The laws, regulations, standards, and other actual and asserted obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity to which we may be subject, in the U.S. and globally, are evolving. For example, as a contractor to the Department of Defense, we are contractually required to protect controlled unclassified information and comply with certain cybersecurity regulations, including controls specified in the National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication 800-171 (“NIST SP 800-171”). The Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification program was also recently finalized, which will result in various compliance and contractual obligations in relation to our Department of Defense and related customers. In addition, in the European Union, the General Data Protection Regulation imposes stringent requirements applicable to processing personal data and provides for substantial penalties for noncompliance, and in the U.S., California and numerous other states have adopted comprehensive privacy laws, with other states considering such laws. Many jurisdictions around the world have passed or are considering laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity, including laws that impose cross-border data transfer restrictions and require certain personal data to be maintained on local servers. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with laws, regulations, or contractual or other actual or asserted obligations to which we are or are alleged to be subject relating to privacy, data protection, or cybersecurity could result in claims, litigation, and regulatory investigations and other proceedings, as well as damage to our reputation. These could result in substantial costs, diversion of resources, fines, penalties, and other damages and liabilities, and harm to our customer relationships, our market position, and our ability to attract new customer engagements. Any of these could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, potentially in a material manner. Increasing emission standards that drive certain product sales may be eased or delayed, which could reduce our competitive advantage. We sell components and systems that have been designed to meet strict emission standards, including standards that have not yet been implemented but are expected to be implemented soon. If these emission standards are eased, developed products may become unnecessary and/or our future sales could be lower as potential customers select alternative products or delay adoption of our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 17 Prices for fossil fuels may increase significantly and disproportionately to other sources of fuels used for power generation, which could reduce our sales and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Commercial producers of electricity use many of our components and systems, most predominately in their power plants that use natural gas as their fuel source. Commercial producers of electricity are often in a position to manage the use of different power plant facilities and make decisions based on operating costs. Compared to other sources of fuels used for power generation, natural gas prices have increased slower than fuel oil, but about the same as coal. This increase in natural gas prices and any future increases, whether in absolute dollars or relative to other fuel costs such as oil, could impact the sales mix of our components and systems, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Long-term reduced commodity prices for oil, natural gas, and other minerals may depress the markets for certain of our products and services, particularly those from our Industrial segment. Many of our Industrial segment OEM and services customers and our Aerospace segment rotorcraft product lines’ customers provide goods and services that support various industrial extraction activities, including mining, oil and gas exploration and extraction, and transportation of raw materials from extraction sites to refineries and/or processing facilities. Long-term lower prices for commodities such as oil, natural gas, gold, tin, and various other minerals could reduce exploration activities and place downward pressure on demand for our goods and services that support exploration and extraction activities. Business Risks If we fail to develop new products or enhance existing products, or our customers do not accept the new or enhanced products we develop, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected. The markets in which we operate experience rapidly changing technologies and frequent introductions of new products and services. We believe that we must continue to enhance our existing products and develop and manufacture new products with improved capabilities in order to effectively compete. We also must align our development activities with our customers’ development activities and expectations, along with emerging industry standards. Our technologies and the technological expertise we have developed and maintained could become less valuable if a competitor were to develop a new technology that would allow it to match or exceed the performance of existing technologies at a lower cost, or were to develop more efficient ways to produce their existing products that could cause our existing products or services to become less desirable or obsolete. We also believe that we must continue to make improvements in our productivity in order to maintain our competitive position. Difficulties or delays in research, development or production of new or enhanced products or failure to gain market acceptance of new or enhanced products and technologies may reduce future sales and adversely affect our competitive position. We continue to invest in the development and marketing of new or enhanced products. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient resources to make such investments, that we will be able to make the technological advances necessary to maintain competitive advantages, or that we can recover major research and development expenses. If we are unable to develop competitive technologies, make innovations, launch products with quality problems, or the market does not accept our new products, future sales or earnings could be lower than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, as new or enhanced products are introduced, we must successfully manage the transition from older products to minimize disruption in customers’ ordering patterns, avoid excessive levels of older product inventories, and ensure that we can deliver sufficient supplies of new products to meet customers’ demands. Our product development may be more costly than anticipated, or we may not be able to produce newly developed products at a cost that meets the anticipated product cost structure. Our business involves a significant level of product development activities and research and development costs. Maintaining our market position requires continued investment in research and development. During an economic downturn or a subsequent recovery, we may need to maintain our investment in research and development, which may limit our ability to reduce these expenses in proportion to a sales shortfall. In addition, increased investments in research and development may divert resources from other potential investments in our business, such as acquisitions or investments in our facilities, processes, and operations. If these activities are not as successful as currently anticipated, are not completed on a timely basis, or are more costly than currently anticipated, or if we are not able to produce newly developed products at a cost that meets the anticipated 18 product cost structure, then our future sales, margins and/or earnings could be lower than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Product liability claims, product recalls or other liabilities associated with the products and services we provide may force us to pay substantial damage awards and other expenses. The manufacture and sale of our products and the services we provide expose us to risks of product and other tort claims, and any resulting liability. We currently have and have had in the past product liability claims relating to our products, and we will likely be subject to additional product liability claims in the future for past, current, and future products. Some of these claims may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We also provide certain services to our customers and are subject to claims with respect to the services provided. In providing such services, we may rely on subcontractors to perform all or a portion of the contracted services. It is possible that we could be liable to our customers for work performed by a subcontractor. Regardless of the outcome, product liability claims can be expensive to defend, can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, and can cause reputational damage. While we believe that we have appropriate insurance coverage available to us related to any such claims, our insurance may not cover all liabilities or be available in the future at a cost acceptable to us. An unsuccessful result in connection with a product liability claim, where the liabilities are not covered by insurance or for which indemnification or other recovery is not available, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures, and other transactions we enter into could fail to achieve strategic objectives, disrupt our ongoing operations, result in operating difficulties, harm our business, and negatively impact our results of operations. As part of our business strategy, we have pursued, and expect to pursue acquisitions of other companies and assets. The identification, evaluation, and negotiation of potential acquisitions and other strategic transactions may divert the attention of management and entail various expenses, whether or not such transactions are ultimately completed. If we are able to complete a transaction, the success of these transactions depends on, among other things, our ability to integrate these businesses into our operations and realize the planned synergies. Integration of acquired operations may take longer, or be more costly or disruptive to our business, than originally anticipated. The integration of these acquisitions may require significant attention from our management, and the diversion of management’s attention and resources could have a material adverse effect on our ability to manage our business. We may also incur costs and divert management attention to acquisitions that are never consummated. Difficulties in the integration of the acquired business may include consolidating the operations, processes, and systems of the acquired business, retaining and motivating key management and members, and integrating existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. Even if integration is successful, the financial and operational results may differ materially from our assumptions and forecasts due to unforeseen expenses, delays, conditions, and liabilities. Evolving regulations such as changes in tax, trade, environmental, labor, safety, payroll, or pension policies could increase the expected costs of acquisitions, and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may impact the agreed upon purchase price. In addition, we may incur unanticipated costs or expenses following an acquisition, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, and other liabilities. Many of these factors are outside of our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues, and diversion of management’s time and attention. Failure to successfully implement our acquisition strategy, including successfully integrating acquired businesses, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We also may make strategic divestitures from time to time. We may experience difficulty separating out portions of, or entire, businesses, incur loss of revenue or experience negative impact on margins, or we may not achieve the desired strategic and financial benefits. In addition, these types of transactions may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the transaction, or we may remain liable for certain matters. We are not likely to have the same level of control over the divested business, and the performance of those divested businesses could affect our future financial results through additional payment obligations, higher costs or asset write-downs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 19 Our restructuring activities may reduce our profitability and may not have the intended effects. From time to time, we have implemented restructuring and other actions designed to reduce structural costs, improve operational efficiency, and position the Company for long-term profitable growth. Historically, our restructuring activities have included workforce management and other restructuring charges related to acquired businesses. Further, we may decide to implement restructuring or alignment activities in the future, which may involve, among other things, closing plants, moving production lines, or making additions, reductions, or other changes to our management or workforce. These restructuring and/or alignment activities generally result in charges and expenditures that may adversely affect our financial results for one or more periods. Restructuring and/or alignment activities can also create unanticipated consequences, such as instability or distraction among our workforce, and we cannot be sure that any restructuring or alignment efforts that we undertake will be successful. A variety of risks could cause us not to realize expected cost savings, including, among others, higher than expected severance costs related to staff reductions, higher than expected costs of closing plants, higher costs to hire new members or delays or difficulty hiring the members needed, higher than expected operating costs associated with moving production lines, delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to our cost-saving plan, and other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. If we are unable to structure our operations in light of evolving market conditions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our manufacturing activities may result in future environmental costs or liabilities. We use hazardous materials and/or regulated materials in our manufacturing operations. We also own, operate, have acquired, and may in the future acquire facilities that were formerly owned and operated by others that used such materials. We are subject to a substantial number of costly regulations and we must conform our operations to applicable regulatory requirements in all countries in which we operate. The risk that a significant release of regulated materials has occurred in the past or will occur in the future cannot be completely eliminated or prevented. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that we will not incur additional material costs or liabilities as a result of complying with these requirements. In addition, we may be subject to other environmental remediation costs such as participation in superfund sites or other similar jurisdictional initiatives. As a result, we may incur material costs or liabilities or be required to undertake future environmental remediation activities that could damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Failure of our production lines, or those of our subcontractors, to meet required certification standards could disrupt production. Our existing production lines, as well as the production lines of our subcontractors, are sometimes required to pass varying levels of qualification with certain of our customers. Some of our customers require that our production lines pass their specific qualification standards and that we, and any subcontractors that we may use, be registered under or certified to certain U.S. or international quality standards. We may be unable to obtain, maintain, or we may experience delays in obtaining, a certification or registration to a required quality standard. A delay in obtaining, or the failure to obtain a necessary quality certification or registration could result in significant out-of-sequence work and increased production costs, as well as delayed deliveries to customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurit y Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy We maintain a cybersecurity risk management program based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework to assess, identify, and manage cybersecurity risks. This program is designed to protect business continuity and preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and continued availability of our IT systems and infrastructure used in our business as well as the information that we own or is in our care and is integrated into our overall enterprise risk management program. 20 We have established processes to evaluate and address cybersecurity risks on an ongoing basis. As part of our risk management program, we engage with external third parties to measure the effectiveness of our cybersecurity program through penetration tests, control assessments, tabletop exercises, and other related activities. Further, we have implemented a defense-in-depth strategy in which we utilize real-time 24/7 monitoring to identify anomalies, potential threats, and alerts. This cybersecurity strategy incorporates frameworks, policies, and practices designed to protect the privacy and security of our sensitive information, backed by a suite of security technologies and tools to implement and automate select security protections. We maintain cyber risk and related insurance policies as a measure of added protection. We educate our members to raise awareness of cybersecurity threats. As part of our program, we maintain annual training for all members on cybersecurity standards and provide training on how to recognize and properly respond to phishing, social engineering schemes, and certain other cyber threats. We equip our members with a mechanism to easily report suspicious emails which are analyzed by our security systems and dedicated incident response team. We periodically send “Test” phishing assessments to our members. Any failures trigger a retraining exercise. Also, we have specific and regular training for our IT and finance members, as well as our system administrators. In addition, we maintain processes governing interconnections with third-party systems and we perform due diligence procedures before onboarding service providers with access to our systems or processing sensitive data on our behalf. This process includes, as applicable and appropriate based on risk profile and criticality, a review of System and Organization Controls ("SOC") 1 and SOC 2 reports (as each such report is defined by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants), ISO 27001 certifications, and/or Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certifications, as well as reviewing penetration tests, conducting vulnerability tests, and administering security questionnaires and assessments. We have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial conditi on. However, risks from cybersecurity threats, including but not limited to exploitation of vulnerabilities, ransomware, denial of service, supply chain attacks, or other similar threats may materially affect us, including our execution of business strategy, reputation, results of operations and/or financial condition. Nonetheless, our IT infrastructure, systems, networks, products, solutions, and services remain vulnerable to numerous additional known or unknown threats. For more information about the cybersecurity risks we face, please refer to Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in this Form 10-K, including the risk factor entitled “Our business and operations may be adversely affected by cybersecurity breaches or other information technology system or network interruptions or intrusions.” Cybersecurity Governance Our cybersecurity program is ultimately overseen by the Board of Directors (the "Board"). The Audit Committee has responsibility for the oversight of risk management activities related to cybersecurity and other information security and technology risks. Our cybersecurity program is implemented and administered by a dedicated team of internal and external cybersecurity professionals that conduct periodic control gap assessments, maturity assessments, and benchmarking against peers in the industry, monitor various security tools deployed in the IT environment and review threat intelligence and other information from various public and private sources. The team has decades of experience with varied certifications and is led by our Chief Information Security Officer ("CISO"), who reports to our Vice President of IT, has over 18 years of experience as an IT professional and in cybersecurity, including experience leading cybersecurity programs protecting high value assets and critical infrastructure, including in high-risk locations. Our Vice President of IT has been a key leader in our IT group for more than 25 years, including the last seven in his current role leading our IT function. He plays an integral role in cybersecurity risk assessment and mitigation in all corporate acquisitions, and he participated in the development and implementation of our initial cybersecurity program more than 20 years ago. Our CISO and Vice President of IT are primarily responsible for assessing and managing risks from cybersecurity threats to the Company. The CISO and Vice President of IT make regular reports to senior management regarding the cybersecurity program. We also have a notification process for appropriate escalation of cyber incidents by members of our internal cybersecurity team to senior management as appropriate, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and/or General Counsel, as well as to the Audit Committee. The senior management team, including the CISO and Vice President of IT, provides quarterly data protection and cybersecurity reports to the Audit Committee, as well as periodic reports to the full Board of Directors, which include information about cyber risk management, the cybersecurity risk environment, and the status of ongoing efforts to strengthen cybersecurity effectiveness. 21 Item 2 Pr operties The following is a summary of our principal facilities as of September 30, 2025: Country Location Plants Owned/Leased Segment Purpose United States Fort Collins, CO 2 Owned Aerospace & Industrial Corporate Headquarters; Manufacturing and engineering United States Greer, SC 1 Owned Aerospace Manufacturing and engineering United States Niles, IL 1 Owned Aerospace Manufacturing and engineering United States Rockford, IL 2 Owned Aerospace Manufacturing and engineering United States Santa Clarita, CA 1 Owned Aerospace Manufacturing and engineering United States Windsor, CO 1 Owned Aerospace & Industrial Manufacturing and engineering United States Zeeland, MI 1 Owned Aerospace Manufacturing and engineering Germany Aken 1 Owned Industrial Manufacturing and engineering Germany Glatten 1 Owned Industrial Manufacturing Germany Stuttgart 2 Owned/Leased Industrial Engineering Germany Wolfratshausen 1 Owned/Leased Industrial Manufacturing Poland Krakow 1 Owned Aerospace & Industrial Manufacturing and engineering China Suzhou 1 Leased Industrial Manufacturing China Tianjin 1 Leased Industrial Assembly United Kingdom Prestwick 1 Owned Aerospace Assembly Bulgaria Sofia 1 Leased Aerospace Manufacturing In addition to the principal plants listed above, we own or lease other facilities used primarily for sales, service activities, assembly, and/or engineering activities in Australia, Brazil, China, India, Japan, the Netherlands, the Republic of Korea, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Germany, Indonesia, and the United States. Our principal plants are suitable and adequate for the manufacturing and other activities performed at those plants, and we believe our utilization levels are generally high. Item 3. Leg al Proceedings We are currently involved in pending or threatened litigation or other legal proceedings, investigations, claims and/or regulatory proceedings arising in the normal course of business, including, among others, those relating to product liability claims, employment matters, worker’s compensation claims, contractual disputes, product warranty claims, and alleged violations of various laws and regulations. We accrue for known individual matters using estimates of the most likely amount of loss where it believes that it is probable the matter will result in a loss when ultimately resolved and such loss is reasonably estimable. While the outcome of pending claims, legal and regulatory proceedings, and investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that any liabilities that may result from these claims, proceedings and investigations will not have a material effect on our liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures Not applicable. 22 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market and is traded under the symbol “WWD.” At November 24, 2025, there were approximately 600 holders of record. While we have historically paid dividends to holders of our common shares on a quarterly basis, the declaration and payment of future dividends will depend on many factors, including but not limited to, our earnings, financial condition, business development needs and regulatory considerations, and are at the discretion of our board of directors. Performance Graph The following graph compares the cumulative 10-year total return to stockholders on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the S&P Midcap 400 index and the S&P Industrials index. The graph shows total stockholder return assuming an investment of $100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) was made on September 30, 2015 in our common stock and in each of the two indexes and tracks relative performance through September 30, 2025. We have used a period of 10 years as we believe that our stock performance should be reviewed over a period that is reflective of our long-term business cycle. 9/15 9/16 9/17 9/18 9/19 9/20 9/21 9/22 9/23 9/24 9/25 Woodward, Inc. $ 100.00 $ 154.80 $ 193.69 $ 203.25 $ 272.80 $ 204.07 $ 289.60 $ 206.71 $ 322.54 $ 448.06 $ 663.77 S&P Midcap 400 100.00 115.33 135.53 154.78 150.93 147.67 212.17 179.82 207.71 263.35 279.49 S&P Industrials 100.00 119.74 146.50 162.88 165.14 167.33 215.79 185.86 231.56 314.66 364.04 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 23 Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities ( In thousands, except share amounts ) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased under the Plans or Programs (1) July 1, 2025 - July 31, 2025 (2) 61,500 $ 244.34 61,400 $ 69,878 August 1, 2025 - August 31, 2025 (2) 61,433 256.87 61,400 54,098 September 1, 2025 - September 30, 2025 46,468 244.86 46,468 42,720 (1) In January 2024, the Board authorized a program for the repurchase of up to $600,000 of Woodward’s outstanding shares of common stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions over a three-year period ending in January 2027 (the “2024 Authorization”). (2) Under a trust established for the purposes of administering the Woodward Executive Benefit Plan (the "Executive Benefit Plan Trust"), 100 shares of common stock were acquired in July 2025. In addition, 33 shares of common stock were acquired in August 2025 on the open market related to the reinvestment of dividends for shares of treasury stock held for deferred compensation. Shares owned by the Executive Benefit Plan Trust, which is a separate legal entity, are included in "Treasury stock held for deferred compensation" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Ite m 6 . Reserved 24 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This Management’s Discussion and Analysis should be read together with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes included in this report. Dollar and number of share amounts contained in this discussion and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are in thousands, except per share amounts. For a discussion of the 2024 Results of Operations, including a discussion of the financial results for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, refer to Part I, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 26, 2024. OVERVIEW We enhance the global quality of life and sustainability by optimizing energy use through improved efficiency and lower emissions. We are an independent designer, manufacturer, and services provider of control solutions for the aerospace and industrial markets. We design, produce, and service reliable, efficient, low-emission, and high-performance energy control products for diverse applications in challenging environments. We have production and assembly facilities primarily in the United States, Europe, and Asia, and promote our products and services through our worldwide locations. Our strategic focus is providing energy control and optimization solutions for the aerospace and industrial markets. The precise and efficient control of energy, including motion, fluid, combustion, and electrical energy, is a growing requirement in the markets we serve, and we have developed and are executing on strategies to leverage the macro trends of reducing greenhouse gases, commercializing space, and accelerating the digital age. To facilitate a cleaner world, we are partnering with our customers to enable their equipment to be more efficient, capable of utilizing clean burning fuels, advancing fuel cells, and the integration of renewable power in both commercial and defense operations. Our core technologies can be leveraged across our markets and customer applications, enabling us to develop and integrate cost-effective and state-of-the-art fuel, combustion, fluid, actuation, and electronic systems. We focus primarily on serving OEMs and equipment packagers, partnering with them to bring superior component and system solutions to their demanding applications. We also provide service repair, maintenance, replacement, and other service support for our installed products. Our components and integrated systems optimize performance of commercial aircraft, defense aircraft, military ground vehicles and other equipment, gas and steam turbines, industrial diesel, gas, bio-diesel and dual-fuel reciprocating engines, and electrical power systems. Our innovative motion, fluid, combustion, and electrical energy control systems help our customers offer more cost-effective, cleaner, and more reliable equipment. Global Business Conditions As global trade dynamics continue to evolve, the impact of increased trade tensions and related tariffs with U.S. trading partners remains a key factor in shaping global economic activity, supply chains, and market stability. Future tariff adjustments may emerge as countries negotiate trade agreements, respond to geopolitical shifts, and address the challenges of inflation and global competition. We expect increased cost pressure resulting from the already announced tariffs, and there are uncertainties surrounding future tariff policy changes and enforcement. However, the Company’s production and supply bases are largely in the same regions where our products are sold, which we believe will mitigate our exposure. Woodward is closely tracking costs from our supply base and customer forecasts regarding the potential impact of currently announced tariff levels, changes to such levels, and actual and potential retaliatory trade actions. We have experienced and are expecting minimal levels of cost pressure as a result of the implemented tariffs. We are proactively working to mitigate this cost pressure, potential sales risks, and potential supply chain disruptions. BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND TRENDS We serve the aerospace and industrial markets. Aerospace Markets Our aerospace products and systems are primarily used to provide propulsion, actuation, and motion control in both commercial and defense fixed-wing aircraft, rotorcraft, smart defense, and other defense systems. Commercial OEM – In the commercial aerospace markets, global air traffic remained strong. However, due to a strike at Boeing during our first quarter of fiscal 2025, production levels at Boeing did not grow as much as anticipated during the fiscal year. We also experienced inventory management and normalization by our customers, particularly in the second half of the fiscal year. Overall, the commercial OEM market was slightly down year over year. During fiscal year 2025, overall 737 MAX orders improved, but deliveries for new orders lag by several years. In November 2024, Boeing's U.S. West Coast factory workers accepted a new contract offer, ending a seven-week strike that 25 halted production of the 737 MAX as well as the 777. As a result of the work stoppage and our disciplined and measured production ramp to meet demand following the work stoppage, our direct sales to Boeing for the first half of fiscal year 2025 were negatively impacted. We saw deliveries of the 737 MAX program increase in the second half of fiscal year 2025 as compared to the first half of the fiscal year, and we expect them to continue to increase in future periods as we do not expect the long-term demand for the aircraft to decline. Boeing's build rate did stabilize during fiscal year 2025 and, in October 2025, the FAA and Boeing jointly agreed they could increase the 737 build rates. The market expects Boeing to further increase its build rates in fiscal year 2026. Additionally, we anticipate an increase in OEM and initial provisioning sales for the 737 MAX and CFM LEAP engines in the coming months, which would have a positive effect on our business results. In fiscal year 2026, we expect steady global air traffic growth. In response, aircraft operators are taking delivery of the newest generation aircraft models to meet growing demand, replace aging aircraft, and achieve greater fuel efficiency, and lower emissions. The delivery of the newest generation of aircraft is expected to favor our product offerings because we have more content on those aircraft. We expect production levels to continue to grow due to strong OEM order backlogs for the new aircraft models and continued demand supply imbalance. Demand in the widebody aviation market improved in fiscal year 2025 compared to recent years due to recovering international travel, which has led to increasing production rates on the A350, A330neo, and Boeing 787. Further, we also expect narrowbody deliveries to improve due to backlog associated with single aisle programs and planned production ramps in fiscal year 2026 as compared to fiscal year 2025. We have content on the Airbus A220, A320neo, A330neo, Bell 429, Boeing 737 MAX, 777, 787, and Comac C919. We have been awarded content on the Boeing 777-9 and Airbus A350 as well as content on a variety of business jet platforms, among others. We continue to explore opportunities on new engine and aircraft programs that are under consideration. We recently announced that Airbus has selected Woodward as the supplier for the electro-hydraulic A350 Spoiler Actuation System. The agreement includes the supply of actuation systems for 12 of the 14 aircraft spoilers on the A350, as well as maintenance and repair services for the Woodward-supplied A350 Spoiler Actuation Systems in support of A350 operators and Airbus’ Flight Hour Services business. In addition, Woodward announced the acquisition of Safran’s electromechanical actuation business. With that comes the A350 Trimmable Horizontal Stabilizer Actuator ("THSA") product. These new product offerings with Airbus strengthen Woodward’s position for future product wins. Defense – In recent years, the defense industry has been strong as budgetary allocations have generally increased since 2016. Ongoing global conflicts and preparation for near-peer threats are leading to higher global defense budgets. The U.S. National Defense Authorization Act ("NDAA") for fiscal year 2025 resulted in higher levels of funding for procurement, research and development, and maintenance, which supported our growth for fiscal year 2025. We expect defense research and development, procurement, and maintenance to increase in future years, which would be beneficial for us for future opportunities in defense markets. Our involvement with a wide variety of defense programs in fixed-wing aircraft, rotorcraft, and weapons systems has provided relative stability for our defense market sales, as some newer programs increase (e.g., F-35 Lightning II and T-7A Trainer), and some legacy programs decrease (e.g., F/A-18 E/F Super Hornet and V-22 Osprey). Other programs are relatively steady (e.g., KC-46A Tanker, UH-60 Black Hawk, and A-64 Apache helicopter programs) and some legacy programs, such as the F-15, should maintain or potentially increase production. Smart defense programs for which we have sales include the Joint Direct Attack Munition (“JDAM”), Small Diameter Bomb (“SDB”), and AIM-9X smart defense systems. During fiscal year 2025, we experienced significant growth in smart defense programs. We expect overall demand to increase in the near term for these weapons programs. Services – Our commercial services business increased significantly in fiscal year 2025, as global air traffic continued to grow and initial provisioning sales have increased. In addition, our products have been selected for new aerospace platforms, and our content has increased across existing platforms, which drives increased services sales. With the entry into service of single aisle aircraft (Boeing 737 MAX and Airbus A320neo), we have seen a significant increase in initial provisioning sales to the operators of these new aircraft. The increasing utilization of LEAP and GTF engines, on which we have significant content, should further contribute to the anticipated future growth in the commercial services business. As aircraft production levels increase to accommodate rising passenger demand and to mitigate higher operating costs driven largely by higher fuel costs on older and less fuel-efficient aircraft, we expect airlines will retire older generation aircraft as they reach certain age thresholds (typically between 20 and 25 years). However, in the past few years, aircraft retirements have lagged historical levels because passenger demand has outpaced deliveries of the newest generation aircraft, forcing airlines to keep older generation legacy aircraft in service longer than anticipated. This has led to increased demand for repairs and spare parts for older engine programs remaining in service, consistent with air traffic growth. This dynamic applies to commercial services related to repairs and spare parts for mature legacy programs with large in-service fleets, 26 such as the Airbus A320 and the Boeing 777. In fiscal year 2026, we anticipate the commercial services growth rate to moderate as compared to fiscal year 2025 due to high levels of certain products in fiscal year 2025 and because we received advanced purchases from certain customers in the second half of fiscal year 2025 that we believe were made to take advantage of a window of trade stability. Our defense services sales declined slightly during fiscal year 2025 due to unfavorable mix. Defense budgets continue to support training missions and operations and maintenance upgrades. Global conflicts and growing international demand for various other military programs continue to drive demand for utilization of defense aircraft, including fighter jets, transports and both utility and attack rotorcraft, which are all supported by our products and systems. Although we expect variability, which is generally attributable to the cycling of various maintenance and upgrade programs, as well as actual usage, our outlook for defense services is strong. This is due primarily to growing fleets, the service lives of existing military programs being extended, and increased demand for repairs and spare parts for older military aircraft programs remaining in service. Industrial Markets Our industrial products are used worldwide in various types of turbine and reciprocating engine-powered equipment, including electric power generation and distribution systems, ships, locomotives, compressors, pumps, and other mobile and industrial machines. Power Generation – The demand for power generation, driven in part by rising data center requirements, remained robust in fiscal year 2025. A diverse mix of power generating assets serve this market, including heavy frame, aero derivative, small industrial gas turbines, and reciprocating engines. The increase in fiscal year 2025 was led by increased demand for power generation, data centers, and process industries, particularly in North America, the Middle East, and Asia. We expect this trend to continue as global electrification, renewable integration, and expanding data center loads drive increased electricity consumption. We anticipate continued increased demand in power generation in fiscal year 2026. Transportation – Our key markets for transportation include compressed natural gas and liquefied natural gas trucks in Asia, mining, and commercial and defense marine markets. In fiscal year 2025, we experienced a material decline in demand for our on‑highway natural gas truck business in China compared to fiscal year 2024. This material decline was due to the deteriorating Chinese economy, a narrower natural gas to diesel price spread, and elevated customer inventory levels; future demand remains uncertain due to the volatility of this business. In global marine markets, demand in fiscal year 2025 increased due to sustained ship build rates and the favorable mix of ships produced. Both commercial and defense marine customers continue to launch additional projects to support new programs or modernize fleets, including incorporating alternative fuels capability, which should drive expanded OEM and service opportunities because multi-fuel engines contain more of our content. Oil and Gas – During fiscal year 2025, we experienced growth driven by increased demand for solutions supporting liquified natural gas production. However, we did see decreased demand due to market dynamics related to global oil and gas processing. We expect market conditions to stabilize in fiscal year 2026, with early signs of increased demand for traditional oil and gas applications across both reciprocating engines and gas turbine solutions. 27 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Financial Highlights Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Net sales: Aerospace segment $ 2,312,806 $ 2,028,618 Industrial segment 1,254,258 1,295,631 Consolidated net sales $ 3,567,064 $ 3,324,249 Operating profit: Aerospace segment $ 506,613 $ 385,360 Segment earnings as a percent of segment net sales 21.9 % 19.0 % Industrial segment $ 182,524 $ 229,857 Segment earnings as a percent of segment net sales 14.6 % 17.7 % Consolidated net earnings $ 442,111 $ 372,971 Adjusted net earnings $ 423,553 $ 379,136 Effective tax rate 15.2 % 17.8 % Adjusted effective tax rate 17.7 % 18.0 % Consolidated diluted earnings per share $ 7.19 $ 6.01 Consolidated adjusted diluted earnings per share $ 6.89 $ 6.11 Earnings before interest and taxes ("EBIT") $ 562,911 $ 495,472 Adjusted EBIT $ 556,233 $ 503,615 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("EBITDA") $ 676,189 $ 611,642 Adjusted EBITDA $ 669,511 $ 619,785 Adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted effective tax rate, EBIT, adjusted EBIT, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA, are non-U.S. GAAP financial measures. A description of these measures, as well as a reconciliation of these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures, can be found under the caption “Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures” in this Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Liquidity Highlights Net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2025 was $471,294, compared to $439,089 for fiscal year 2024. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 was primarily attributable to increased earnings and the timing of certain tax payments, partially offset by working capital increases. For fiscal year 2025, free cash flow was $340,366, compared to $342,809 for fiscal year 2024. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less payments for property, plant, and equipment. The decrease in free cash flow for fiscal year 2025 as compared to the prior fiscal year was primarily due to higher capital expenditures, partially offset by higher earnings. Free cash flow is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure. A description of this measure as well as a reconciliation of this non-U.S. GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure can be found under the caption “Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures” in this Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. At September 30, 2025, we held $327,431 in cash and cash equivalents and had total outstanding debt of $702,202 with additional borrowing availability of $869,828, net of outstanding letters of credit, under our revolving credit agreement. At September 30, 2025, we also had additional borrowing capacity of $24,176 under various lines of credit and foreign overdraft facilities. 28 Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Other Selected Financial Data The following table sets forth consolidated statements of earnings data as a percentage of net sales for each period indicated: Year Ended September 30, 2025 % of Net Sales 2024 % of Net Sales Net sales $ 3,567,064 100 % $ 3,324,249 100 % Costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold 2,610,772 73.2 2,447,770 73.6 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 329,823 9.2 307,499 9.3 Research and development costs 147,568 4.1 140,676 4.2 Interest expense 45,689 1.3 47,959 1.4 Interest income (4,189 ) (0.1 ) (6,458 ) (0.2 ) Other income, net (84,010 ) (2.4 ) (67,168 ) (2.0 ) Total costs and expenses 3,045,653 85.4 2,870,278 86.3 Earnings before income taxes 521,411 14.6 453,971 13.7 Income tax expense 79,300 2.2 81,000 2.4 Net earnings $ 442,111 12.4 $ 372,971 11.2 Other select financial data: September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Working capital $ 977,025 $ 820,101 Total debt 702,202 872,470 Total stockholders' equity 2,566,390 2,176,416 2025 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 2025 Net Sales Compared to 2024 Consolidated net sales for fiscal year 2025 increased by $242,815, or 7.3%, compared to fiscal year 2024. Details of the changes in consolidated net sales are as follows: Consolidated net sales for the year ended September 30, 2024 $ 3,324,249 Aerospace volume 82,858 Industrial volume (119,300 ) Effects of changes in price 266,731 Effects of changes in foreign currency rates 12,526 Consolidated net sales for the year ended September 30, 2025 $ 3,567,064 In the Aerospace segment, the increase in net sales for fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024 was primarily attributable to price realization and higher sales volumes. In the Industrial segment, the decrease in net sales for fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024 was primarily attributable to lower sales volume and unfavorable mix, both related to reduced China on-highway demand, partially offset by price realization. We have experienced significant sales and earnings decreases in our China on-highway natural gas truck business in fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024. Future demand remains uncertain due to the volatility of this business. We also continue to monitor the evolving trade policy between the U.S. and China. 2025 Costs and Expenses Compared to 2024 Cost of goods sold increased by $163,002 to $2,610,772 for fiscal year 2025, from $2,447,770 for fiscal year 2024. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales declined slightly to 73.2% for fiscal year 2025, compared to 73.6% for fiscal year 2024. The increase in cost of goods sold on an absolute basis in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 is primarily due to net inflationary impacts on material and labor costs. 29 Gross margin (as measured by net sales less cost of goods sold, divided by net sales) was 26.8% for fiscal year 2025, compared to 26.4% for fiscal year 2024. Gross margin increased slightly for fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024, primarily due to price realization, partially offset by unfavorable mix. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $22,324, or 7.3%, to $329,823 for fiscal year 2025, compared to $307,499 for fiscal year 2024. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales were 9.2% for fiscal year 2025 and 9.3% for fiscal year 2024. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses on an absolute basis for fiscal year 2025 as compared to the prior fiscal year is primarily due to increased expenses relating to business development activities and higher project-related costs. Research and development costs increased by $6,892, or 4.9%, to $147,568 for fiscal year 2025, as compared to $140,676 for fiscal year 2024. The increase in research and development costs on an absolute basis for fiscal year 2025 as compared to the prior fiscal year is primarily due to variability in the timing of projects and expenses. Research and development costs as a percentage of net sales declined slightly to 4.1% for fiscal year 2025, as compared to 4.2% for fiscal year 2024. Our research and development activities extend across both our operating segments and almost all of our customer base, and we anticipate ongoing variability in research and development costs due to the timing of customer business needs on current and future programs. Interest expense declined slightly to $45,689, or 1.3% of net sales for fiscal year 2025, compared to $47,959 or 1.4% of net sales for fiscal year 2024. This was primarily due to a lower long-term debt balance after we paid the full principal balance on a series of private placement notes in the current fiscal year. Other income, net was $84,010 for fiscal year 2025, compared to $67,168 for fiscal year 2024. The increase in other income in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 was primarily attributable to a one-time gain related to product rationalization activities that was recognized in the current fiscal year that did not occur in the prior fiscal year. Income taxes were provided at an effective rate on earnings before income taxes of 15.2% for fiscal year 2025, compared to 17.8% for fiscal year 2024. The decrease in the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 is primarily attributable to a reduction in the German corporate tax rate and lower projected future withholding taxes on unremitted foreign earnings in the current fiscal year. These favorable items were partially offset by a reduced research and development credit, lower benefits related to foreign intangible income, and higher state income tax expense driven by increased U.S. earnings in the current fiscal year. Segment Results The following table presents sales by segment: Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Net sales: Aerospace $ 2,312,806 64.8% $ 2,028,618 61.0% Industrial 1,254,258 35.2% 1,295,631 39.0% Consolidated net sales $ 3,567,064 100% $ 3,324,249 100% The following table presents earnings by segment and reconciles segment earnings to consolidated net earnings: Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Aerospace $ 506,613 $ 385,360 Industrial 182,524 229,857 Nonsegment expenses (126,226 ) (119,745 ) Interest expense, net (41,500 ) (41,501 ) Consolidated earnings before income taxes 521,411 453,971 Income tax expense 79,300 81,000 Consolidated net earnings $ 442,111 $ 372,971 30 The following table presents segment earnings as a percent of segment net sales: Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Aerospace 21.9% 19.0% Industrial 14.6% 17.7% 2025 Segment Results Compared to 2024 Aerospace Aerospace segment net sales increased by $284,188, or 14.0% to $2,312,806 for fiscal year 2025, compared to $2,028,618 for fiscal year 2024. Segment net sales increased for fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024 primarily due to price realization and higher sales volumes. Commercial OEM sales decreased in fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024, primarily due to the Boeing work stoppage earlier in the year and our disciplined and measured production ramp that followed, along with inventory normalization by airframers that occurred in the second half of the year. We expect Commercial OEM sales to grow in fiscal year 2026. Commercial services sales increased in fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024 primarily due to favorable pricing and higher volume supported by sustained high aircraft utilization of legacy aircraft and improved throughput by the MRO rates. We believe a portion of the fiscal year 2025 growth in commercial services sales was influenced by certain customers making advanced purchases in the second half of the fiscal year to take advantage of a window of trade stability. Defense OEM sales increased in fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024, primarily driven by increased demand for our smart defense products, as well as price increases on certain smart defense products that took effect during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year. Defense services sales decreased in fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024 due to unfavorable mix. Aerospace segment earnings increased by $121,253, or 31.5%, to $506,613 for fiscal year 2025, compared to $385,360 for fiscal year 2024. The net increase in Aerospace segment earnings for fiscal year 2025 was due to the following: Earnings for the period ended September 30, 2024 $ 385,360 Sales volume and mix 17,464 Price, inflation, and productivity 138,887 Manufacturing expenses (40,953 ) Other, net 5,855 Earnings for the period ended September 30, 2025 $ 506,613 Aerospace segment earnings as a percentage of segment net sales were 21.9% for fiscal year 2025 and 19.0% for fiscal year 2024. The increase in Aerospace segment earnings for fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024 was primarily due to price realization and higher sales volumes, partially offset by strategic investments in manufacturing capabilities, unfavorable mix, and inflation. Industrial Industrial segment net sales decreased by $41,373, or 3.2%, to $1,254,258 for fiscal year 2025, compared to $1,295,631 for fiscal year 2024. This decrease was largely a result of lower sales volume and unfavorable mix, both related to reduced China on-highway demand, partially offset by price realization. Industrial segment earnings decreased by $47,333, or 20.6%, to $182,524 for fiscal year 2025, compared to $229,857 for fiscal year 2024. 31 The net decrease in Industrial segment earnings for fiscal year 2025 was due to the following: Earnings for the period ended September 30, 2024 $ 229,857 Sales volume and mix (82,055 ) Price, inflation, and productivity 55,414 Effects of changes in foreign currency rates 8,339 Other, net (29,031 ) Earnings for the period ended September 30, 2025 $ 182,524 Industrial segment earnings as a percentage of segment net sales were 14.6% for fiscal year 2025, compared to 17.7% for fiscal year 2024. The decrease in Industrial segment earnings for fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024 was primarily a result of lower sales volume and unfavorable mix, partially offset by price realization. We have experienced significant sales and earnings decreases in our China on-highway natural gas truck business in fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024. Future demand remains uncertain due to the volatility of this business. We also continue to monitor the evolving trade policy between the U.S. and China. Nonsegment Nonsegment expenses increased by $6,481 to $126,226 for fiscal year 2025, compared to $119,745 for fiscal year 2024. The significant items that impacted nonsegment expenses in the current fiscal year as compared to the prior fiscal year were: Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Nonsegment expenses $ (126,226 ) $ (119,745 ) Product rationalization (20,524 ) — Business development activities 7,310 5,902 Specific charge for excess and obsolete inventory 6,536 — Non-recurring gain related to a previous acquisition — (4,803 ) Non-recurring charge related to a previous acquisition — 4,378 Certain non-restructuring separation costs — 2,666 Nonsegment expenses excluding infrequent significant charges and gains $ (132,904 ) $ (111,602 ) Excluding these charges in the above table, nonsegment expenses increased $21,302 in fiscal year 2025 as compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to increased headcount and higher project-related costs. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Historically, we have met working capital, capital expenditure, product development, and other liquidity needs through net cash provided by operating activities and borrowings under our credit facilities. We have supplemented liquidity by issuing debt as needed to fund acquisitions, refinance obligations, or repay other indebtedness. We expect that cash generated from our operating activities, together with borrowings under our revolving credit facility and other borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to fund our continuing operating needs for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. However, we could be adversely affected if the financial institutions providing our capital refuse to honor their contractual commitments, cease lending, or declare bankruptcy. We believe the lending institutions participating in our credit arrangements are financially stable. Our total cash and cash equivalents were $327,431 at September 30, 2025 and $282,270 at September 30, 2024, and our working capital was $977,025 at September 30, 2025 and $820,101 at September 30, 2024. Of the cash and cash equivalents held at September 30, 2025, $324,617 was held by our foreign locations. We are not presently aware of any significant restrictions on the repatriation of these funds, although a portion is considered indefinitely reinvested in certain foreign subsidiaries. If these funds were needed to fund our operations or satisfy obligations in the United States, then they could be repatriated, and their repatriation into the United States may cause us to incur additional U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes. Any additional U.S. taxes could be offset, in part or in whole, by foreign tax credits. The amount of such taxes and application of tax credits would be dependent on the income tax laws and other circumstances at the 32 time these amounts are repatriated. Based on these variables, it is impractical to determine the income tax liability that might be incurred if these funds were to be repatriated. Our revolving credit facility, as amended, provides a borrowing capacity of up to $1,000,000 with the option to increase total available borrowings to up to $1,500,000, subject to lenders’ participation. We can borrow against our revolving credit facility as long as we are in compliance with all of our debt covenants. We believe we were in compliance with all our debt covenants as of September 30, 2025. See Note 15, Credit facilities, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in “Item 8 – Financial Statements and Supplemental Data,” for more information about our covenants. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility can be made in U.S. dollars or in foreign currencies other than the U.S. dollar, provided that the U.S. dollar equivalent of any foreign currency borrowings and U.S. dollar borrowings does not, in total, exceed the borrowing capacity of the revolving credit facility. Historically, we have used borrowings under our revolving credit facilities to meet certain short-term working capital needs, as well as for strategic uses, including repurchases of our common stock, payments of dividends, acquisitions, and facility expansions. In addition to our revolving credit facility, we have various foreign credit facilities, some of which are tied to net amounts on deposit at certain foreign financial institutions. These foreign credit facilities are reviewed annually for renewal. We use borrowings under these foreign credit facilities to finance certain local operations on a periodic basis. For further discussion of our revolving credit facility and our other credit facilities, see Note 15, Credit facilities, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. At September 30, 2025, we had total outstanding debt of $702,202 consisting of various series of unsecured notes due between 2025 and 2033, and amounts borrowed under our revolving credit facility, and our finance leases. On November 17, 2025, Woodward paid the entire principal balance of $75,000 on the Series I and L Notes using proceeds from borrowings under its existing revolving credit facility. At September 30, 2025, we had additional borrowing availability of $869,828 under our revolving credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit, and additional borrowing availability of $24,176 under various foreign credit facilities. At September 30, 2025, we had $122,300 outstanding amount borrowed under our revolving credit facility. Revolving credit facility and short-term borrowing activity during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025 were as follows: Maximum daily balance during the period $ 359,100 Average daily balance during the period $ 264,546 Weighted average interest rate on average daily balance 5.41 % Our ability to service our long-term debt, to remain in compliance with the various restrictions and covenants contained in our debt agreements, and to fund working capital, capital expenditures, and product development efforts will depend on our ability to generate cash from operating activities, which in turn is subject to, among other things, future operating performance as well as general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other conditions, some of which may be beyond our control. Capital Resources The following table summarizes certain cash requirements for known contractual and other obligations as of September 30, 2025, and the estimated timing thereof. Current Long-term Total Long-term debt, including finance leases $ 122,934 $ 457,613 $ 580,547 Pension and other post retirement 15,862 154,191 170,053 Purchase obligations 640,763 157,813 798,576 On September 16, 2025, we announced plans to build a precision manufacturing facility in Greer, South Carolina, in Spartanburg County. The new site is a strategic investment for us and will require significant capital investment in the upcoming fiscal years. The site is expected to become operational in 2027 and will progressively scale production and hiring in subsequent years to meet market demand. 33 Cash Flows Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 471,294 $ 439,089 Net cash used in investing activities (119,553 ) (89,217 ) Net cash used in financing activities (313,926 ) (218,047 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 7,346 12,998 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 45,161 144,823 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 282,270 137,447 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 327,431 $ 282,270 2025 Cash Flows Compared to 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2025 was $471,294, compared to $439,089 for fiscal year 2024. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 was primarily attributable to increased earnings and the timing of certain tax payments, partially offset by working capital increases. Net cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2025 was $119,553, compared to $89,217 in fiscal year 2024. The increase in cash used in investing activities in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 was primarily due to increased payments for property, plant, and equipment, as well as payments related to the business acquisition of the Safran Electronics & Defense electromechanical actuation business, all partially offset by proceeds received from certain business divestitures as part of our product rationalization efforts. Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal year 2025 was $313,926, compared to $218,047 in fiscal year 2024. The increase in net cash flows used in financing activities in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 was primarily attributable to the change from net debt borrowings to net debt payments, partially offset by decreases in repurchases of common stock. During fiscal year 2025, we had net debt payments in the amount of $180,672, compared to net debt borrowings of $141,183 in fiscal year 2024. During fiscal year 2025, we made $172,857 of cash repurchases of common stock, compared to $390,819 of cash repurchases of common stock during fiscal year 2024. Non-U.S. GAAP Financial Measures Adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted income tax expense, adjusted effective tax rate, EBIT, adjusted EBIT, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow are financial measures not prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, we believe these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures provide additional information that enables readers to evaluate our business from the perspective of management. Earnings based non-U.S. GAAP financial measures Adjusted net earnings is defined by the Company as net earnings excluding, as applicable, (i) product rationalization, (ii) costs related to business development activities, (iii) a specific charge for excess and obsolete inventory, (iv) a non-recurring gain related to a previous acquisition, (v) a non-recurring charge related to a previous acquisition, (vi) certain non-restructuring separation costs, and (vii) the impact of a German corporate tax rate reduction. The product rationalization adjustment pertains to the elimination and divestiture of certain product lines. The specific charge for excess and obsolete inventory relates to the intended disposal of certain inventory in our Industrial segment due in part to an unexpected shift in sales patterns. This non-recurring charge is not related to product rationalization and reflects an isolated event. The Company believes that these excluded items are short-term in nature, not directly related to the ongoing operations of the business, and therefore, their exclusion illustrates more clearly how the underlying business of Woodward is performing. Management uses adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted effective tax rate, and adjusted income tax expense to evaluate the Company’s performance excluding these infrequent or unusual period expenses that are not necessarily indicative of the Company’s operating performance for the period. Management defines adjusted earnings per share as adjusted net earnings, as defined above, divided by the weighted-average number of diluted shares of common stock outstanding for the period. Adjusted income tax expense is defined by the Company as income tax expense excluding, as applicable, (i) product rationalization, (ii) costs related to business development activities, (iii) a specific charge for excess and obsolete inventory, (iv) a non-recurring gain related to a previous acquisition, (v) a non-recurring charge related to a previous acquisition, (vi) certain non-restructuring separation costs, and (vii) the impact of a German corporate tax rate reduction. The product rationalization adjustment pertains to the elimination and divestiture of certain product 34 lines. The specific charge for excess and obsolete inventory relates to the intended disposal of certain inventory in our Industrial segment due in part to an unexpected shift in sales patterns. This non-recurring charge is not related to product rationalization and reflects an isolated event. The reconciliation of net earnings and earnings per share to adjusted net earnings and adjusted earnings per share, respectively, for the fiscal years ended 2025 and 2024 and are shown in the table below: Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Net Earnings Earnings Per Share Net Earnings Earnings Per Share Net earnings (U.S. GAAP) $ 442,111 $ 7.19 $ 372,971 $ 6.01 Non-U.S. GAAP adjustments, net of tax: Product rationalization 1 (20,524 ) (0.33 ) — — Business development activities 2 7,310 0.12 5,902 0.10 Specific charge for excess and obsolete inventory 3 6,536 0.11 — — Non-recurring gain related to a previous acquisition 1 — — (4,803 ) (0.08 ) Non-recurring charge related to a previous acquisition 2 — — 4,378 0.07 Certain non-restructuring separation costs 2 — — 2,666 0.04 Tax effect of Non-U.S. GAAP net earnings adjustments 1,512 0.02 (1,978 ) (0.03 ) Total non-U.S. GAAP adjustments (5,166 ) (0.08 ) 6,165 0.10 German corporate tax rate reduction impact 4 (13,392 ) (0.22 ) — — Adjusted net earnings (Non-U.S. GAAP) $ 423,553 $ 6.89 $ 379,136 $ 6.11 (1) Presented in the line item "Other income, net" in Woodward's Consolidated Statement of Earnings. (2) Presented in the line item "Selling, general and administrative expenses" in Woodward's Consolidated Statement of Earnings. (3) Presented in the line item "Cost of goods sold" in Woodward's Consolidated Statement of Earnings. (4) Presented in the line item "Income tax expense" in Woodward's Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The reconciliation of income tax expense to adjusted income tax expense and the adjusted effective tax rate are shown in the table below: Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Income tax expense (U.S. GAAP) $ 79,300 $ 81,000 Tax effect of Non-U.S. GAAP net income adjustments 11,880 1,978 Adjusted income tax expense (Non-U.S. GAAP) $ 91,180 $ 82,978 Adjusted effective tax rate (Non-U.S. GAAP) 17.7 % 18.0 % Management uses EBIT to evaluate our performance without financing and tax related considerations, as these elements may not fluctuate with operating results. Management uses EBITDA in evaluating our operating performance, making business decisions, including developing budgets, managing expenditures, forecasting future periods, and evaluating capital structure impacts of various strategic scenarios. Securities analysts, investors and others frequently use EBIT and EBITDA in their evaluation of companies, particularly those with significant property, plant, and equipment, and intangible assets subject to amortization. The Company believes that EBIT and EBITDA are useful measures to the investor when measuring operating performance as they eliminate the impact of financing and tax expenses, which are non-operating expenses and may be driven by factors outside of our operations, such as changes in tax laws or regulations, and, in the case of EBITDA, the noncash charges associated with depreciation and amortization. Further, as interest from financing, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization can vary dramatically between companies and between periods, management believes that the removal of these items can improve comparability. Adjusted EBIT and adjusted EBITDA represent further non-U.S. GAAP adjustments to EBIT and EBITDA, in each case adjusted to exclude, as applicable, (i) product rationalization, (ii) costs related to business development activities, (iii) a specific charge for excess and obsolete inventory, (iv) a non-recurring gain related to a previous acquisition, (v) a non-recurring charge related to a previous acquisition, and (vi) certain non-restructuring separation costs. The product rationalization adjustment pertains to the elimination and divestiture of certain product lines. The specific charge for excess 35 and obsolete inventory relates to the intended disposal of certain inventory in our Industrial segment due in part to an unexpected shift in sales patterns. This non-recurring charge is not related to product rationalization and reflects an isolated event. As these charges are infrequent or unusual items that can be variable from period to period and do not fluctuate with operating results, management believes that by removing these gains and charges from EBIT and EBITDA it improves comparability of past, present, and future operating results and provides consistency when comparing EBIT and EBITDA between periods. EBIT and adjusted EBIT reconciled to net earnings were as follows: Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Net earnings (U.S. GAAP) $ 442,111 $ 372,971 Income tax expense 79,300 81,000 Interest expense 45,689 47,959 Interest income (4,189 ) (6,458 ) EBIT (Non-U.S. GAAP) 562,911 495,472 Non-U.S. GAAP adjustments: Product rationalization (20,524 ) — Business development activities 7,310 5,902 Specific charge for excess and obsolete inventory 6,536 — Non-recurring gain related to a previous acquisition — (4,803 ) Non-recurring charge related to a previous acquisition — 4,378 Certain non-restructuring separation costs — 2,666 Total non-U.S. GAAP adjustments (6,678 ) 8,143 Adjusted EBIT (Non-U.S. GAAP) $ 556,233 $ 503,615 EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA reconciled to net earnings were as follows: Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Net earnings (U.S. GAAP) $ 442,111 $ 372,971 Income tax expense 79,300 81,000 Interest expense 45,689 47,959 Interest income (4,189 ) (6,458 ) Amortization of intangible assets 28,224 33,592 Depreciation expense 85,054 82,578 EBITDA (Non-U.S. GAAP) 676,189 611,642 Non-U.S. GAAP adjustments: Product rationalization (20,524 ) — Business development activities 7,310 5,902 Specific charge for excess and obsolete inventory 6,536 — Non-recurring gain related to a previous acquisition — (4,803 ) Non-recurring charge related to a previous acquisition — 4,378 Certain non-restructuring separation costs — 2,666 Total non-U.S. GAAP adjustments (6,678 ) 8,143 Adjusted EBITDA (Non-U.S. GAAP) $ 669,511 $ 619,785 The use of these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share, adjusted income tax expense, adjusted effective tax rate, EBIT, adjusted EBIT, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA exclude certain financial information compared with net earnings, the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, users of this financial information should consider the information that is excluded. Our calculations of adjusted net earnings, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted income tax expense, adjusted effective tax rate, EBIT, adjusted EBIT, EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 36 Cash flow-based non-U.S. GAAP financial measures Management uses free cash flow, which is defined as net cash flows provided by operating activities less payments for property, plant, and equipment, in reviewing the financial performance of and cash generation by the Company’s various business groups and evaluating cash levels. We believe free cash flow is a useful measure for investors because it portrays our ability to grow organically and generate cash from our businesses for purposes such as paying interest on our indebtedness, repaying maturing debt, funding business acquisitions, investing in research and development, purchasing our common stock, and paying dividends. In addition, securities analysts, investors, and others frequently use free cash flow in their evaluation of companies. The use of this non-U.S. GAAP financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation of, or as substitutes for, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Free cash flow does not necessarily represent funds available for discretionary use and is not necessarily a measure of our ability to fund our cash needs. Our calculation of free cash flow may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. Free cash flow reconciled to net cash provided by operating activities was as follows: Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities (U.S. GAAP) $ 471,294 $ 439,089 Payments for property, plant and equipment (130,928 ) (96,280 ) Free cash flow (Non-U.S. GAAP) $ 340,366 $ 342,809 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Note 1, Operations and summary of significant accounting policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The estimates and assumptions described below are those that we consider to be most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they involve significant judgments and uncertainties. All these estimates reflect our best judgment about current, and for some estimates, future economic and market conditions, and their effects based on information available as of the date of these financial statements. As estimates are updated or actual amounts are known, our critical accounting estimates are revised, and operating results may be affected by the revised estimates. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, and the Audit Committee has reviewed our disclosures in this Management’s Discussion and Analysis. Revenue recognition Revenue is recognized on contracts with customers for arrangements in which quantities and pricing are fixed and/or determinable and are generally based on customer purchase orders, often within the framework of a long-term supply arrangement with the customer. We recognize revenue for performance obligations within a customer contract when control of the associated product or service is transferred to the customer. Some of our contracts with customers contain a single performance obligation, while other contracts contain multiple performance obligations. Each product within a contract generally represents a separate performance obligation as we do not provide significant installation and integration services, the products do not customize each other, and the products can function independently of each other. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the customer obtains control of the associated product or service. When there are multiple performance obligations within a contract, we generally use the observable standalone sales price for each distinct product or service within the contract to allocate the transaction price to the distinct products or services. In instances when a standalone sales price for each product or service is not observable within the contract, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation using an estimate of the standalone selling price for each product or service, which is generally based on incurred costs plus a reasonable margin, for each distinct product or service in the contract. When determining the transaction price of each contract, we consider contractual consideration payable by the customer and variable consideration that may affect the total transaction price. Variable consideration, consisting of early 37 payment discounts, rebates, and other sources of price variability, are included in the estimated transaction price based on both customer-specific information as well as historical experience. We regularly review our estimates of variable consideration on the transaction price and recognize changes in estimates on a cumulative catch-up basis as if the most current estimate of the transaction price adjusted for variable consideration had been known as of the inception of the contract. Point in time and over time revenue recognition Control of the products generally transfers to the customer at a point in time, if the customer does not control the products as they are produced. We exercise judgment and consider the timing of right of payment, transfer of the risk and rewards, transfers of title, transfer of physical possession, and customer acceptance when determining when control of the product transfers to the customer, generally upon shipment of products. Performance obligations are satisfied and revenue is recognized over time if: (i) the customer receives the benefits as we perform work, (ii) if the customer controls the asset as it is being enhanced, or (iii) if the product being produced for the customer has no alternative use to us and we have an enforceable right to payment with a profit. When services are provided, revenue from those services is recognized over time because control is transferred continuously to customers as we perform the work. For services that are not short-term in nature, MRO and sales of products that have no alternative use to us and an enforceable right to payment with a profit, we use an actual cost input measure to determine the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. For these revenue streams, revenue is recognized over time as work is performed based on the relationship between actual costs incurred to-date for each contract and the total estimated costs for such contract at completion of the performance obligation (the cost-to-cost method). We have concluded that this measure of progress best depicts the transfer of assets to the customer, because incurred costs are integral to our completion of the performance obligation under the specific customer contract and correlate directly to the transfer of control to the customer. Contract costs include labor, material, and overhead. Contract cost estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events. These assumptions include labor productivity, and availability; the complexity of the work to be performed; the cost and availability of materials; the performance of subcontractors; and the availability and timing of funding from the customer. Revenues, including estimated fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. Inventories Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Inventory cost is determined using methods that approximate the first-in, first-out basis. We include product costs, labor, and related fixed and variable overhead in the cost of inventories. Inventory net realizable values are determined by giving substantial consideration to the expected product selling price. We estimate expected selling prices based on our historical recovery rates, general economic, and market conditions, the expected channel of disposition, and current customer contracts and preferences. Actual results may differ from our estimates due to changes in resale or market value and the mix of these factors. We monitor inventory for events or circumstances, such as negative margins, recent sales history suggesting lower sales value, or changes in customer preferences, which would indicate the net realizable value of inventory is less than the carrying value of inventory, and management records adjustments as necessary. When inventory is written down below cost, such reduced amount is considered the cost for subsequent accounting purposes. Our recording of inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value has not historically required material adjustments once initially established. The carrying value of inventory was $654,608 at September 30, 2025 and $609,092 at September 30, 2024. If economic conditions, customer product requirements, or other factors significantly reduce future customer demand for our products from forecast levels, then future adjustments to the carrying value of inventory may become necessary. We attempt to maintain inventory quantities at levels considered necessary to fill firm and expected orders in a reasonable time frame, which we believe mitigates our exposure to future inventory carrying cost adjustments. Reviews for impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets We have one indefinitely lived intangible asset consisting of the Woodward L’Orange trade name. At September 30, 2025, the carrying value of the Woodward L’Orange trade name intangible asset was $68,010, representing approximately 1% of our total assets. The Woodward L’Orange trade name intangible asset is analyzed for impairment on an annual basis and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the fair value of the Woodward L’Orange intangible asset may be below its carrying amount. 38 During the fourth quarter, we completed the annual impairment analysis, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, of the Woodward L’Orange trade name intangible asset as of July 31, 2025. The results of the annual impairment analysis performed as of July 31, 2025 indicated the estimated fair value of the Woodward L’Orange trade name intangible asset was in excess of its carrying value, and accordingly, no impairment existed. We test for impairment by performing a qualitative assessment or by using a quantitative assessment. In fiscal year 2025, we elected to perform a qualitative assessment and determined it was not more likely than not that our reporting units carrying value was more than its fair value, therefore the quantitative assessment was not performed. Using the qualitative assessment, qualitative factors may include, but are not limited to, economic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance of the reporting unit and other entity and reporting unit specific events. In fiscal year 2024, we performed a quantitative assessment using a combination of a discounted cash flow analysis and market multiples based upon historical and projected financial information. The quantitative assessment consists of comparing the fair value of the Woodward L’Orange trade name intangible asset, determined using discounted cash flows based on the relief from royalty method under the income approach, with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the Woodward L’Orange trade name intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss would be recognized to reduce the carrying amount to its fair value. We have not recorded any impairment charges associated with the indefinitely lived intangible asset since it was acquired. As part of our ongoing monitoring efforts to assess the Woodward L’Orange trade name indefinite lived asset for possible indications of impairment, we will continue to consider a wide variety of factors, including but not limited to the global economic environment and its potential impact on our business. Income taxes We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We establish reserves for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. The reserves are established when we believe that certain positions are likely to be challenged and may not be fully sustained on review by tax authorities. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or refinement of an estimate. Although we believe our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will be consistent with what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the current provision for income taxes. Significant judgment is also required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. The determination of the amount of valuation allowance to be provided on recorded deferred tax assets involves estimates regarding the timing and amount of the reversal of taxable temporary differences, expected future taxable income, and the impact of tax planning strategies. A valuation allowance is established to offset any deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. Changes in the relevant facts can significantly impact the judgment or need for valuation allowances. In the event we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be affected by earnings that are different than those anticipated in countries that have lower or higher tax rates; by transfer pricing adjustments; and/or changes in tax laws, regulations, and accounting principles, including accounting for uncertain tax positions, or interpretations thereof. There can be no assurance that these items will remain stable over time. Additionally, we record through income tax expense all future excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies from stock options exercised. This creates unpredictable volatility in the effective tax rate because the additional expense or benefit recognized each quarter is based on the timing of the member’s election to exercise any vested stock options outstanding, which is outside our control, and the market price of our shares at the time of exercise, which is subject to market volatility. 39 Our effective tax rates differ from the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to the tax impact of foreign operations, adjustments of valuation allowances, research tax credits, state taxes, and tax audit settlements. In addition to potential local country tax law and policy changes that could impact the provision for income taxes, management’s judgment about and intentions concerning the repatriation of foreign earnings could also significantly impact the provision for income taxes. Management reassesses its judgment regularly, taking into consideration the potential tax impacts of these judgments, and intentions. On July 4, 2025 “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” was signed into law. This new law made changes to various U.S. federal income tax items that have effective dates in fiscal years 2025, 2026, and 2027. Woodward is still assessing the impacts of this Act on our consolidated financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk In the normal course of business, we have exposures to interest rate risk from our long-term and short-term debt and our postretirement benefit plans, and foreign currency exchange rate risk related to our foreign operations and foreign currency transactions. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk, Interest Rate Risk, and Related Hedging Activities We are impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates when we sell product in currencies different from the currency in which product and manufacturing costs were incurred. The functional currencies and our purchasing and sales activities primarily include USD, EUR, RMB, JPY, and GBP. We may also be impacted by changes in the relative buying power of our customers, which may impact sales volumes either positively or negatively. As these currencies fluctuate against each other, and other currencies, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk on sales, purchasing transactions, and labor. Foreign currency exchange rate risk is reduced through the maintenance of local production facilities in the markets we serve, which we believe creates a natural hedge to our foreign currency exchange rate exposure. The percentages of our net sales denominated in a currency other than the USD were as follows: For the Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Functional currency: EUR 16.0 % 14.1 % RMB 3.6 % 8.7 % JPY 2.3 % 2.3 % GBP 2.4 % 2.0 % All other foreign currencies 2.9 % 2.7 % 27.2 % 29.8 % Currency exchange rates vary daily and often one currency strengthens against the USD while another currency weakens. Because of the complex interrelationship of our worldwide supply chains and distribution channels, it is difficult to quantify the impact of a particular change in exchange rates. We use derivative and/or hedging instruments as risk management tools that involve complexity and are not used for trading or speculative purposes. From time to time, we will enter into a foreign currency exchange rate contract to hedge against changes in foreign currency exchange rates on liabilities expected to be settled at a future date. Market risk arises from the potential adverse effects on the value of derivative instruments that result from a change in foreign currency exchange rates. We minimize this market risk by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types of, and degree to which we enter into, derivative instruments. We enter into derivative instruments for risk management purposes only. We do not enter into or issue derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, we had no open foreign currency exchange rate contracts and all previous exchange rate derivative instruments were settled or terminated. For more information on derivative instruments, see Note 8, Derivative instruments and hedging activities , in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in “Item 8 – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” Our reported financial results of operations, including the reported value of our assets and liabilities, are also impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The assets and liabilities of substantially all of our subsidiaries outside the United States are translated at period end rates of exchange for each reporting period. Earnings and cash flow statements are translated at weighted-average rates of exchange. Although these translation changes have no immediate cash impact, the translation changes may impact future borrowing capacity, debt covenants, and the overall value of our 40 net assets. In addition, we also have assets and liabilities, specifically accounts receivable, accounts payable, and current inter-company receivables and payables, whose carrying amounts approximate their fair value, which are denominated in currencies other than their relevant functional currencies. Foreign currency exchange rate risk is mitigated through several means, including the invoicing of customers in the same currency as the source of the products, and the prompt settlement of inter-company balances utilizing a global netting system. 41 Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data REPORT OF INDEPE NDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Woodward, Inc. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Woodward, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive earnings, cash flows, and stockholders' equity, for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and 42 directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Point in time and over time revenue recognition and material rights and costs to fulfill a contract – Refer to Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company recognizes revenue for performance obligations within a customer contract when control of the associated product or service is transferred to the customer. The Company also identifies and measures material rights associated with consideration it receives from customers for funded research and development activities related to long-term supply contracts. • Performance obligations are satisfied and revenue is recognized over time if: (i) the customer receives the benefits as Woodward performs work, (ii) if the customer controls the asset as it is being enhanced, or (iii) if the product being produced for the customer has no alternative use to Woodward and Woodward has an enforceable right to payment with a profit. For products being produced for the customer that have no alternative use to Woodward and Woodward has an enforceable right to payment with a profit, and where the products are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer, revenue is recognized as a series of distinct products. Revenue is recognized at a point in time if the conditions above are not met. Revenue recognized over time and at a point in time was $1,937,766 and $1,629,298, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2025. • Customers sometimes pay consideration to Woodward for product engineering and development activities that do not result in the immediate transfer of distinct products or services to the customer. There is an implicit assumption that without the customer making such advance payments to Woodward, Woodward’s future sales of products or services to the customer would be at a higher selling price; therefore, such payments create a “material right” to the customer that effectively gives the customer an option to acquire future products or services, at a discount, that are dependent upon the product engineering and development. Material rights are recorded as contract liabilities and will be recognized when control of the related products or services are transferred to the customer. Deferred revenue from material rights related to engineering and development funding as of September 30, 2025 were $7,353 within Accrued liabilities and $199,465 in Other liabilities . We identified both the determination of whether to recognize revenue at a point in time or over time as well as the identification and measurement of material rights associated with funded research and development activities as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments and assumptions management makes related to alternative use, the enforceable right to payment, and the identification and measurement of material rights. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort to evaluate the appropriateness of management’s classification of revenue as point in time or over time and identification and measurement of material rights. 43 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the classification of revenue and identification of material rights included the following, among others: • We tested the effectiveness of controls over alternative use, enforceable right to payment, and the application of those conclusions to customer sales orders. • We tested the effectiveness of controls over the identification and subsequent monitoring of material rights. • We tested that alternative use and enforceable right to payment were appropriately applied to determine that revenue was classified properly. • We tested balances identified as material rights by inspecting contracts, source documents, and payment support to determine that balances were appropriately measured, accounted for, and disclosed as material rights. /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP Denver, Colorado November 25, 2025 We have served as the Company's auditor since fiscal year 2008. 44 WOODWARD, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS (In thousands, except per share amounts) Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2023 Net sales $ 3,567,064 $ 3,324,249 $ 2,914,566 Costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold 2,610,772 2,447,770 2,236,983 Selling, general and administrative expenses 329,823 307,499 269,692 Research and development costs 147,568 140,676 132,095 Restructuring activities — — 5,172 Interest expense 45,689 47,959 47,898 Interest income ( 4,189 ) ( 6,458 ) ( 2,751 ) Other income, net ( 84,010 ) ( 67,168 ) ( 50,291 ) Total costs and expenses 3,045,653 2,870,278 2,638,798 Earnings before income taxes 521,411 453,971 275,768 Income tax expense 79,300 81,000 43,400 Net earnings $ 442,111 $ 372,971 $ 232,368 Earnings per share: Basic earnings per share $ 7.42 $ 6.21 $ 3.88 Diluted earnings per share $ 7.19 $ 6.01 $ 3.78 Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding: Basic 59,563 60,076 59,908 Diluted 61,464 62,084 61,482 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 45 WOODWARD, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS O F COMPREHENSIVE EARNINGS (In thousands) Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2023 Net earnings $ 442,111 $ 372,971 $ 232,368 Foreign currency related other comprehensive earnings: Foreign currency translation adjustments 19,041 30,311 21,180 Net (loss) on foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investments ( 2,263 ) ( 2,381 ) ( 3,090 ) Taxes on changes on foreign currency translation adjustments 3,401 334 1,011 Foreign currency translation and transactions adjustments, net of tax 20,179 28,264 19,101 Derivative related other comprehensive earnings: Unrealized (loss) on fair value adjustment of derivative instruments ( 23,105 ) ( 18,551 ) ( 36,587 ) Reclassification of net realized losses on derivatives to earnings 22,435 23,093 33,224 Taxes on changes on derivative transactions — — ( 141 ) Derivative adjustments, net of tax ( 670 ) 4,542 ( 3,504 ) Pension and postretirement medical liability other comprehensive earnings: Net gain arising during the period 3,227 7,826 9,401 Prior service cost arising during the period — ( 1,121 ) — Amortization of: Prior service cost 785 721 720 Net (gain) ( 683 ) ( 1,049 ) ( 823 ) Foreign currency exchange rate changes on pension and postretirement medical liabilities 509 110 247 Taxes on changes on pension and postretirement medical liability adjustments ( 1,064 ) ( 1,320 ) ( 3,250 ) 2,774 5,167 6,295 Total comprehensive earnings $ 464,394 $ 410,944 $ 254,260 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 46 WOODWARD, INC. CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except per share amounts) September 30, September 30, 2025 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 327,431 $ 282,270 Accounts receivable, less allowance for uncollectible amounts of $ 9,725 and $ 7,738 , respectively 831,116 770,066 Inventories 654,608 609,092 Income taxes receivable 1,553 22,016 Other current assets 69,706 60,167 Total current assets 1,884,414 1,743,611 Property, plant and equipment, net 986,623 940,715 Goodwill 832,288 806,643 Intangible assets, net 428,080 440,419 Deferred income tax assets 118,711 84,392 Other assets 380,027 353,135 Total assets $ 4,630,143 $ 4,368,915 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Short-term debt $ 122,300 $ 217,000 Current portion of long-term debt 122,934 85,719 Accounts payable 289,417 287,457 Income taxes payable 59,655 40,692 Accrued liabilities 313,083 292,642 Total current liabilities 907,389 923,510 Long-term debt, less current portion 456,968 569,751 Deferred income tax liabilities 107,669 121,858 Other liabilities 591,727 577,380 Total liabilities 2,063,753 2,192,499 Commitments and contingencies (Note 22) Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value $ 0.003 per share, 10,000 shares authorized, no shares issued — — Common stock, par value $ 0.001455 per share, 150,000 shares authorized, 72,960 shares issued 106 106 Additional paid-in capital 482,259 396,554 Accumulated other comprehensive losses ( 10,415 ) ( 32,698 ) Deferred compensation 1,741 2,662 Retained earnings 3,600,395 3,223,259 4,074,086 3,589,883 Treasury stock at cost, 13,060 shares and 13,787 shares, respectively ( 1,505,955 ) ( 1,410,805 ) Treasury stock held for deferred compensation, at cost, 28 shares and 45 shares, respectively ( 1,741 ) ( 2,662 ) Total stockholders' equity 2,566,390 2,176,416 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 4,630,143 $ 4,368,915 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 47 WOODWARD, INC. CONSOLIDATED S TATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings $ 442,111 $ 372,971 $ 232,368 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 113,278 116,170 119,743 Net (gain) loss on sales of assets and businesses ( 18,731 ) ( 457 ) 1,491 Stock-based compensation 31,674 33,052 23,383 Deferred income taxes ( 52,358 ) ( 44,606 ) ( 40,155 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of the effect of acquisition: Trade accounts receivable ( 11,475 ) 35,799 ( 113,119 ) Unbilled receivables (contract assets) ( 38,478 ) ( 51,168 ) ( 23,879 ) Costs to fulfill a contract ( 14,812 ) ( 3,718 ) ( 11,544 ) Inventories ( 49,624 ) ( 84,944 ) 3,234 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 56,818 63,655 67,447 Contract liabilities ( 3,042 ) 31,538 20,115 Income taxes 31,992 ( 18,069 ) ( 3,652 ) Retirement benefit obligations ( 3,406 ) ( 1,837 ) ( 909 ) Other ( 12,653 ) ( 9,297 ) 34,020 Net cash provided by operating activities 471,294 439,089 308,543 Cash flows from investing activities: Payments for purchase of property, plant, and equipment ( 130,928 ) ( 96,280 ) ( 76,500 ) Proceeds from sale of assets 42 2,292 488 Proceeds from business divestiture 50,068 1,800 — Payments for business acquisition, net of cash acquired ( 41,678 ) — 878 Proceeds from sales of short-term investments 2,943 9,738 7,692 Payments for purchases of short-term investments — ( 6,767 ) ( 6,109 ) Net cash used in investing activities ( 119,553 ) ( 89,217 ) ( 73,551 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Cash dividends paid ( 64,975 ) ( 58,286 ) ( 51,027 ) Proceeds from sales of treasury stock 104,578 89,875 50,749 Payments for repurchases of common stock ( 172,857 ) ( 390,819 ) ( 126,380 ) Borrowings on revolving lines of credit and short-term borrowings 2,285,900 2,962,800 2,323,500 Payments on revolving lines of credit and short-term borrowings ( 2,380,600 ) ( 2,745,800 ) ( 2,390,300 ) Payments of debt financing costs — — ( 2,236 ) Payments of long-term debt and finance lease obligations ( 85,972 ) ( 75,817 ) ( 779 ) Net cash used in financing activities ( 313,926 ) ( 218,047 ) ( 196,473 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 7,346 12,998 ( 8,916 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 45,161 144,823 29,603 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 282,270 137,447 107,844 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 327,431 $ 282,270 $ 137,447 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 48 WOODWARD, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (In thousands, except per share amounts) Stockholders' equity Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) earnings Common stock Additional paid-in capital Foreign currency translation adjustments Unrealized derivative gains (losses) Minimum retirement benefit liability adjustments Total accumulated other comprehensive (loss) earnings Deferred compensation Retained earnings Treasury stock at cost Treasury stock held for deferred compensation Total stockholders' equity Balances as of September 30, 2022 $ 106 $ 293,540 $ ( 86,494 ) $ ( 6,215 ) $ 146 $ ( 92,563 ) $ 6,781 $ 2,727,233 $ ( 1,027,194 ) $ ( 6,781 ) $ 1,901,122 Net earnings — — — — — — — 232,368 — — 232,368 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax — — 19,101 ( 3,504 ) 6,295 21,892 — — — — 21,892 Cash dividends paid ($ 0.85 per share) — — — — — — — ( 51,027 ) — — ( 51,027 ) Purchases of treasury stock — ( 302 ) — — — — — — ( 126,380 ) — ( 126,682 ) Sales of treasury stock — 377 — — — — — — 50,090 — 50,467 Common shares issued for benefit plans — 10,943 — — — — — — 8,523 — 19,466 Stock-based compensation — 23,383 — — — — — — — — 23,383 Purchases of stock by deferred compensation — — — — — — 178 — — ( 178 ) — Distribution of stock from deferred compensation — — — — — — ( 4,183 ) — — 4,183 — Balances as of September 30, 2023 $ 106 $ 327,941 $ ( 67,393 ) $ ( 9,719 ) $ 6,441 $ ( 70,671 ) $ 2,776 $ 2,908,574 $ ( 1,094,961 ) $ ( 2,776 ) $ 2,070,989 Balances as of September 30, 2023 $ 106 $ 327,941 $ ( 67,393 ) $ ( 9,719 ) $ 6,441 $ ( 70,671 ) $ 2,776 $ 2,908,574 $ ( 1,094,961 ) $ ( 2,776 ) $ 2,070,989 Net earnings — — — — — — — 372,971 — — 372,971 Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax — — 28,264 4,542 5,167 37,973 — — — — 37,973 Cash dividends paid ($ 0.97 per share) — — — — — — — ( 58,286 ) — — ( 58,286 ) Purchases of treasury stock — ( 2,774 ) — — — — — — ( 390,819 ) — ( 393,593 ) Sales of treasury stock — 24,368 — — — — — — 67,053 — 91,421 Common shares issued for benefit plans — 13,967 — — — — — — 7,922 — 21,889 Stock-based compensation — 33,052 — — — — — — — — 33,052 Purchases of stock by deferred compensation — — — — — — 173 — — ( 173 ) — Distribution of stock from deferred compensation — — — — — — ( 287 ) — — 287 — Balances as of September 30, 2024 $ 106 $ 396,554 $ ( 39,129 ) $ ( 5,177 ) $ 11,608 $ ( 32,698 ) $ 2,662 $ 3,223,259 $ ( 1,410,805 ) $ ( 2,662 ) $ 2,176,416 Balances as of September 30, 2024 $ 106 $ 396,554 $ ( 39,129 ) $ ( 5,177 ) $ 11,608 $ ( 32,698 ) $ 2,662 $ 3,223,259 $ ( 1,410,805 ) $ ( 2,662 ) $ 2,176,416 Net earnings — — — — — — — 442,111 — — 442,111 Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax — — 20,179 ( 670 ) 2,774 22,283 — — — — 22,283 Cash dividends paid ($ 1.09 per share) — — — — — — — ( 64,975 ) — — ( 64,975 ) Purchases of treasury stock — ( 406 ) — — — — — — ( 170,083 ) — ( 170,489 ) Sales of treasury stock — 36,059 — — — — — — 68,399 — 104,458 Common shares issued for benefit plans — 18,378 — — — — — — 6,534 — 24,912 Stock-based compensation — 31,674 — — — — — — — — 31,674 Purchases of stock by deferred compensation — — — — — — 150 — — ( 150 ) — Distribution of stock from deferred compensation — — — — — — ( 1,071 ) — — 1,071 — Balances as of September 30, 2025 $ 106 $ 482,259 $ ( 18,950 ) $ ( 5,847 ) $ 14,382 $ ( 10,415 ) $ 1,741 $ 3,600,395 $ ( 1,505,955 ) $ ( 1,741 ) $ 2,566,390 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 49 WOODWARD, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (In thousands, except per share amounts) Note 1. Operations and summary of significant accounting policies Basis of presentation The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and include the accounts of Woodward, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively “Woodward” or “the Company”). Nature of operations Woodward is an independent designer, manufacturer, and service provider of energy control and optimization solutions. Woodward designs, produces, and services reliable, efficient, low-emission, and high-performance energy control products for diverse applications in challenging environments. Woodward has significant production and assembly facilities primarily in the United States, Europe, and Asia, and promotes its products and services through its worldwide locations. Woodward’s strategic focus is providing energy control and optimization solutions for the aerospace and industrial markets. The precise and efficient control of energy, including motion, fluid, combustion, and electrical energy, is a growing requirement in the markets Woodward serves. Woodward’s customers look to it to optimize the efficiency, emissions, and operation of power equipment in both commercial and defense operations. Woodward’s core technologies leverage well across its markets and customer applications, enabling it to develop and integrate cost-effective and state-of-the-art fuel, combustion, fluid, actuation, and electronic systems. Woodward focuses its solutions and services primarily on serving original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) and equipment packagers, partnering with them to bring superior component and system solutions to their demanding applications. Woodward also provides service repair, maintenance, replacement, and other service support for its installed products. Woodward’s components and integrated systems optimize performance of commercial aircraft, defense aircraft, military ground vehicles and other equipment, gas and steam turbines, industrial diesel, gas, biodiesel and dual-fuel reciprocating engines, and electrical power systems. Woodward’s innovative motion, fluid, combustion, and electrical energy control systems help its customers offer more cost-effective, cleaner, and more reliable equipment. Summary of significant accounting policies Principles of consolidation: These Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and include the accounts of Woodward and its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries. Transactions within and between these companies are eliminated. Use of estimates: The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements and the reported revenues and expenses recognized during the reporting period, and certain financial statement disclosures. Significant estimates include allowances for uncollectible amounts, net realizable value of inventories, customer rebates earned, useful lives of property and identifiable intangible assets, the evaluation of impairments of property, identifiable intangible assets and goodwill, the provision for income tax and related valuation reserves, the valuation of assets and liabilities acquired in business combinations, assumptions used in the determination of the funded status and annual expense of pension and postretirement employee benefit plans, the valuation of stock compensation instruments granted to members, and contingencies. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Foreign currency exchange rates: The assets and liabilities of substantially all subsidiaries outside the United States are translated at fiscal year-end rates of exchange, and earnings and cash flow statements are translated at weighted-average rates of exchange. The exchange rate in effect at the time of the cash flow is used for significant or infrequent cash flows, such as payments for a business acquisition, for which the use of weighted-average rates of exchange could result in a substantially different cash flow. Translation adjustments are accumulated with other comprehensive (losses) earnings as a separate component of stockholders’ equity and are presented net of tax effects in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity. The effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on loans between consolidated subsidiaries that are considered permanent in nature are also accumulated with other comprehensive earnings, net of tax. 50 The Company is exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates because some sales transactions, and certain assets and liabilities of its domestic and foreign subsidiaries, are denominated in foreign currencies. Selling, general and administrative expenses include a net foreign currency loss of $ 512 in fiscal year 2025, a net foreign currency loss of $ 8,369 in fiscal year 2024, and a net foreign currency loss of $ 1,020 in fiscal year 2023 . Revenue recognition: Revenue is recognized on contracts with customers for arrangements in which quantities and pricing are fixed and/or determinable and are generally based on customer purchase orders, often within the framework of a long-term supply arrangement with the customer. Woodward has determined that it is the principal in its sales transactions, as Woodward is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promised performance obligations, has discretion to establish the selling price, and generally assumes the inventory risk. Woodward recognizes revenue for performance obligations within a customer contract when control of the associated product or service is transferred to the customer. Some of Woodward’s contracts with customers contain a single performance obligation, while other contracts contain multiple performance obligations. Each product within a contract generally represents a separate performance obligation as Woodward does not provide significant installation and integration services, the products do not customize each other, and the products can function independently of each other. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the customer obtains control of the associated product or service. When there are multiple performance obligations within a contract, Woodward generally uses the observable standalone sales price for each distinct product or service within the contract to allocate the transaction price to the distinct products or services. In instances when a standalone sales price for each product or service is not observable within the contract, Woodward allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation using an estimate of the standalone selling price for each product or service, which is generally based on incurred costs plus a reasonable margin, for each distinct product or service in the contract. When determining the transaction price of each contract, Woodward considers contractual consideration payable by the customer and variable consideration that may affect the total transaction price. Variable consideration, consisting of early payment discounts, rebates, and other sources of price variability, are included in the estimated transaction price based on both customer-specific information as well as historical experience. Customers sometimes trade in used products in exchange for new or refurbished products. In addition, Woodward’s customers sometimes provide inventory to Woodward which will be integrated into final products sold to those customers. Woodward obtains control of these exchanged products and customer provided inventory, and therefore, both are forms of noncash consideration. Noncash consideration paid by customers on overall sales transactions is additive to the transaction price. Woodward’s net sales and cost of goods sold include the value of such noncash consideration for the same amount, with no resulting impact to earnings before income taxes. Upon receipt of such inventory, Woodward recognizes an inventory asset and a contract liability. Point in time and over time revenue recognition: Control of the products generally transfers to the customer at a point in time, if the customer does not control the products as they are produced. Performance obligations are satisfied and revenue is recognized over time if: (i) the customer receives the benefits as Woodward performs work, (ii) if the customer controls the asset as it is being enhanced, or (iii) if the product being produced for the customer has no alternative use to Woodward and Woodward has an enforceable right to payment with a profit. For products being produced for the customer that have no alternative use to Woodward and Woodward has an enforceable right to payment with a profit, and where the products are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer, revenue is recognized as a series of distinct products. As Woodward satisfies MRO performance obligations, revenue is recognized over time, as the customer, rather than Woodward, controls the asset being enhanced. When services are provided, revenue from those services is recognized over time because control is transferred continuously to customers as Woodward performs the work. For services that are not short-term in nature, MRO, and sales of products that have no alternative use to Woodward and an enforceable right to payment with a profit, Woodward uses an actual cost input measure to determine the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation. For these revenue streams, revenue is recognized over time as work is performed based on the relationship between actual costs incurred to-date for each contract and the total estimated costs for such contract at completion of the performance obligation (the cost-to-cost method). Woodward has concluded that this measure of progress best depicts the transfer of assets to the customer because incurred costs are integral to Woodward’s completion of the performance obligation under the specific customer contract and correlate directly to the transfer of control to the customer. Contract costs include labor, material, and overhead. Contract cost estimates are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events. These assumptions include labor 51 productivity, and availability; the complexity of the work to be performed; the cost and availability of materials; the performance of subcontractors; and the availability and timing of funding from the customer. Revenues, including estimated fees or profits, are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. If at any time the estimate of contract profitability indicates an anticipated loss on the contract, Woodward recognizes provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts in the period in which such losses are determined. In situations where the creditworthiness of a customer becomes in doubt, Woodward ceases to recognize the over-time revenue on the associated customer contract. Occasionally, Woodward sells maintenance or service arrangements, extended warranties, or other stand ready services. Woodward recognizes revenue from such arrangements as a series of performance obligations over the time period in which the services are available to the customer. Material rights and costs to fulfill a contract : Customers sometimes pay consideration to Woodward for product engineering and development activities that do not result in the immediate transfer of distinct products or services to the customer. There is an implicit assumption that without the customer making such advance payments to Woodward, Woodward’s future sales of products or services to the customer would be at a higher selling price; therefore, such payments create a “material right” to the customer that effectively gives the customer an option to acquire future products or services, at a discount, that are dependent upon the product engineering and development. Material rights are recorded as contract liabilities and will be recognized over time when control of the related products or services are transferred to the customer. Woodward capitalizes costs of product engineering and development identified as material rights up to the amount of customer funding as costs to fulfill a contract are incurred because the costs incurred up to the amount of the customer funding commitment are recoverable. Product engineering and development costs in excess of contractual customer funding are expensed as incurred. Woodward recognizes the deferred material rights as revenue based on a percentage of actual sales to total estimated lifetime sales of the related developed products as the customers exercise their option to acquire additional products or services at a discount. Woodward amortizes the capitalized costs to fulfill a contract as cost of goods sold proportionally to the recognition of the associated deferred material rights. Estimated total lifetime sales are reviewed at least annually and more frequently when circumstances warrant a modification to the previous estimate. Woodward does not capitalize incremental costs of obtaining a contract, as Woodward does not pay sales commissions or incur other incremental costs related to contracts with Woodward’s customers for arrangements in which quantities and pricing are fixed and/or determinable. Contract liabilities: Advance payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized represent contract liabilities and are recorded as deferred revenues when customers remit contractual cash payments in advance of Woodward satisfying performance obligations under contractual arrangements, including those with performance obligations satisfied over time. Woodward generally receives advance payments from customers related to maintenance or service arrangements, extended warranties, or other stand ready services, which it recognizes over the performance period. Contract liabilities are satisfied when revenue is recognized and the performance obligation is satisfied. Advance payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized are included in deferred revenue, which is classified as current or noncurrent based on the timing of when Woodward expects to recognize revenue. Customer payments : Woodward occasionally agrees to make payments to certain customers in order to participate in anticipated sales activity. Payments made to customers are accounted for as a reduction of revenue unless they are made in exchange for identifiable goods or services with fair values that can be reasonably estimated. Reductions in revenue associated with these customer payments are recognized immediately to the extent that the payments cannot be attributed to anticipated future sales, and are recognized in future periods to the extent that the payments relate to anticipated future sales. Such determinations are based on the facts and circumstances underlying each payment. Purchase accounting : Business combinations are accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. Under this method, assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, are recorded at their fair values as of the acquisition date. Acquisition costs in excess of amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded as goodwill. Transaction-related costs associated with business combinations are expensed as incurred. Stock-based compensation: Compensation cost relating to stock-based payment awards made to members and directors is recognized in the financial statements using a fair value method. Non-qualified stock option awards, restricted stock units, and performance restricted stock units are issued under Woodward’s stock-based compensation plans. The cost of such awards, measured at the grant date, is based on the estimated fair value of the award. 52 Forfeitures are estimated at the time of each grant in order to estimate the portion of the award that will ultimately vest. The estimate is based on Woodward’s historical rates of forfeitures and is updated periodically. The portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods, which is generally the vesting period of the awards. Research and development costs: Company funded expenditures related to new product development and significant product enhancement and/or upgrade activities are expensed as incurred and are separately reported in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Income taxes: Deferred income taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of Woodward’s assets, liabilities, and certain unrecognized gains and losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive (losses) earnings. Woodward provides for taxes that may be payable if undistributed earnings of overseas subsidiaries were to be remitted to the United States, except for those earnings that it considers to be indefinitely invested. Cash equivalents: Highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Accounts receivable: Almost all of Woodward’s sales are made on credit and result in accounts receivable, which are recorded at the amount invoiced and are generally not collateralized. In the normal course of business, not all accounts receivable are collected and, therefore, an allowance for uncollectible amounts is provided equal to the amount that Woodward believes ultimately will not be collected. In establishing the amount of the allowance related to the credit risk of accounts receivable, customer-specific information is considered related to delinquent accounts, past loss experience, bankruptcy filings, deterioration in the customer’s operating results or financial position, current and forecasted economic conditions, and other relevant factors. Bad debt losses are deducted from the allowance, and the related accounts receivable balances are written off when the receivables are deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of accounts receivable previously written off are recognized when received. The allowance associated with anticipated other adjustments to the selling price or cash discounts is also established and is included in the allowance for uncollectible amounts. In establishing this amount, both customer-specific information as well as historical experience is considered. In coordination with its customers and when terms are considered favorable to Woodward, Woodward from time-to-time transfers ownership to collect amounts due to Woodward for outstanding accounts receivable to third parties in exchange for cash. When the transfer of accounts receivable meets the criteria of Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 860-10, “Transfers and Servicing,” and are without recourse, it is recognized as a sale and the accounts receivable is derecognized. Unbilled receivables (contract assets) arise when the timing of billing differs from the timing of revenue recognized, such as when contract provisions require revenue to be recognized over time rather than at a point in time. Unbilled receivables primarily relate to performance obligations satisfied over time when the cost-to-cost method is utilized and the revenue recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer as there is not yet a right to payment in accordance with contractual terms. Unbilled receivables are recorded as a contract asset when the revenue associated with the contract is recognized prior to billing and derecognized when billed in accordance with the terms of the contract. For composition of accounts receivable, see Note 3, Revenue. Inventories: Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost being determined using methods that approximate a first-in, first-out basis. Short-term investments: From time to time, certain of Woodward’s foreign subsidiaries will invest excess cash in short-term time deposits with a fixed maturity date of longer than three months but less than one year from the date of the deposit. Woodward believes that the investments are with creditworthy financial institutions. Amounts with maturities of less than 365 days are classified as “Other current assets.” Property, plant, and equipment: Property, plant, and equipment are recorded at cost and are depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Assets are generally depreciated using the straight-line method. Assets are tested for recoverability whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. 53 Estimated lives over which fixed assets are generally depreciated at September 30, 2025 were as follows: Land improvements 10 – 20 years Buildings and improvements 10 – 40 years Leasehold improvements 1 – 10 years Machinery and production equipment 3 – 25 years Computer equipment and software 3 – 15 years Office furniture and equipment 3 – 15 years Other 3 – 5 years Included in computer equipment and software are Woodward’s enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) systems, which have an estimated useful life of 15 years. All other computer equipment and software is generally depreciated over three years to five years . Leases: Right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the estimated present value of the remaining fixed lease payments over the lease term. In determining the estimated present value of lease payments, Woodward discounts the fixed lease payments using the rate implicit in the agreement or, if the implicit rate is not known, using the incremental borrowing rate. Woodward’s incremental borrowing rate is based on the information available at the lease commencement date, with consideration given to Woodward’s recent debt issuances as well as publicly available data for instruments with similar characteristics. For operating leases, lease expense is recognized over the expected lease term and classified as cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative expenses based on the nature of the underlying leased asset. For finance leases, the ROU asset is recognized over the shorter of the useful life of the asset, consistent with Woodward’s normal depreciation policy, or the lease term, and is classified as cost of goods sold, selling, general and administrative expense, or research and development expense, based on the nature and use of the underlying leased asset. Certain of Woodward’s operating lease agreements include variable payments that are passed through by the landlord, such as insurance, taxes, and common area maintenance, payments based on the usage of the asset, and rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. Pass-through charges, payments due to changes in usage of the asset, and payments due to changes in indexation are included within variable rent expense and are recognized in the period in which the variable obligation for the payments was incurred. Goodwill: Woodward tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates the fair value of a reporting unit may be below its carrying amount. Based on the relevant U.S. GAAP authoritative guidance, Woodward aggregates components of a single operating segment into a reporting unit, if appropriate. In fiscal year 2025, Woodward used the qualitative approach and was not required to conduct the quantitative analysis. Woodward applied its best judgment when assessing the reasonableness of the assumptions used to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. In each of fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2023, Woodward performed the quantitative assessment consisting of comparing the implied fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount that includes goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its implied fair value, Woodward compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the recorded carrying amount of goodwill. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, an impairment loss would be recognized to reduce the carrying amount to its implied fair value. Based on the results of Woodward’s annual goodwill impairment testing, no impairment charges were recorded in the year ended September 30, 2025, 2024, or 2023 or since the goodwill was originally recorded. Other intangibles: Other intangibles are recognized apart from goodwill whenever an acquired intangible asset arises from contractual or other legal rights, or whenever it is capable of being separated or divided from the acquired entity and sold, transferred, licensed, rented, or exchanged, either individually or in combination with a related contract, asset, or liability. Woodward amortizes the cost of other intangibles over their useful lives unless such lives are deemed indefinite. The cost of finite-lived other intangibles are amortized over their respective useful life using patterns that reflect the periods over which the economic benefits of the assets are expected to be realized. Amortization expense is allocated to cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses based on the nature of the intangible asset. Finite-lived other intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever an event occurs or circumstances change indicating that the related carrying amount of the other intangible asset may not be recoverable. Impairment losses are recognized if the carrying amount of an intangible is both not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. 54 Woodward has recorded no impairment charges related to its other intangibles in the year ended September 30, 2025, 2024, or 2023. Estimated lives over which intangible assets are amortized at September 30, 2025 were as follows: Customer relationships and contracts 11 – 30 years Intellectual property 17 years Process technology 10 – 30 years Woodward has one indefinitely lived intangible asset consisting of the Woodward L’Orange trade name. The Woodward L’Orange trade name intangible asset is tested for impairment on an annual basis and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the fair value of the Woodward L’Orange intangible asset may be below its carrying amount. In fiscal year 2025, Woodward used the qualitative approach and was not required to conduct the quantitative assessment. Woodward applied its best judgment when assessing the reasonableness of the assumptions used to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. In each of fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2023, Woodward performed the quantitative assessment which consists of comparing the fair value of the Woodward L’Orange trade name intangible asset, determined using discounted cash flows based on the relief from royalty method under the income approach, with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the Woodward L’Orange trade name intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss would be recognized to reduce the carrying amount to its fair value. Woodward has not recorded any impairment charges against the L'Orange trade name intangible asset since it was acquired. Impairment of long-lived assets: Woodward reviews the carrying amount of its long-lived assets or asset groups to be used in operations whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. Factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the value of the asset, or a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, among others. If such facts indicate a potential impairment, the Company would assess the recoverability of an asset group by determining if the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets over the remaining economic life of the primary asset in the asset group. If the recoverability test indicates that the carrying amount of the asset group is not recoverable, the Company will estimate the fair value of the asset group using appropriate valuation methodologies, which would typically include an estimate of discounted cash flows. Any impairment would be measured as the difference between the asset group’s carrying amount and its estimated fair value. Investment in marketable equity securities: Woodward holds marketable equity securities. Based on Woodward’s intentions regarding these instruments, marketable equity securities are classified as trading securities. The trading securities are reported at fair value, with realized gains and losses recognized in “Other income, net.” The trading securities are included in “Other assets.” Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries: Investments in, and operating results of, entities in which Woodward does not have a controlling financial interest or the ability to exercise significant influence over the operations are included in the financial statements using the cost method of accounting. Investments and operating results of entities in which Woodward does not have a controlling interest but does have the ability to exercise significant influence over operations are included in the financial statements using the equity method of accounting. Deferred compensation: The Company maintains a deferred compensation program as part of its overall compensation package for certain members. Deferred compensation obligations will be settled either by delivery of a fixed number of shares of Woodward’s common stock (in accordance with certain eligible members’ irrevocable elections) or in cash. Woodward has contributed shares of its common stock into a trust (the "rabbi trust") established for the future settlement of deferred compensation obligations that are payable in shares of Woodward’s common stock. Common stock held by the trust is reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as “Treasury stock held for deferred compensation” and the related deferred compensation obligation is reflected as a separate component of equity in amounts equal to the fair value of the common stock at the dates of contribution. Deferred compensation obligations that will be settled in cash are accounted for on an accrual basis in accordance with the terms of the underlying contract and are reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as “Other liabilities.” 55 Financial instruments: The Company’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, investments in the deferred compensation program, notes receivable from municipalities, investments in term deposits, cross-currency interest rate swaps, and debt. Because of their short-term maturity, the carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents and short-term debt approximate fair value. Financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy established by U.S. GAAP, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into the following levels: Level 1: Inputs based on quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date. Level 2: Quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable and can be corroborated by observable market data. Level 3: Inputs reflect management’s best estimates and assumptions of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. The inputs are unobservable in the market and significant to the valuation of the instruments. Further information on the fair value of financial instruments can be found at Note 7, Financial instruments and fair value measurements . Derivatives: The Company is exposed to various global market risks, including the effect of changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, changes in certain commodity prices, and fluctuations in various producer indices. From time to time, Woodward enters into derivative instruments for risk management purposes only, including derivatives designated as accounting hedges and/or those utilized as economic hedges. Woodward uses interest rate related derivative instruments to manage its exposure to fluctuations of interest rates. Woodward does not enter into or issue derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. By using derivative and/or hedging instruments to manage its risk exposure, Woodward is subject, from time to time, to credit risk and market risk on those derivative instruments. Credit risk arises from the potential failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative and/or hedging instrument. When the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes Woodward, which creates credit risk for Woodward. Woodward mitigates this credit risk by entering into transactions only with counterparties that are believed to be creditworthy. Market risk arises from the potential adverse effects on the value of derivative and/or hedging instruments that result from a change in interest rates, commodity prices, or foreign currency exchange rates. Woodward minimizes this market risk by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken. From time to time, in order to hedge against foreign currency exposure, Woodward designates certain non-derivative financial instrument loans as net investment hedges. Foreign exchange gains or losses on these loans are recognized in foreign currency translation adjustments within total comprehensive (losses) earnings. Also, to hedge against the foreign currency exposure attributable to non-functional currency denominated intercompany loans, Woodward has entered into derivative instruments in fair value hedging relationships and cash flow hedging relationships. Further information on net investment hedges and derivative instruments in fair value and cash flow hedging relationships, including the Company’s policy in accounting for these derivatives, can be found at Note 8, Derivative instruments and hedging activities . Postretirement benefits: The Company provides various benefits to certain current and former members through defined benefit pension and postretirement plans. For financial reporting purposes, net periodic benefits expense and related obligations are calculated using a number of significant actuarial assumptions. Changes in net periodic expense and funding status may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. The funded status of defined pension and postretirement plans recognized in the statement of financial position is measured as the difference between the fair market value of the plan assets and the benefit obligation. For a defined benefit pension plan, the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation; for any other defined benefit postretirement plan, such as a retiree health-care plan, the benefit obligation is the accumulated benefit obligation. Any over-funded status is recognized as an asset and any underfunded status is recognized as a liability. Projected benefit obligation is the actuarial present value as of the measurement date of all benefits attributed by the plan benefit formula to employee service rendered before the measurement date using assumptions as to future compensation levels if the plan benefit formula is based on those future compensation levels. The accumulated benefit 56 obligation is the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or unvested) attributed by the plan benefit formula to employee service rendered before the measurement date and based on employee service and compensation, if applicable, prior to that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. Note 2. New accounting standards From time to time, the FASB or other standards setting bodies issue new accounting pronouncements. Updates to the ASC are communicated through issuance of an Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”). In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, "Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures." The purpose of ASU 2023-09 is to provide enhanced disclosures surrounding income taxes by requiring consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the rate reconciliation, the disaggregation of income taxes paid by jurisdiction, as well as several other changes to the income tax disclosure. The amendments in ASU 2023-09 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 (fiscal year 2026 for Woodward), with early adoption permitted, and is required to be applied prospectively with the option of retrospective application. Woodward is currently assessing the impact on its income tax disclosures. In