RISK FACTORS We are subject to various risks and events that could adversely affect our business, our financial condition, our results of operations, our cash flows and the price of our common stock. You should consider the following risk factors, in addition to the information presented elsewhere in this report, particularly in Our Business , Forward-Looking Statements and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) , as well as those set forth from time to time in our other public statements, reports, registration statements, prospectuses, information statements and other filings we make from time to time with the SEC, in evaluating us, our business and an investment in our securities. The risks discussed below are not the only risks we face, and our descriptions of such risks, here and elsewhere, should not be considered exhaustive. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may adversely affect our business, our financial condition, our results of operations, our cash flows and the price of our common stock. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 30 Table of Contents RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY MARKET AND OTHER EXTERNAL RISKS The industries in which we operate are sensitive to macroeconomic conditions and consequently are highly cyclical. The overall levels of demand for the products we manufacture and distribute reflect fluctuations in levels of end-user demand, which consequently affect our sales and profitability. End-user demand depends in large part on general macroeconomic conditions, both in the U.S. and globally, as well as on local economic conditions. The length and magnitude of industry cycles vary over time, both by market and by product, but generally reflect changes in macroeconomic conditions and levels of industry capacity. Any decline or stagnation in macroeconomic conditions could cause us to experience lower sales volumes and reduced margins for our products. Low demand for new homes and home repair and remodeling can adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business is particularly dependent upon the health of the U.S. housing market, and specifically on demand for new homes and home repair and remodeling. Demand in these markets is sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, the availability of financing and interest rate levels. Other factors that could limit or adversely affect demand for new homes and home repair and remodeling, and hence demand for our products, include factors such as changes in consumer preferences, limited wage growth, increases in non-mortgage consumer debt, any weakening in consumer confidence, as well as any increase in foreclosure rates and distress sales of houses. Catastrophic events may adversely affect the markets for our products and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to the risk of various catastrophic events, including but not limited to the occurrence of: severe regional or local weather events or trends and related fires or flooding; wide-spread insect or pest infestations on one or more of our properties; significant geological events such as earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and major erosion in the form of landslides; significant geopolitical events, conditions or developments such as significant international trade disputes or domestic or foreign terrorist attacks, domestic or foreign armed conflict and political unrest; and regional health epidemics or global health pandemics, such as the 2020 outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus and its many subsequent mutations. Any one or more of these events or conditions, or other catastrophic events or developments, could directly or indirectly significantly affect our ability to operate our businesses and adversely affect domestic and foreign general economic conditions and thus domestic or foreign market demand for our products. The impact of any one or more of these events or conditions may also trigger the occurrence of, or exacerbate, other risks discussed herein, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Homebuyers’ ability to qualify for and obtain affordable mortgages could be affected by changes in interest rates, changes in home loan underwriting standards and government sponsored entities and private mortgage insurance companies supporting the mortgage market. Access to affordable mortgage financing is critical to the health of the U.S. housing market. Generally, increases in interest rates make it more difficult for home buyers to obtain mortgage financing, which could negatively affect demand for housing and, in turn, negatively affect demand for our wood products. After maintaining interest rates at historically low levels for an extended period of time, in the first quarter of 2022 the U.S. Federal Reserve began implementing a policy of incrementally raising rates, which it continued through 2023. Although the Federal Reserve began reducing rates in 2024, they remain well above pre-2022 levels. We cannot predict the extent to which the U.S. Federal Reserve's current policy will be maintained or the timing, number, extent or direction of future rate adjustments. Along with prevailing interest rates, other significant factors affecting the demand for new homes relate to the ability of home buyers to obtain mortgage financing. During the last U.S. recession, credit requirements for home lending were severely tightened and the number of mortgage loans available for financing home purchases were thereby severely reduced. Although the availability of credit has improved since that time, the housing market could be limited or adversely affected if credit requirements were to again tighten or become more restrictive for any reason. Additionally, the liquidity provided to the mortgage industry by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, both of which purchase home mortgages and mortgage-backed securities originated by mortgage lenders, has been critical to the home lending market. Any political or other developments that would have the effect of limiting or restricting the availability of financing by these government sponsored entities could also adversely affect interest rates and the availability of mortgage financing. Whether resulting from further direct increases in borrowing rates, tightened underwriting standards on mortgage loans or reduced federal support of the mortgage lending industry, a challenging mortgage financing environment could reduce demand for housing and, therefore, adversely affect demand for our products. Changes in regulations relating to tax deductions for mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes could harm our future sales and earnings. Significant costs of homeownership include mortgage interest expense and real estate taxes, both of which are generally deductible for an individual’s federal and, in some cases, state income taxes. Federal legislation reduced the amount of mortgage interest and real estate taxes that certain taxpayers may deduct. These and any similar changes to income tax laws by the federal government or by a state government to eliminate or substantially reduce these income tax deductions, or any significant increase in real property taxes by local governments, may increase the cost of homeownership and thus could adversely affect the demand for our products. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 31 Table of Contents PRODUCT PRICING AND PROFITABILITY Our profitability is affected by market dynamics outside of our control. Because commodity products have few distinguishing properties from producer to producer, competition for these products is based largely on price, which is determined by supply relative to demand and competition from substitute products. Prices for our products are also affected by many other factors outside of our control. As a result, we have little influence or control over the timing and extent of price changes, which often are volatile in our industry. Moreover, our profit margins with respect to these products depend, in part, on managing our costs, particularly raw material, labor (including contract labor) and energy costs, which represent significant cost components that also fluctuate based upon market and other factors beyond our control. Excess supply of logs and wood products may adversely affect prices and margins. Producers in our industry have in the past put downward pressure on product pricing by selling excess supply into the market. Our industry may increase harvest levels, which could lead to an oversupply of logs. Wood products producers may likewise expand manufacturing capacity, which could lead to an oversupply of manufactured wood products. Any such increases of industry supply to our markets could adversely affect our prices and margins. THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS We depend heavily on third parties for logging and transportation services, and any increase in the cost or any disruption in the availability of these services could materially adversely affect our business and operations and our financial results. Our businesses depend heavily on the availability of third-party service providers for the harvest of our timber and the transportation of our wood products and wood fiber. We are therefore considerably affected by the availability and cost of these services. Any significant increase in the operating costs to our service providers, including without limitation an increase in the cost of fuel, labor or insurance, could have a material negative effect on our financial results by increasing the cost of these services to us, as well as result in an overall reduction in the availability of these services altogether. Our third-party transportation providers are also subject to several events outside of their control, such as disruption of transportation infrastructure, labor issues including shortages of commercial truck drivers and natural disasters. Any failure of a third-party transportation provider to timely deliver our products, including delivery of our wood products and wood fiber to our customers and delivery of wood fiber to our mills, could harm our supply chain, negatively affect our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our reputation. As a result of weak business conditions in the timber industry that persisted for several years, there are fewer third-party service providers in certain markets to harvest and deliver our logs. This shortage has resulted in an overall increase in logging and hauling costs and, in some cases, compromised the general availability of these contractors. Any increase in harvest levels due to positive changes in macroeconomic conditions driving demand for logs could further strain the existing supply of third-party logging and hauling service providers. This, in turn, could increase the cost of log supply and delivery, or prevent us from fully capitalizing on favorable market conditions by limiting our ability to access and deliver our logs to market. MANAGING COMMERCIAL TIMBERLANDS RISKS Our ability to harvest and deliver timber may be subject to limitations which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our primary assets are our timberlands. Weather conditions, timber growth cycles, access limitations and availability of contract loggers and haulers may adversely affect our ability to harvest our timberlands. Other factors that may adversely affect our timber harvest include damage to our standing timber by fire or by insect or pest infestation, disease, prolonged drought, flooding, severe weather and other natural disasters. As discussed in more detail in the following risk factors, changes in global climate conditions could intensify the severity and rate of occurrence of any one or more of these risks that we currently face or introduce other risks that we currently cannot predict. Although damage from such causes usually is localized and affects only a limited percentage of standing timber, there can be no assurance that any damage affecting our timberlands will in fact be limited. As is common in the forest products industry, we do not maintain insurance coverage for damage to our timberlands. Our revenues, net income and cash flow from operations are dependent to a significant extent on the pricing of our products and our continued ability to harvest timber at adequate levels. Therefore, if we were to be restricted from harvesting on a significant portion of our timberlands for a prolonged period of time, or if material damage to a significant portion of our standing timber were to occur, we could suffer materially adverse effects to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Future timber harvest levels may also be affected by our ability to timely and effectively replant harvested areas, which depends on several factors including changes in estimates of long-term sustainable yield because of silvicultural advances, natural disasters, fires, pests, insects and other hazards, regulatory constraints, availability of contractors, U.S. immigration policies and other factors beyond our control. Timber harvest activities are also subject to a number of federal, state and local regulations pertaining to the protection of fish, wildlife, water and other resources. Regulations, government agency policy and guidelines, and litigation, can restrict timber harvest activities and increase costs. Examples include federal and state laws protecting threatened, endangered and “at-risk” species, harvesting and forestry road building activities WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 32 Table of Contents that may be restricted under the U.S. Federal Clean Water Act, state forestry practices laws, laws protecting aboriginal rights and other similar regulations. Our estimates of timber inventories and growth rates may be inaccurate and include risks inherent in calculating such estimates, which may impair our ability to realize expected revenues. Whether in connection with managing our existing timberland portfolio or assessing potential timberland acquisitions, we make and rely on important estimates of merchantable timber inventories. These include estimates of timber inventories that may be lawfully and economically harvested, timber growth rates and end-product yields. Timber growth rates and yield estimates are developed by forest biometricians and other experts using statistical measurements of tree samples on given property. These estimates are central to forecasting our anticipated timber harvests, revenues and expected cash flows. While the company has confidence in its timber inventory processes and the professionals in the field who administer them, future growth and yield estimates are inherently inexact and uncertain and subject to many external variables that could further affect their accuracy. These external variables include, among other things, disease, insect or pest infestation, natural disasters and changes in weather patterns, all of which could be exacerbated by the impacts of climate change. If these estimates are inaccurate, our ability to manage our timberlands in a sustainable or profitable manner may be compromised, which may cause our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our stock price to be adversely affected. Our financial condition, operating results and cash flows will be materially affected by supply and demand for timber. A variety of factors affect prices for timber, including available supply, changes in economic conditions that affect demand, the level of domestic new construction and remodeling activity, interest rates, credit availability, population growth, weather conditions, insect or pest infestation and other factors. These factors vary by region, by timber type (i.e., sawlogs or pulpwood logs) and by species. Timber prices are affected by changes in demand on a local, national and international level. The closure of a mill in a region where we own timber could have a material adverse effect on demand in that region, and therefore pricing. For example, as the demand for paper continues to decline, closures of pulp mills in some of our operating regions have adversely affected the regional demand for pulpwood and wood chips. Additionally, some of our Asian log export markets, particularly China, have a history of significant volatility. Lower demand for our export logs could have a negative effect on timber prices, particularly in the western region. Timber prices are also affected by changes in timber supply and availability at the local, national and international level. Our timberland ownership is concentrated in Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Louisiana, Maine, Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon and Washington. In some of these states, much of the timberland is privately owned. Increases in timber prices often result in substantial increases in harvesting on private timberlands, including lands owned by others and not previously made available for commercial timber operations, causing a short-term increase in supply that moderates such price increases. In western states such as Oregon and Washington, where a greater proportion of timberland is government-owned, any substantial increase in timber harvesting from government-owned land could significantly reduce timber prices. On a local level, timber supplies can fluctuate depending on factors such as changes in weather conditions and harvest strategies of local timberland owners, as well as occasionally high timber salvage efforts due to events such as insect or pest infestations, fires or other natural disasters. Demand for timber in foreign markets can fluctuate due to a variety of factors as well, including but not limited to: changes in the fundamental economic conditions that affect demand for logs in a given export market country or region; any substantial increase in supply of logs from local or regional sources, including such sources that periodically supply large amounts of salvage timber as a result of disease or infestation, and other factors. Timberlands make up a significant portion of our business portfolio and we are therefore subject to real estate investment risks. Our real property holdings are primarily timberlands and we may make additional timberlands acquisitions in the future. As the owner and manager of approximately 10.4 million acres of timberlands, we are subject to the risks that are inherent in concentrated real estate investments. A downturn in the real estate industry generally, or the timber or forest products industries specifically, could reduce the value of our properties and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such a downturn could also adversely affect our customers and reduce the demand for our products, as well as our ability to execute upon our strategy of selling nonstrategic timberlands and timberland properties that have higher and better uses at attractive prices. These risks may be more pronounced than if we diversified our investments outside of real property holdings. MANUFACTURING AND SELLING WOOD PRODUCTS RISKS A material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales, and negatively affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our equipment within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including:  unscheduled maintenance outages;  prolonged power failures;  equipment failure;  chemical spill or release;  explosion of a boiler; WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 33 Table of Contents  fires, floods, windstorms, earthquakes, hurricanes or other severe weather conditions or catastrophes affecting the production of goods or the supply of raw materials (including fiber);  the effect of drought or reduced rainfall on water supply;  labor difficulties;  disruptions in transportation or transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, rail, tunnels, shipping and port facilities;  terrorism or threats of terrorism;  cyberattack;  governmental regulations;  other operational problems and  effects of viral or disease outbreaks and any resulting epidemic or global pandemic. We cannot predict the duration of any such downtime or extent of facility damage. If one of our facilities or machines were to incur significant downtime, our ability to meet our production targets and satisfy customer demand could be impaired, resulting in lower sales and income. Additionally, we may be required to make significant unplanned capital expenditures. Although some risks are not insurable and some coverage is limited, we purchase insurance on our manufacturing facilities for damage from fires, floods, windstorms, earthquakes, other severe weather conditions, equipment failures and boiler explosions. Such insurance may not be sufficient to recover all of our damages. Some of our wood products are vulnerable to declines in demand due to competing technologies or materials. Our products compete with non-fiber based alternatives or with alternative products in certain market segments. For example, plastic, wood/plastic or composite materials may be used by builders as alternatives to our wood products such as lumber, veneer, plywood and oriented strand board. Changes in prices for oil, chemicals and wood-based fiber can change the competitive position of our products relative to available alternatives and could increase substitution of those products for our products. If use of these or other alternative products grows, demand for and pricing of our products could be adversely affected. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by changes in product mix or pricing. Our results may be materially adversely affected by a change in our product mix or pricing. Some of our wood products, such as lumber, veneer, plywood and oriented strand board, are commodities and are subject to fluctuations in market pricing. If pricing on our commodity products decreases and if we are not successful in increasing sales of higher-priced, higher-value products, or if we are not successful in implementing price increases, or there are delays in acceptance of price increases or higher-priced products, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Price discounting, if required to maintain our competitive position in one or more markets, could result in lower than anticipated price realizations and margins. We face intense competition in our markets; any failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We compete with North American producers and, for some of our product lines, global producers, some of which may have greater financial resources and lower production costs than we do. The principal basis for competition for many of our products is selling price. Our industries also are particularly sensitive to other factors including innovation, design, quality and service, with varying emphasis on these factors depending on the product line. To the extent that any of our competitors are more successful with respect to any key competitive factor, our ability to attract and retain customers and maintain and increase sales could be materially adversely affected. Any failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Competition from lumber imports could vary significantly and have a material effect on U.S. timber and lumber prices. The future amount and pricing of lumber imports entering U.S. markets remain uncertain. Historically, Canada has been the most significant source of lumber for the U.S. market, particularly in the new home construction market. We produce lumber in our Canadian mills, but the bulk of our lumber production is in the U.S. There have been many disputes and subsequent trade agreements regarding sales of softwood lumber between Canada and the U.S. The last agreement, which required Canadian softwood lumber facilities, including our mills, to pay an export tax when the price of lumber is at or below a threshold price, expired in October 2015. Since that time, the U.S. Department of Commerce has issued countervailing and antidumping duties on softwood lumber imports from Canada based on findings of injury to U.S. lumber producers. We are not able to predict when, or if, a new softwood lumber agreement with Canada will be reached or, if reached, what the terms of the agreement would be. Similarly, we are not able to predict if the current U.S. policy of imposing import duties on Canadian softwood lumber will continue. We could, therefore, experience significant downward pressure on timber and lumber prices caused by Canadian lumber imports. We also periodically face competition from lumber producers in Europe. Historically, European imports to U.S. markets have been more robust during strong domestic lumber market cycles, which can limit the benefits we realize from high timber and lumber prices by creating downward pressure on pricing. As with Canadian imports, we cannot predict the timing nor the extent of future levels of European lumber imports and could therefore experience significant downward pressure on timber and lumber prices stemming from this source of competition. For more discussion about U.S. trade policy and its potential effects on our business, see the following risk factor entitled U.S. and International Trade Policy . WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 34 Table of Contents Customer demand for certain brands of sustainably-produced products could reduce competition among buyers for our products or cause other adverse effects. We have adopted the Sustainable Forestry Initiative ® (SFI) standard for wood fiber supplied to our manufacturing facilities, both from our timberlands and from third-party suppliers. If customer preference for a sustainability standard other than SFI increases, or if the SFI standard falls into disfavor , there may be reduced demand and lower prices for our products relative to competitors who can supply products sourced from forests certified to competing certification standards. If we seek to comply with such other standards, we could incur materially increased costs for our operations or be required to modify our operations, such as reducing harvest levels. FSC, in particular, employs standards that are geographically variable and could cause a material reduction in the harvest levels of some of our timberlands, most notably in the Pacific Northwest. Our business and operations could be materially adversely affected by changes in the cost or availability of raw materials and energy. We rely heavily on certain raw materials (principally wood fiber and chemicals) and energy sources (principally natural gas, electricity and fuel oil) in our manufacturing processes. Our ability to increase earnings has been, and will continue to be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials and energy sources. We may not be able to fully offset the effects of higher raw material or energy costs through price increases, productivity improvements, cost-reduction programs or hedging arrangements. The U.S. has experienced significant inflation, which could continue or worsen and therefore negatively affect the cost or availability of raw materials and energy, which we may not be able to fully pass onto our customers. PHYSICAL RISKS RELATED TO CLIMATE CHANGE Changes in global or regional climate conditions could significantly harm our timberland assets and have a negative impact on our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Climate change has the potential to cause significant disruptions to our business and results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. There is increasing concern that increases in global average temperatures caused by increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could cause significant changes in weather patterns, including changes to precipitation patterns and growing seasons. These changes could, in the long term and in some locations, lead to slower growth of our trees and, potentially, changes to the species mix that we manage in our timber assets. An increase in global temperature could also lead to an increase in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events and other natural disasters. Thus, damage or access to our timberland assets by existing causes, such as fire, insect or pest infestation, disease, prolonged drought, flooding, windstorms and other natural disasters, could be significantly worsened by climate change. Extreme weather and temperatures could also lead to interruptions of normal work conditions in our operations. Any one or more of these negative effects on commercial timberland operations from climate change, both our own and that of other commercial timberland operators, could also have a material adverse impact on our Wood Products business by significantly affecting the availability, cost and quality of the wood fiber used in our mill operations. WORKFORCE RISK Our business is dependent upon attracting, retaining and developing key personnel. Our success depends, to a significant extent, upon our ability to attract, retain and develop employees to help run our business, including but not limited to employees needed to staff our operations and key personnel capable of performing at a high level to fill roles in senior corporate and operations management. Our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be significantly adversely affected if we were to fail to recruit, retain, and develop such employees, or if there were to occur any significant decrease in the availability of such employees or any significant increase in the cost of providing such employees with competitive total compensation and benefits. For the last few years, we have experienced a competitive and challenging labor market. In addition, most of our operations are located in rural communities where we draw from local labor forces to fill many positions in both our Timberlands and Wood Products operations. These communities are often beset with many challenges ranging from struggling economies to limited community resources and access to educational opportunities, any one or more of which could lead to decreases in location populations and therefore decreases in the availability of an able and qualified workforce. A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base, whether caused by any singular event such as the global pandemic or as a result of general macroeconomic or other factors, could disrupt our operations and lead to increased labor costs, such as an increased need for overtime work by current employees to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees. A strike or other work stoppage, or our inability to renew collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms, could adversely affect our financial results. A significant number of employees in our Western Timberlands and in our Wood Products businesses located in the Pacific Northwest are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and these employees have in the recent past commenced a work stoppage that was subsequently resolved. We also have collective bargaining agreements with smaller groups of employees in various other parts of our business operations. If our unionized workers were to engage in a protracted work stoppage, we could experience a significant disruption of operations at our facilities. Likewise, if our non-unionized operations were to become unionized and thereafter commence a work stoppage, we could experience a significant disruption of operations at our facilities. If we are unable to reach or renew collective bargaining agreements with our unionized workers, we could also experience higher ongoing labor costs. Any work stoppage by any one or more of our significant customers, transportation providers or suppliers could also have similar negative effects on us. Depending on scope and duration, any of these labor disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 35 Table of Contents PENSION PLAN LIABILITY RISK Volatility in interest rates and lower than expected returns on our pension assets could reduce the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans, requiring us to make significant additional cash contributions to our benefit plans. A portion of our current and former employees have accrued benefits under our defined benefit pension plans. Although the plans are not open to newly hired or rehired employees, current employees hired before the plan closure continue to accrue benefits. Requirements for funding our pension plan liabilities are based on a number of actuarial assumptions, including the expected rate of return on our plan assets and the discount rate applied to our pension plan obligations. Fluctuations in equity market returns and changes in long-term interest rates could increase our costs under our defined benefit pension plans and may significantly affect future contribution requirements. It is unknown what the actual investment return on our pension assets will be in future years and what interest rates may be at any given point in time. We cannot therefore provide any assurance of what our actual pension plan costs will be in the future, or whether we will be required under applicable law to make future material plan contributions. See Note 8: Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans for additional information about these plans, including funding status. STRATEGIC INITIATIVES AND EXECUTION RISK Our business and financial results may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully execute on important strategic initiatives. Our strategic initiatives are designed to improve our results of operations and drive long-term shareholder value. These initiatives include, among others, optimizing cash flow through operational excellence, reducing costs to achieve industry-leading cost structure, innovating in higher-margin products and pursuing opportunities in emerging markets through our Real Estate, Energy & Natural Resources segment. For example, through our natural climate solutions business we are pursuing opportunities to participate in new and emerging markets for forest carbon credits and carbon storage, and the success of these endeavors is subject to many known and unknown risks. Known risks include but are not limited to market acceptance or changes in demand for our natural climate solutions products and services as these new markets evolve over time. Political and regulatory developments could also make these business opportunities less profitable or even impossible to pursue. We are also investing significant capital resources in constructing a new TimberStrand ® manufacturing facility, and our ability to realize our projected financial and other benefits of the project is also subject to many known and unknown risks. These include but are not limited to our ability to timely commence or complete construction of the facility, our ability to procure necessary government licenses, approvals and permits, our receipt of certain tax abatement and related financial incentives from state and local governments and the performance of vendors and contractors. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement any one or more of our important strategic initiatives in accordance with our expectations, which could result in an adverse effect on our business and financial results. We may be unsuccessful in carrying out our acquisition strategy. We intend to strategically pursue acquisitions and strategic divestitures when market conditions warrant. As with any investment, our acquisitions may not perform in accordance with our expectations. In addition, we anticipate financing many of these acquisitions through cash from operations, borrowings under our unsecured credit facilities, proceeds from equity or debt offerings or proceeds from strategic asset dispositions, or any combination thereof. Our inability to finance future acquisitions on favorable terms, or at all, could adversely affect our ability to successfully execute strategic acquisitions and thereby adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK We will be affected by changes in currency exchange rates. We have manufacturing operations in Canada. We are also an exporter and compete with global producers of products very similar to ours. Therefore, we are affected by changes in the strength of the U.S. dollar, particularly relative to the Canadian dollar, euro, yuan and yen, and the strength of the euro relative to the yen. Changes in exchange rates could materially and adversely affect our sales volumes, margins and results of operations. LEGAL, REGULATORY AND TAX RISKS ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS We could incur substantial costs as a result of compliance with, violations of, or liabilities under applicable environmental laws and other laws and regulations. We are subject to a wide range of general and industry-specific laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and wildlife, including those governing:  air emissions,  wastewater discharges,  harvesting,  silvicultural activities, including use of pesticides and herbicides, WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 36 Table of Contents  forestry operations and endangered species habitat protection,  surface water management,  the storage, usage, management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes,  the cleanup of contaminated sites,  landfill operation and closure obligations,  building codes and  health and safety matters. We have incurred, and we expect to continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable environmental laws and regulations and as a result of remedial obligations, and there can be no assurances that existing accruals for specific matters will be adequate to cover future costs. We also could incur substantial costs, such as civil or criminal fines, sanctions and enforcement actions (including orders limiting our operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or other remedial actions), cleanup and closure costs, and third-party claims for property damage and personal injury as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws and regulations. As the owner and operator of real estate, we may be liable under environmental laws for cleanup, closure and other damages resulting from the presence and release of hazardous substances on or from our current or former properties or operations. In addition, surface water management regulations may present liabilities and are subject to change. The amount and timing of environmental expenditures is difficult to predict, and in some cases, our liability may exceed forecasted amounts or the value of the property itself. The discovery of additional contamination or the imposition of additional cleanup obligations at our sites or third-party sites may result in significant additional costs. We also lease some of our properties to third-party operators for the purpose of exploring, extracting, developing and producing oil, gas, rock and other minerals in exchange for fees and royalty payments. These activities are also subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations. These operations may create risk of environmental liabilities for any unlawful discharge of oil, gas or other chemicals into the air, soil or water. Generally, these third-party operators indemnify us against any such liability, and we require that they maintain liability insurance during the term of our lease with them. However, if for any reason our third-party operators are not able to honor their indemnity obligation, or if the required liability insurance were not in effect, then it is possible that we could be deemed responsible for costs associated with environmental liability caused by such third-party operators. Any material liability we incur as a result of activities conducted on our properties by us or by others with whom we have a business relationship could adversely affect our financial condition. We also anticipate public policy developments at the state, federal and international level regarding climate change and energy access, security and competitiveness. As discussed below, we expect these developments to address emission of carbon dioxide, renewable energy and fuel standards, and the monetization of carbon. These developments may also include mandated changes to energy use and building codes which could affect homebuilding practices. Enactment of new environmental laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the interpretation of these laws or regulations, might require significant expenditures. We also anticipate public policy developments at the state, federal and international level regarding taxes and a number of other areas that could require significant expenditures. LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS RELATED TO CLIMATE CHANGE Governmental response to climate change at the international, federal and state levels may affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. There continue to be numerous international, U.S. federal and state-level initiatives and proposals to address domestic and global climate issues. Within the U.S. and Canada, some of these proposals would regulate and/or tax the production of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases to facilitate the reduction of carbon compound emissions into the atmosphere and provide tax and other incentives to produce and use cleaner energy. Indeed, such regulations have already been passed into law in some Canadian provinces and in Washington state, where we have mill operations. Climate change effects, if they occur, and governmental initiatives, laws and regulations to address potential climate concerns, could increase our costs and have a long-term adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations. Future legislation or regulatory activity in this area remains uncertain, and its effect on our operations is unclear at this time. However, climate change legislation or related government mandates, standards or regulations intended to mitigate or reduce carbon compound, greenhouse gas emissions or other climate change effects could have significant adverse effects on our business and operations as well as our ability to achieve our recently announced business goals in emerging carbon credit and carbon storage markets. Any one or more of such new legal requirements and regulations could, for example, significantly increase the costs for our mills to comply with stricter air emissions regulations. They could also limit harvest levels for commercial timberland operators, which could in turn adversely affect our timberland operations as well as potentially lead to significant increases in the cost of energy, wood fiber and other raw materials for our wood products businesses. Any one or more of these developments, as well as other unforeseeable governmental responses to climate change, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 37 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS We are involved in various environmental, regulatory, product liability and other legal matters, disputes and proceedings that, if determined or concluded in a manner adverse to our interests, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We are, from time to time, involved in a number of legal matters, disputes and proceedings (legal matters), some of which involve ongoing litigation. These include, without limitation, legal matters involving environmental clean-up and remediation, warranty and non-warranty product liability claims, regulatory issues, contractual and personal injury claims and other legal matters. In some cases, all or a portion of any loss we experience in connection with any such legal matters will be covered by insurance; in other cases, any such losses will not be covered. The outcome, costs and other effects of current legal matters in which we are involved, and any related insurance recoveries, cannot be determined with certainty. Although the disclosures in Note 13: Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies contain management ’ s current views of the effect such legal matters could have on our financial results, there can be no assurance that the outcome of such legal matters will be as currently expected. It is possible that there could be adverse judgments against us in some or all major litigation matters against us, and that we could be required to take a charge and make cash payments for all or a portion of any related awards of damages. Any one or more of such charges or cash payment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows for the quarter or year in which we record or pay it. REIT STATUS AND TAX IMPLICATIONS If we fail to remain qualified as a REIT, our taxable income would be subject to tax at corporate rates and we would not be able to deduct dividends to shareholders. In any taxable year in which we fail to qualify as a REIT, unless we are entitled to relief under the IRC:  We would not be allowed to deduct dividends to shareholders in computing our taxable income.  We would be subject to federal and state income tax on our taxable income at applicable corporate rates.  We also would be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we lost qualification. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (IRC or Code) to our operations and the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. There are only limited judicial or administrative interpretations of these provisions. We closely monitor our compliance with all of the various requirements for maintaining our REIT status. For example, we regularly test our compliance with the general requirement that at least 75 percent of the market value of our total assets consist of REIT-qualifying interests in real property (such as timberlands) and certain other specified qualifying assets, and that no more than 25 percent of the market value of our total assets may consist of assets that are not REIT-qualifying assets. Although we operate in a manner consistent with these REIT qualification rules, we cannot provide assurance that we are or will remain qualified. Certain of our business activities are subject to corporate-level income tax and potentially subject to prohibited transactions tax. Under the IRC, REITs generally must engage in the ownership and management of income producing real estate. For the company, this generally includes owning and managing a timberland portfolio for the production and sale of standing timber. Certain activities that generate non-qualifying REIT income could constitute “prohibited transactions.” Prohibited transactions are defined by the Internal Revenue Code generally to be sales or other dispositions of property to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business. Accordingly, the harvesting and sale of logs, the development or sale of certain timberlands and other real estate, and the manufacture and sale of wood products are conducted through one or more of our wholly-owned TRSs, the net income of which is subject to corporate-level tax. By conducting our business in this manner, we believe that we satisfy the REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. However, if the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) were to successfully assert that these or any of our activities conducted at the REIT constituted prohibited transactions, we could be subject to the 100 percent tax on the net income from such activities. The extent of our use of our TRSs may affect our REIT qualification and affect the price of our common shares relative to the share price of other REITs. We conduct a significant portion of our business activities through one or more TRSs. The use of our TRSs enables us to engage in non-REIT qualifying business activities such as the harvesting and sale of logs, manufacture and sale of wood products, and the development and sale of certain higher and better use (HBU) property. Our TRSs are subject to corporate-level income tax. Under the Code, no more than 20 percent of the value of the gross assets of a REIT may be represented by securities of one or more TRSs. This limitation may affect our ability to increase the size of our TRSs’ operations. While we intend to monitor the value of our investments in the stock and securities of our TRSs to ensure compliance with the 20 percent limitation, we cannot provide assurance that we will always be able to comply with the limitation so as to maintain REIT status. If we were to exceed the 20 percent limitation, we may be forced to sell or otherwise distribute assets of our TRSs in order to remain a qualified REIT. Furthermore, our use of TRSs may cause the market to value our common shares differently than the shares of other REITs, which may not use TRSs at all, or as extensively as we use them. The failure of either of our two subsidiary REITs to maintain their separate REIT qualification could affect the company’s own REIT qualification. The vast majority of our timberlands are held in two subsidiaries that we operate to qualify as REITs. Our western timberlands and related assets are held in a subsidiary that began qualifying as a REIT beginning in the tax year 2022 and our southern timberlands and related assets are held WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 38 Table of Contents in another subsidiary that intends to qualify as a REIT beginning in the tax year 2025. While our ownership interests in these subsidiaries are qualifying real estate assets for purposes of the company’s 75 percent asset test described above, any failure of either subsidiary REIT to maintain its own separate REIT status would generally result in the subsidiary being subject to regular U.S. corporate income tax, as described above, and the company’s ownership interest in the subsidiary no longer qualifying as a real estate asset for purposes of the 75 percent asset test. If this were to occur, the company’s own REIT qualification could be adversely affected. We may be limited in our ability to fund distributions using cash generated through our TRSs. The ability of the company to receive dividends from our TRSs is limited by the rules with which we must comply to maintain our status as a REIT. In particular, at least 75 percent of gross income for each taxable year as a REIT must be derived from real estate sources including sales of our standing timber and other types of qualifying real estate income, and no more than 25 percent of our gross income may consist of dividends from our TRSs and other non-real estate income. This limitation on our ability to receive dividends from our TRSs may affect our ability to fund cash distributions to our shareholders using cash flows from our TRSs. The net income of our TRSs is not required to be distributed, and income of our TRSs that is not distributed to the company will not be subject to the REIT income distribution requirement. To maintain our qualification as a REIT and to avoid an excise tax, we are generally required to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to our shareholders. Generally, REITs are required to distribute 90 percent of their ordinary taxable income and (to avoid an excise tax) 95 percent of their net capital gains income. Capital gains may be retained by the REIT but would be subject to corporate income taxes. If capital gains were retained rather than distributed, our shareholders would be deemed to have received a taxable distribution (about which we would notify them), with a credit or refund for any federal income tax paid by the company. We believe that we are not required to distribute material amounts of cash since substantially all of our taxable income is treated as capital gains income. As previously discussed in these Risk Factors, our board of directors, in its sole discretion, determines the amount, timing and frequency of our dividends to shareholders. Changes in tax laws or their interpretation could adversely affect our shareholders and our results of operations. Federal and state tax laws are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS, the United States Department of the Treasury and state taxing authorities. Changes to tax laws could adversely affect our shareholders or increase our effective tax rates. We cannot predict with certainty whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws applicable to us or our shareholders may be changed. U.S. AND INTERNATIONAL TRADE POLICY Changes in U.S. foreign trade policy and responses from other countries may substantially increase the cost of our products in our export markets as well as increase the cost of imported products and raw materials that we use in our operations. Our ability to conduct business can be significantly affected by changes in tariffs, duties, taxes or customs resulting from changes in U.S. and foreign trade policy. For example, we export logs and finished wood products to foreign markets, including Canada and China, and our ability to do so profitably would be affected by trade disputes that result in tariffs being charged on these products. The new U.S. presidential administration has proposed to significantly increase tariffs on foreign imports into the United States, including imports from countries to which we export our products, such as Canada and China. In addition to increasing the cost of the wood products that we export to U.S. markets from our Canadian operations, this policy could result in one or more of our foreign export market jurisdictions adopting retaliatory trade policy that makes it more difficult or costly for us to export our products to those countries including, for example, by increasing tariffs, taxes or duties on our products or by placing significant import restrictions on our products such as onerous and excessive phytosanitary requirements. We could therefore experience reduced revenues and margins in our businesses that are adversely affected by international trade policy or disputes, including the terms of any settlement of such disputes. To the extent such trade policies increase prices, they could also reduce the overall demand for our products in affected markets. Likewise, U.S.-imposed tariffs on imports could also increase our costs for products and raw materials that we use in our operations, and we may not be able to pass on those cost increases to our customers. These changes could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, financial results and financial condition, including facility closures or impairments of assets. We cannot predict future U.S. or foreign trade policy or the terms and conditions of any resolutions or settlements of international trade disputes and their effects on our business. OTHER RISKS RISKS RELATED TO OWNING OUR STOCK Our cash dividends are not guaranteed and may fluctuate. Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, determines the amount and timing of our cash dividends to shareholders based on consideration of a number of factors. These factors include, but are not limited to: our results of operations and cash flows; current and forecasted economic conditions; changes in the current or expected prices and demand for our products and the general market demand for timberlands, including those timberland properties that have higher and better uses; current and forecasted harvest levels; balancing various capital allocation priorities and considerations including without limitation the company’s capital requirements and debt repayment obligations; various finance WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 39 Table of Contents considerations, including the company’s credit ratings, borrowing capacity, debt covenant restrictions that may impose limitations on cash payments and other related factors and tax considerations. Consequently, the amount, timing and frequency of our dividends, including our quarterly base dividend and annual supplemental dividend, may fluctuate. The market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control. The market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including without limitation those described above and elsewhere in this report, as well as the following:  actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results or our competitors' operating results;  announcements by us or our competitors of new products, capacity changes, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments or initiatives;  our growth rate and our competitors’ growth rates;  general economic conditions;  conditions in the financial markets;  market interest rates and the relative yields on other financial instruments;  general perceptions and expectations regarding housing markets, interest rates, commodity prices and currencies;  changes in stock market analyst recommendations regarding us, our competitors or the forest products industry generally, or lack of analyst coverage of our common stock;  sales of our common stock by our executive officers, directors and significant shareholders;  sales or repurchases of substantial amounts of common stock;  fluctuation in the market price of our products (see Product Pricing and Profitability above);  changes in accounting principles and  changes in tax laws and regulations. In addition, there has been significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of companies, including companies operating in the forest products industry, that often has been unrelated to individual company operating performance. Some companies that have experienced volatile market prices for their securities have had securities litigation brought against them. If litigation of this type is brought against us, it could result in substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources. CAPITAL MARKETS RISKS Deterioration in economic conditions and capital markets could adversely affect our access to capital. Challenging market conditions could impair the company ’ s ability to raise debt or equity capital or otherwise access capital markets on terms acceptable to us, which may, among other effects, reduce our ability to refinance debt maturities or take advantage of growth and expansion opportunities. Moreover, our businesses require substantial capital for repair or replacement of existing facilities or equipment. While we believe our capital resources will be adequate to meet our current projected operating needs, capital expenditures and other cash requirements, if for any reason we are unable to access capital for our operating needs, capital expenditures and other cash requirements on acceptable economic terms, or at all, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized rating organizations could adversely affect our cost of financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. Credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include our operating results and balance sheet, actions that we take, their view of the general outlook for our industry and their view of the general outlook for the economy. Ratings decisions by these agencies include maintaining, upgrading or downgrading our current rating, as well as placing the company on a "watch list" for possible future ratings actions. Any downgrade of our credit rating, or decision by a rating agency to place us on a "watch list" for possible future downgrading could have an adverse effect on our ability to access credit markets, increase our cost of financing, and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS AND CYBERSECURITY Risks associated with our Information Technology (IT) systems, including but not limited to security breaches, system failures or other significant disruptions, as well as risks relating to implementation of new IT systems such as delays, cost overruns and platform integration problems, could compromise our data and adversely affect our operations, reported financial results and reputation and thereby expose us to potential liability or litigation. We use IT systems to carry out our operating activities, maintain our business records, and collect and store sensitive data, including but not limited to intellectual property and personally identifiable information. Some of our systems are internally managed and some are maintained by third-party service providers. Although we employ, and we believe our third-party service providers employ, what we deem to be reasonably adequate security measures and controls, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be effective against the risks we face from cyber-attacks, including from: computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists; malicious code (such as malware, viruses and ransomware); an intentional or unintentional personnel action; a natural disaster; a hardware or software corruption, failure or error; a telecommunications system failure or disruption; a service provider failure or error; or any one or more other causes of a security breach, system WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 40 Table of Contents failure or disruption. The increased prevalence and sophistication of Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools, such as AI-enabled malware, could increase the risks of cyber-attacks to our systems and to those of our third-party service providers. Implementation of new IT systems, including replacement of legacy systems with new or upgraded versions, could also pose a significant risk to us, as any such implementation could involve system failure, potential loss or corruption of our important data, security or internal control failures, delays, cost overruns and disruption to our operations. Although we have, on occasion, experienced cybersecurity threats to our data and IT systems, including phishing attacks, to date no events of this nature have had a material adverse effect on our business or otherwise caused material harm to the company. However, if in the future our IT systems are significantly disrupted, shut down or otherwise compromised for any reason, or if our data is destroyed, misappropriated or inappropriately disclosed, our operations and financial results could be negatively affected. Additionally, we could suffer significant losses or incur significant liabilities, including without limitation damage to our reputation, loss of customer confidence or goodwill and significant expenditures of time and money to address and remediate any resulting damages to affected individuals or business partners or to defend ourselves in resulting litigation or other legal proceedings by affected individuals, business partners or regulators. For more information about our cybersecurity program, see Item 1C Cybersecurity . UNRESOLVED ST AFF COMMENTS There are no unresolved comments that were received from the SEC staff relating to our periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. CYBERSECURITY RISK MANAGEMENT Our risk management program includes focused efforts on identifying, assessing and managing cybersecurity risk, including the following:  A robust information security training program that requires all company employees with access to our networks to participate in regular and mandatory training on how to be aware of, and help defend against, cyber risks, combined with periodic testing to measure the efficacy of our training efforts. Highlights of our training program include: • At least annual training for company employees who have access to our information systems. • Specialized training for all new hires. • Targeted training for all employees aimed at responding to current and emerging risks and threats using tools such as situational simulations and frequent testing of our employees' ability to identify and appropriately respond to cybersecurity threats.  Alignment of our program with the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework to prevent, detect and respond to cyberattacks.  Ongoing adoption of a “zero trust” cybersecurity model.  Regular and robust testing of our systems to assess our vulnerability to cyber risk, which includes targeted penetration testing, tabletop incident response exercises, periodic audits of our systems by outside industry experts and regular vulnerability scanning.  A formal vendor risk assessment process to ensure any vendors with information access have appropriate security measures and practices in place.  Engaging external cybersecurity experts in incident response development and management.  Business continuity plans and critical recovery backup systems.  Requiring employees and third parties who have access to our systems to treat confidential and private information and data with care.  Insurance for damage to property caused by a cyberattack. Our chief information security officer (CISO) is primarily responsible for leading the technical team that assesses and manages cybersecurity risk for the company on a day-to-day basis . He and other members of the cybersecurity team have deep and broad experience and training in cybersecurity management, as well as relevant education and industry recognized certifications in information systems security . CYBERSECURITY INCIDENT RESPONSE PROCESS We maintain and actively update a cybersecurity incident response plan that outlines the steps we take to identify, investigate and take action in response to any potentially material cyber incidents. Our response plan ensures that our Cyber Incident Response Team, which includes our WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 41 Table of Contents CISO, members of our senior management team and select members of our legal staff, is timely informed of and consulted with respect to any potentially material cyber incidents. BOARD OVERSIGHT OF CYBER RISK Members of management, including our CISO, regularly report on the company’s cybersecurity matters to both our board’s Audit Committee and to the full board , which has primary oversight responsibility in this area, as follows:  Our cybersecurity program and risks are specifically discussed at least three times per year (including as part of our discussions regarding enterprise risk management).  Our internal audit function’s reviews of our information security programs and controls are included in quarterly reports to the Audit Committee .  Current information security issues that arise during the year are discussed throughout the year if potentially significant to the company and are discussed with our chairman and Audit Committee chair between board meetings as appropriate. RISK MITIGATION We also manage cybersecurity risk by limiting our threat landscape. For example, we do not store, transmit or process many of the types of data commonly targeted in cyberattacks, such as consumer credit card or financial information, nor do we store or maintain significant proprietary data on our systems. Moreover, our businesses do not involve or represent national infrastructure, the likes of which are common targets of cyber attackers (e.g., energy, oil and gas, transportation, communications and banking and financial systems). We recognize that cyber threats are a permanent part of the risk landscape and that new threats are constantly evolving. For these and other reasons, cybersecurity is a top risk management priority at Weyerhaeuser. Like many companies, we face a number of cybersecurity risks in the day-to-day operation of our business. Although during the three-year period ended December 31, 2024 and to date these risks have not materialized into any incident or series of incidents that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect the company , its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition or otherwise caused material harm to the company , we have, on occasion, experienced cybersecurity threats to our data and information systems, including phishing attacks. Over this same time period, certain of our vendors and service providers have notified us of cybersecurity incidents involving their own systems and these cybersecurity incidents, likewise, have not materially affected us, our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition or otherwise caused material harm to the company. To date, we have incurred no expenses for penalties or settlements with a third party relating to any cybersecurity incidents. For more information about the cybersecurity risks we face, see the risk factor entitled "Information Systems and Cybersecurity" in Item 1A Risk Factors . PROPERTIES Details about our facilities, production capacities and locations are found in the Our Business — What We Do section of this report.  For details about our Timberlands properties, go to Our Business/What We Do/Timberlands/Where We Do It .  For details about our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources properties, go to Our Business/What We Do/Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources/Where We Do It .  For details about our Wood Products properties, go to Our Business/What We Do/Wood Products/Where We Do It . LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Refer to Note 13: Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies . SEC regulations require us to disclose certain information about proceedings arising under federal, state or local environmental provisions if we reasonably believe that such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions above a stated threshold. In accordance with these regulations, the company uses a threshold of $1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required pursuant to this item. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol WY. As of December 31, 2024, there were 11,110 holders of record of our common shares. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 42 Table of Contents INFORMATION ABOUT COMMON SHARE REPURCHASES The following table provides information with respect to purchases of common shares made by the company during fourth quarter 2024: TOTAL NUMBER APPROXIMATE OF SHARES DOLLAR VALUE PURCHASED AS OF SHARES THAT PART OF MAY YET BE PUBLICLY PURCHASED TOTAL NUMBER AVERAGE ANNOUNCED UNDER THE COMMON SHARE REPURCHASES DURING FOURTH OF SHARES PRICE PAID PLANS OR PLANS OR QUARTER 2024 PURCHASED PER SHARE PROGRAMS PROGRAMS October 1 - October 31 238,742 $ 32.72 238,742 $ 119,483,627 November 1 - November 30 — $ — — $ 119,483,627 December 1 - December 31 686,859 $ 30.18 686,859 $ 98,753,490 Total 925,601 $ 30.84 925,601 On September 22, 2021, we announced that our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program (the 2021 Repurchase Program) under which we are authorized to repurchase up to $1 billion of outstanding shares. Concurrently, the board terminated the remaining repurchase authorization under the 2019 repurchase program. During fourth quarter 2024, we repurchased 925,601 common shares for approximately $28 million (including transaction fees) under the 2021 Repurchase Program in open-market transactions. Transaction fees incurred for repurchases are not counted as use of funds authorized for repurchase under the 2021 Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2024, we had remaining authorization of $99 million for future share repurchases. COMPARISON OF FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN Weyerhaeuser Company, S&P 500 and S&P Global Timber & Forestry Index PERFORMANCE GRAPH ASSUMPTIONS  Assumes $100 invested on December 31, 2019, in Weyerhaeuser common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Global Timber & Forestry Index.  Total return assumes dividends received are reinvested immediately.  Measurement dates are the last trading day of the calendar year shown. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 43 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANC IAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (MD&A) WHAT YOU WILL FIND IN THIS MD&A Our MD&A includes the following major sections:  economic and market conditions affecting our operations;  financial performance summary;  results of operations;  liquidity and capital resources;  environmental matters, legal proceedings and other contingencies;  accounting matters and  performance and liquidity measures. For Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) related to the year ended December 31, 2022, refer to this same section in our 2023 annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2024. ECONOMIC AND MARKET CONDITIO NS AFFECTING OUR OPERATIONS Our market conditions and the strength of the broader U.S. economy are, and will continue to be, influenced by the trajectory of activity in the U.S. housing and repair and remodel segments, inflation trends and interest rates. The demand for sawlogs within our Timberlands segment is directly affected by domestic production of wood-based building products. The strength of the U.S. housing market, particularly new residential construction, strongly affects demand in our Wood Products segment, as does repair and remodeling activity. Seasonal weather patterns impact the level of construction activity in the U.S., which in turn affects demand for our logs and wood products. Our Timberlands segment, specifically the Western region, is also affected by export demand and trade policy. Japanese housing starts are a key driver of export log demand in Japan. The demand for pulpwood from our Timberlands segment is directly affected by the production of pulp, paper and oriented strand board (OSB), as well as the demand for biofuels, such as wood-burning pellets made from pulpwood. Our Timberlands segment is also influenced by the availability of harvestable timber. In general, Western log markets are highly tensioned by available supply, while Southern log markets have more available supply. However, additional mill capacity being added in the U.S. South has led to tightening of markets in certain geographies. Our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment is affected by a variety of factors, including the general state of the economy, local real estate market conditions, the level of construction activity in the U.S. and evolution of emerging renewable energy and carbon-related markets. Over the past year, home sales and building activity moderated in part due to consistently elevated mortgage interest rates and reduced affordability. Specifically, multi-family construction has been hampered by a large supply of recently completed projects as well as higher interest rates and other factors constraining the underwriting of proposed projects. In contrast, new single-family home construction has remained resilient, as existing homeowners continued to be constrained by the lock-in effect of lower mortgage rates, compared to current rates. On a seasonally adjusted annual basis, as reported by the U.S. Census Bureau, housing starts for fourth quarter 2024 averaged 1.4 million units, a 3.5 percent increase from third quarter 2024. Single-family starts averaged 1.0 million units in fourth quarter 2024, a 3.3 percent increase from third quarter 2024. Multi-family starts averaged 376 thousand units in fourth quarter 2024, which was a 4.1 percent increase from third quarter 2024. Single-family construction is the primary driver for our business as compared to multi-family due to the amount of wood products used. Sales of newly built, single-family homes averaged a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 662 thousand units for fourth quarter 2024, a decrease of 6.5 percent from third quarter 2024, primarily driven by a seasonal reduction in buying activity. Over the medium to long-term, we expect a favorable U.S. housing construction market supported by strong demographics in the key home buying age cohorts, a decade of under building and historically low housing inventory. Repair and remodeling expenditures decreased by 0.7 percent from third quarter 2024 to fourth quarter 2024 according to the Census Bureau Advance Retail Spending report. While there continues to be steady demand due to growing home equity and the lock-in effect, many homeowners have been more cautious in discretionary spending on large projects. Additionally, some repair and remodeling activity was accelerated during the pandemic which has had some impact on the level of spending. This softness has been reflected in both the do-it-yourself (DIY) and professionally built segments. Over the longer term, we expect this sector to resume pre-pandemic growth trends with healthy household balance sheets, elevated home equity and an aging U.S. housing stock, with a median age of 45 years. In U.S. wood product markets, pricing for lumber and OSB increased during the fourth quarter, primarily driven by more constrained market supply. Demand for both products reflected measured buyer sentiment and a typical seasonal reduction in building activity through the winter months. In fourth quarter 2024, the Random Lengths Framing Lumber Composite price averaged $429/MBF and the OSB Composite averaged WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 44 Table of Contents $401/MSF. Over the course of fourth quarter 2024, composite prices for lumber increased from $396/MBF to $433/MBF and composite prices for OSB increased from $344/MSF to $418/MSF. Recent mill curtailments contributed to the strengthening lumber prices. OSB prices were supported by steady demand and limited open-market supply. In Western log markets, Douglas fir sawlog prices increased 5.6 percent in fourth quarter 2024 compared with third quarter 2024, as reported by Fastmarkets RISI Log Lines based on Weyerhaeuser’s sales mix. Strengthening lumber prices and seasonal reductions in log supply contributed to log price increases in fourth quarter 2024. In the South, delivered sawlog prices decreased 3.0 percent in fourth quarter 2024 compared to third quarter 2024 and declined 2.9 percent from fourth quarter 2023, as reported by TimberMart-South. This was largely driven by ample log supply and ongoing actions taken by mills to align capacity with lower demand for finished products, partially driven by the seasonal reduction in building activity in the winter months. Currency exchange rates, available supply from other countries and trade policy affect our export businesses. During fourth quarter 2024, end use demand in export markets moderated. In Japan, total housing starts decreased 3.4 percent year to date through November compared to the same period in 2023, while the key Post and Beam segment saw a 2.6 percent decrease. The slowing demand was partially offset by a decrease in lumber imports to Japan from Europe, and reduced inventories of European lumber in the Japanese market. China’s log markets were generally stable despite ongoing softness in end-market demand. Interest rates affect our business primarily through their impact on mortgage rates and housing affordability, their general impact on the economy and their influence on our capital management activities. Actions by the U.S. Federal Reserve, the overall condition of the economy and fluctuations in financial markets are all factors that influence long-term interest rates. 30-year mortgage rates, which are correlated with long-term interest rates, increased from 6.1 percent in third quarter 2024 to 6.9 percent in fourth quarter 2024, according to economic data from Freddie Mac. Many builders have been able to offset higher mortgage rates through discounts, mortgage rate buydowns and modifying product offerings such as home sizes and finishes. Higher rates have also locked-in many existing homeowners from selling, thereby reducing inventories of existing homes for sale which has led to increased demand for available new homes. Increased inflation affects the cost of our operations across each of our business segments, including costs for raw materials, transportation, energy and labor. The Consumer Price Index increased at an annual rate of 2.9 percent as of December 2024 compared to 2.4 percent in September 2024. This rate is markedly down from its peak of over 9.0 percent in June 2022. While we can offset some of the impacts of inflation through our sales activities, operational excellence initiatives and procurement practices, not all costs associated with inflation can be fully mitigated or passed on to the customer. The condition of the labor market affects all of our businesses as it relates to our ability to attract and retain employees and contractors. The unemployment rate remained flat at 4.1 percent from third quarter 2024 to fourth quarter 2024. Governments and businesses across the globe are taking action on climate change and are making significant commitments toward decarbonizing operations and reducing greenhouse gas emissions to net zero. Achieving these commitments will require governments and companies to take major steps to modify operations, invest in low-carbon activities and purchase credits to reduce environmental impacts. We believe we are uniquely positioned to help entities achieve these commitments through natural climate solutions, including forest carbon sequestration, carbon capture and storage and renewable energy activities. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 45 Table of Contents FINANCIAL PERFO RMANCE SUMMARY Net Sales by Segment Contribution to Earnings by Segment WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 46 Table of Contents RESULTS OF OPERATIONS In reviewing our results of operations, it is important to understand these terms:  Sales realizations refer to net selling prices — this includes selling price plus freight minus normal sales deductions.  Net contribution (charge) to earnings refers to earnings (loss) before interest expense, loss on debt extinguishment and income taxes. CONSOLIDAT ED RESULTS HOW WE DID Summary of Financial Results DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER-SHARE FIGURES AMOUNT OF CHANGE 2024 vs. 2024 2023 2023 Net sales $ 7,124 $ 7,674 $ (550 ) Costs of sales $ 5,811 $ 5,992 $ (181 ) Operating income $ 685 $ 1,186 $ (501 ) Net earnings $ 396 $ 839 $ (443 ) Basic and diluted earnings per share $ 0.54 $ 1.15 $ (0.61 ) COMPARING 2024 WITH 2023 Net Sales Net sales decreased $550 million — 7 percent — primarily due to a $436 million decrease in Wood Products net sales attributable to decreased sales realizations and sales volumes across most product lines, as well as a $142 million decrease in Timberlands net sales to unaffiliated customers attributable to decreased log sales realizations and sales volumes in the Western and Southern regions. Costs of Sales Costs of sales decreased $181 million — 3 percent — primarily due to decreased sales volumes across most product lines in Wood Products, as well as decreased sales volumes in our Timberlands segment, partially offset by an increase in acres sold in our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. Operating Income Operating income decreased $501 million — 42 percent — primarily due to a $369 million decrease in consolidated gross margin (see discussion of components above), as well as an $84 million decrease in gain on sale of timberlands (refer to Note 4: Timberland Acquisitions and Divestitures ). Net Earnings Net earnings decreased $443 million — 53 percent — primarily due to the $501 million decrease in operating income discussed above. This decrease was partially offset by a $67 million decrease in income tax expense (refer to Income Taxes ). WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 47 Table of Contents TIMBE RLANDS HOW WE DID We report sales volumes and fee harvest volumes for our Timberlands segment in Our Business/What We Do/Timberlands . Net Sales and Net Contribution to Earnings for Timberlands DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS AMOUNT OF CHANGE 2024 vs. 2024 2023 2023 Net sales to unaffiliated customers: Delivered logs: West $ 693 $ 794 $ (101 ) South 603 643 (40 ) North 46 48 (2 ) Total 1,342 1,485 (143 ) Stumpage and pay-as-cut timber 51 56 (5 ) Recreational and other lease revenue 77 74 3 Other products (1) 42 39 3 Subtotal net sales to unaffiliated customers 1,512 1,654 (142 ) Intersegment net sales 554 572 (18 ) Total segment net sales $ 2,066 $ 2,226 $ (160 ) Costs of sales $ 1,686 $ 1,746 $ (60 ) Operating income $ 279 $ 488 $ (209 ) Interest income and other 1 — 1 Net contribution to earnings $ 280 $ 488 $ (208 ) (1) Other products include sales of seeds and seedlings from our nursery operations and wood chips. COMPARING 2024 WITH 2023 Net Sales — Unaffiliated Customers Net sales to unaffiliated customers decreased $142 million — 9 percent — primarily due to a $101 million decrease in Western log sales attributable to a 7 percent decrease in sales realizations and a 6 percent decrease in sales volumes, as well as a $40 million decrease in Southern log sales primarily attributable to a 5 percent decrease in sales volumes. Intersegment Sales Intersegment sales decreased $18 million — 3 percent — primarily due to a 6 percent decrease in sales realizations, partially offset by a 3 percent increase in sales volumes. Costs of Sales Costs of sales decreased $60 million — 3 percent — primarily due to decreased Western and Southern sales volumes. Net Contribution to Earnings Net contribution to earnings decreased $208 million — 43 percent — primarily due to the change in the components of gross margin, as discussed above, as well as an $84 million decrease in gain on sale of timberlands (refer to Note 4: Timberland Acquisitions and Divestitures ). WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 48 Table of Contents REAL ESTATE, ENERGY A ND NATURAL RESOURCES HOW WE DID We report acres sold and average price per acre for our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources (Real Estate & ENR) segment in Our Business/What We Do/Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources . Net Sales and Net Contribution to Earnings for Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS AMOUNT OF CHANGE 2024 vs. 2024 2023 2023 Net sales to unaffiliated buyers: Real estate $ 280 $ 237 $ 43 Energy and natural resources 111 126 (15 ) Total segment net sales $ 391 $ 363 $ 28 Costs of sales $ 152 $ 126 $ 26 Operating income and Net contribution to earnings $ 216 $ 211 $ 5 The volume of real estate sales is a function of many factors, including the general state of the economy, demand in local real estate markets, the ability of buyers to obtain financing, the number of competing properties listed for sale, the seasonal nature of sales, the plans of adjacent landowners, our expectations of future price appreciation, the timing of harvesting activities and the availability of government and not-for-profit funding. In any period, the average price per acre will vary based on the location and physical characteristics of parcels sold. COMPARING 2024 WITH 2023 Net Sales Net sales increased $28 million — 8 percent — primarily due to an increase in acres sold, partially offset by a decrease in average price per acre sold and a decrease in royalty income from our Energy and Natural Resources business. Costs of Sales Costs of sales increased $26 million — 21 percent — primarily due to an increase in acres sold. Operating Income and Net Contribution to Earnings Operating income and net contribution to earnings increased $5 million — 2 percent — primarily due to the change in the components of gross margin, as discussed above. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 49 Table of Contents WOOD PR ODUCTS HOW WE DID We report sales volumes and annual production data for our Wood Products segment in Our Business/What We Do/Wood Products . Net Sales and Net Contribution to Earnings for Wood Products DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS AMOUNT OF CHANGE 2024 vs. 2024 2023 2023 Net sales: Structural lumber $ 1,906 $ 2,123 $ (217 ) Oriented strand board 979 944 35 Engineered solid section 708 783 (75 ) Engineered I-joists 390 447 (57 ) Softwood plywood 158 166 (8 ) Medium density fiberboard 159 155 4 Complementary building products 615 704 (89 ) Other products produced (1) 306 335 (29 ) Total segment net sales $ 5,221 $ 5,657 $ (436 ) Costs of sales $ 4,516 $ 4,699 $ (183 ) Operating income and Net contribution to earnings $ 457 $ 709 $ (252 ) (1) Other products produced sales include wood chips, other byproducts and third-party residual log sales from our Canadian Forestlands operations. COMPARING 2024 WITH 2023 Net Sales Net sales decreased $436 million — 8 percent — primarily due to:  a $217 million decrease in structural lumber sales attributable to a 7 percent decrease in sales realizations, as well as a 3 percent decrease in sales volumes;  an $89 million decrease in complementary building products sales attributable to decreased sales volumes across most products;  a $75 million decrease in engineered solid section sales attributable to a 10 percent decrease in sales realizations;  a $57 million decrease in engineered I-joists sales attributable to a 10 percent decrease in sales realizations, as well as a 3 percent decrease in sales volumes;  a $29 million decrease in other products produced primarily attributable to decreased sales realizations for wood chips and  an $8 million decrease in softwood plywood sales attributable to a 5 percent decrease in sales realizations. These decreases were partially offset by a $35 million increase in oriented strand board sales attributable to a 6 percent increase in sales realizations, partially offset by a 2 percent decrease in sales volumes. Costs of Sales Costs of sales decreased $183 million — 4 percent — primarily due to decreased sales volumes across most product lines. Operating Income and Net Contribution to Earnings Operating income and net contribution to earnings decreased $252 million — 36 percent — primarily due to the change in the components of gross margin, as discussed above. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 50 Table of Contents UNALLOCAT ED ITEMS Unallocated items are gains or charges not related to, or allocated to, an individual operating segment. They include all or a portion of items such as:  share-based compensation,  pension and post-employment costs,  elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO - the last-in, first-out method,  foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from changes in exchange rates primarily related to our U.S. dollar denominated cash and debt balances that are held by our Canadian subsidiary, as well as  interest income and other. Net Charge to Earnings for Unallocated Items DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS AMOUNT OF CHANGE 2024 vs. 2024 2023 2023 Unallocated corporate function and variable compensation expense $ (154 ) $ (127 ) $ (27 ) Liability classified share-based compensation 2 (2 ) 4 Foreign exchange gain 1 1 — Elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO 4 11 (7 ) Other (120 ) (105 ) (15 ) Operating loss (267 ) (222 ) (45 ) Non-operating pension and other post-employment benefit costs (42 ) (45 ) 3 Interest income and other 52 76 (24 ) Net charge to earnings $ (257 ) $ (191 ) $ (66 ) Net charge to earnings increased by $66 million — 35 percent — primarily due to:  a $27 million increase in unallocated corporate function and variable compensation expense;  a $24 million decrease in interest income and other, primarily attributable to a decrease in our cash and short-term investment accounts and  a $7 million decrease in elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO. INTEREST EXPENSE Our net interest expense incurred for the last two years was:  $269 million in 2024 and  $280 million in 2023. Interest expense decreased by $11 million compared to 2023 primarily due to a series of debt issuances and retirements during 2023 that decreased our average outstanding debt. Refer to Note 11: Long-Term Debt, Net for further information. INCOME TAXES As a REIT, we generally are not subject to federal corporate level income taxes on REIT taxable income that is distributed to shareholders. Historical distributions to shareholders, including amounts and tax characteristics, are summarized in the table below. AMOUNTS PER SHARE 2024 2023 Common - capital gain distribution $ 0.94 $ 1.66 We are required to pay corporate income taxes on earnings of our TRSs, which include our Wood Products segment and portions of our Timberlands and Real Estate & ENR segments' earnings. Our provision for income taxes is primarily driven by earnings generated by our TRSs. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 51 Table of Contents Our provision for income taxes the last two years was:  $31 million in 2024 and  $98 million in 2023. Income tax expense decreased by $67 million compared to 2023 primarily due to decreases in our pretax earnings and effective income tax rate. Refer to Note 18: Income Taxes for further information. LIQUIDITY AND CA PITAL RESOURCES We are committed to maintaining an appropriate capital structure that provides financial flexibility and enables us to protect the interests of our shareholders and meet our obligations to our lenders, while also maintaining access to all major financial markets. As of December 31, 2024, we had $684 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.5 billion of availability on our line of credit, which expires in March 2028. We believe we have sufficient liquidity to meet our cash requirements for the foreseeable future. CASH FROM OPERATIONS Consolidated net cash from operations was:  $1,008 million in 2024 and  $1,433 million in 2023. COMPARING 2024 WITH 2023 Net cash from operations decreased by $425 million, primarily due to decreased cash inflows from our business operations. Pension Contributions and Benefit Payments Made and Expected During 2024, we contributed a total of $18 million to our pension and post-employment benefit plans, compared to a total of $20 million during 2023. For 2025, we expect to contribute approximately $20 million to our pension and post-employment benefit plans. Refer to Note 8: Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans for further information . INVESTING IN OUR BUSINESS Cash from investing activities includes items such as:  capital expenditures for property, equipment and reforestation,  acquisitions of timberlands,  proceeds from sales of assets and operations and  purchases and maturities of short-term investments. Consolidated net cash from investing activities was:  $(636) million in 2024 and  $(508) million in 2023. COMPARING 2024 WITH 2023 Net cash from investing activities decreased by $128 million, primarily due to:  a $166 million decrease in proceeds from the sale of timberlands and  an $18 million increase in cash spent on the acquisition of timberlands. These changes were partially offset by a $26 million decrease in capital expenditures for property and equipment. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 52 Table of Contents Summary of Capital Spending by Business Segment DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS 2024 2023 Timberlands $ 105 $ 111 Wood Products 294 323 Unallocated Items 17 13 Total $ 416 $ 447 During fourth quarter 2024, we announced our plan to invest approximately $500 million to build a new TimberStrand ® facility in Monticello, Arkansas. This capital outlay may be sourced from cash on hand or through future financing, as deemed appropriate. Construction is expected to start in 2025, with the goal of starting operations in 2027. Once completed, the new facility will increase our engineered wood products capacity by approximately 10 million cubic feet. We expect our capital expenditures for 2025 to be approximately $440 million, excluding the investment in our Monticello engineered wood products facility. We plan to exclude the investment for purposes of calculating our annual Adjusted Funds Available for Distribution (Adjusted FAD), as used in our flexible cash return framework. The amount we spend on capital expenditures could change due to:  future economic conditions,  environmental regulations,  changes in the composition of our business,  weather,  timing of equipment purchases and  capital needs related to other business opportunities. FINANCING Cash from financing activities includes items such as:  issuances and payments of debt and  payments for cash dividends and repurchasing stock. Consolidated net cash from financing activities was:  $(852) million in 2024 and  $(1,342) million in 2023 . COMPARING 2024 WITH 2023 Net cash from financing activities increased by $490 million, primarily due to:  a $978 million decrease in payments on long-term debt and  a $532 million decrease in cash paid for dividends. These changes were partially offset by a $992 million decrease in net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt and a $23 million increase in cash used for repurchases of common stock. LONG-TERM DEBT Our consolidated long-term debt (including current portion) was:  $5,076 million as of December 31, 2024 and  $5,069 million as of December 31, 2023. The $7 million increase in our long-term debt during 2024 is attributable to amortization of debt discounts and capitalized debt expenses. The weighted average interest rate and the weighted average maturity on our long-term debt as of December 31, 2024 were 5.30 percent and 6.6 years, respectively. In January 2025, we repaid our $139 million 8.50 percent debentures at maturity. We have $71 million of 7.95 percent debentures scheduled to mature in first quarter 2025. See Note 11: Long-Term Debt, Net for more information. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 53 Table of Contents LINE OF CREDIT We had no outstanding borrowings on our $1.5 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2024 or December 31, 2023. This credit facility expires in March 2028. Refer to Note 10: Line of Credit for further information. Our Covenants Our key covenants include the requirement to maintain:  a minimum total adjusted shareholders' equity of $3.0 billion and  a defined debt-to-total-capital ratio of 65 percent or less. Our total adjusted shareholders' equity is comprised of:  total shareholders’ equity,  excluding accumulated other comprehensive loss,  minus our investment in our unrestricted subsidiaries. Our capitalization is comprised of:  total debt,  plus total adjusted shareholders' equity. As of December 31, 2024, we had:  total adjusted shareholders' equity of $10.1 billion and  a defined debt-to-total-capital ratio of 33.4 percent. When calculating compliance in accordance with financial debt covenants as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we excluded the full amount of accumulated other comprehensive loss of $402 million and $293 million, respectively. See Note 14: Shareholders’ Interest for further information on accumulated other comprehensive loss. There are no other significant financial debt covenants related to our third-party debt. CREDIT RATINGS As of December 31, 2024, our long-term issuer credit rating was BBB and Baa2 from S&P and Moody’s, respectively. DIVIDENDS We paid cash dividends on common shares of:  $684 million in 2024 and  $1,216 million in 2023. The decrease in dividends paid is primarily due to a supplemental dividend of $0.14 per share based on 2023 financial results for a total of $102 million paid in first quarter 2024 in comparison to a supplemental dividend of $0.90 per share based on 2022 financial results for a total of $660 million paid in first quarter 2023. Under our cash return framework, we plan to supplement our base dividend with an additional return of variable cash, as appropriate, in the form of a supplemental cash dividend and/or share repurchase to achieve our targeted total return to shareholders of 75 to 80 percent of annual Adjusted Funds Available for Distribution (Adjusted FAD). For further information on Adjusted FAD see Performance and Liquidity Measures . SHARE REPURCHASES We repurchased 4.9 million common shares for approximately $153 million (including transaction fees) during the year ended December 31, 2024. We repurchased 4.1 million common shares for approximately $125 million (including transaction fees) in 2023. As of December 31, 2024, we had remaining authorization of $99 million for future share repurchases. For further information on share repurchases see Note 14: Shareholders’ Interest . OUR CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS More details about our contractual obligations and commercial commitments are in Note 8: Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans , Note 10: Line of Credit , Note 11: Long-Term Debt, Net , Note 13: Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies , Note 16: Leases and Note 18: Income Taxes . WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 54 Table of Contents Significant Contractual Obligations as of December 31, 2024 Significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2024 include our long-term debt obligations and lease obligations. Refer to Note 11: Long-Term Debt, Net and Note 16: Leases , respectively, for further information. Additional significant contractual obligations are included below. DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS PAYMENTS DUE BY PERIOD LESS THAN 1–3 3–5 MORE THAN TOTAL 1 YEAR YEARS YEARS 5 YEARS Interest (1) $ 1,703 $ 264 $ 431 $ 337 $ 671 Purchase obligations (2) $ 624 $ 219 $ 272 $ 70 $ 63 Employee-related obligations (3) $ 263 $ 114 $ 20 $ 17 $ 40 (1) Amounts presented for interest payments assume that all long-term debt obligations outstanding as of December 31, 2024 will remain outstanding until maturity. (2) Purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the company and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations exclude arrangements that the company can cancel without penalty. (3) The timing of certain payments within this category will be triggered by retirements or other events. These payments can include workers compensation, deferred compensation and banked vacation, among other obligations. When the timing of payment is uncertain, the amounts are included in the total column only. Minimum pension funding is required by established funding standards and estimates are not made for 2026 onward. Estimated payments of contractually obligated post-employment benefits are not included due to the uncertainty of payment timing. OFF-BALANCE SHE ET ARRANGEMENTS Off-balance sheet arrangements have not had — and are not reasonably likely to have — a material effect on our current or future financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Note 10: Line of Credit contains our disclosures of surety bonds and letters of credit. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS, LEGAL PROC EEDINGS AND OTHER CONTINGENCIES See Note 13: Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies . ACCOUNTIN G MATTERS CRIT ICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES In the preparation of our financial statements we follow established accounting policies and make estimates that affect both the amounts and timing of the recording of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We base our judgments and estimates on historical experience and assumptions we believe are appropriate and reasonable under current circumstances. Actual results, however, could differ materially from the estimated amounts we have recorded. Some of these estimates require judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Accounting policies whose application involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and may have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition are considered critical accounting estimates. DISCOUNT RATES FOR PENSION AND POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS Discount rates are used to estimate the net present value of our pension and other post-employment plan obligations. These rates are determined at the measurement date by matching current spot rates of high-quality corporate bonds with maturities similar to the timing of expected cash outflows for benefits. The selection of discount rates requires judgment as well as the involvement of actuarial specialists. These specialists assist with selecting yield curves based on published indices for high-quality corporate bonds and projecting the timing and amount of cash flows associated with our obligations to ultimately support our determination of an appropriate discount rate for each plan. Our discount rates as of December 31, 2024 are:  5.7 percent for our U.S. pension plans — compared with 5.2 percent at December 31, 2023;  5.5 percent for our U.S. post-employment benefit plans — compared with 5.1 percent at December 31, 2023;  4.7 percent for our Canadian pension plans — compared with 4.7 percent at December 31, 2023 and  4.5 percent for our Canadian post-employment benefit plans — compared with 4.6 percent at December 31, 2023. Pension expenses for 2025 will be based on the 5.7 percent and 4.7 percent assumed discount rates for the U.S. pension plans and the Canadian pension plans, respectively, and the 5.5 percent and 4.5 percent assumed discount rates for the U.S. and Canadian post-employment benefit plans, respectively. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 55 Table of Contents Our discount rates are important in determining the cost of our plans. A 50 basis point decrease in our discount rate would increase expense or reduce a credit by approximately:  $10 million for our U.S. qualified pension plans and  $2 million for our Canadian registered pension plans. Details about our other significant accounting policies are in Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . PROSPECTIVE ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS A summary of prospective accounting pronouncements is in Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . PERFORMANC E AND LIQUIDITY MEASURES We use Adjusted EBITDA as a key performance measure to evaluate the performance of the consolidated company and our business segments. This measure should not be considered in isolation from, and is not intended to represent an alternative to, our results reported in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). However, we believe Adjusted EBITDA provides meaningful supplemental information for our investors about our operating performance, better facilitates period to period comparisons and is widely used by analysts, lenders, rating agencies and other interested parties. Our definition of Adjusted EBITDA may be different from similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Adjusted EBITDA, as we define it, is operating income adjusted for depreciation, depletion, amortization, basis of real estate sold and special items. Adjusted EBITDA by Segment DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS 2024 2023 Timberlands $ 539 $ 646 Real Estate & ENR 349 320 Wood Products 661 905 Unallocated Items (257 ) (177 ) Total $ 1,292 $ 1,694 We reconcile Adjusted EBITDA to net earnings for the consolidated company and to operating income (loss) for the business segments, as those are the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures for each. The table below reconciles Adjusted EBITDA by segment to net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024: DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS REAL ESTATE WOOD UNALLOCATED TIMBERLANDS & ENR PRODUCTS ITEMS TOTAL Net earnings $ 396 Interest expense, net of capitalized interest 269 Income taxes 31 Net contribution (charge) to earnings $ 280 $ 216 $ 457 $ (257 ) $ 696 Non-operating pension and other post-employment benefit costs — — — 42 42 Interest income and other (1 ) — — (52 ) (53 ) Operating income (loss) 279 216 457 (267 ) 685 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 260 13 219 10 502 Basis of real estate sold — 120 — — 120 Special items included in operating income (loss) (1) — — (15 ) — (15 ) Adjusted EBITDA $ 539 $ 349 $ 661 $ (257 ) $ 1,292 (1) Operating income (loss) for Wood Products includes pretax special items consisting of a $25 million product remediation recovery and a $10 million noncash impairment charge related to the indefinite curtailment of our New Bern lumber mill. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 56 Table of Contents The table below reconciles Adjusted EBITDA by segment to net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2023: DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS REAL ESTATE WOOD UNALLOCATED TIMBERLANDS & ENR PRODUCTS ITEMS TOTAL Net earnings $ 839 Interest expense, net of capitalized interest 280 Income taxes 98 Net contribution (charge) to earnings $ 488 $ 211 $ 709 $ (191 ) $ 1,217 Non-operating pension and other post-employment benefit costs — — — 45 45 Interest income and other — — — (76 ) (76 ) Operating income (loss) 488 211 709 (222 ) 1,186 Depreciation, depletion and amortization 267 16 210 7 500 Basis of real estate sold — 93 — — 93 Special items included in operating income (loss) (1)(2)(3) (109 ) — (14 ) 38 (85 ) Adjusted EBITDA $ 646 $ 320 $ 905 $ (177 ) $ 1,694 (1) Operating income (loss) for Timberlands includes pretax special items consisting of an $84 million gain on the sale of timberlands and a $25 million legal benefit. (2) Operating income (loss) for Wood Products includes a pretax special item consisting of a $14 million insurance recovery. (3) Operating income (loss) for Unallocated Items includes pretax special items consisting of an $11 million noncash environmental remediation charge and $27 million of legal expense. Net Earnings and Net Earnings per Diluted Share Before Special Items (Income Tax Affected) We reconcile net earnings before special items to net earnings and net earnings per diluted share before special items to net earnings per diluted share, as those are the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures. We believe the measures provide meaningful supplemental information for investors about our operating performance, better facilitate period to period comparisons, and are widely used by analysts, lenders, rating agencies and other interested parties. The table below reconciles net earnings before special items to net earnings: DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS 2024 2023 Net earnings $ 396 $ 839 Environmental remediation charge — 8 Gain on sale of timberlands — (83 ) Insurance recovery — (10 ) Legal benefit — (25 ) Legal expense — 20 Product remediation recovery (19 ) — Restructuring, impairments and other charges 7 — Net earnings before special items $ 384 $ 749 WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 57 Table of Contents The table below reconciles net earnings per diluted share before special items to net earnings per diluted share: AMOUNTS PER SHARE 2024 2023 Net earnings per diluted share $ 0.54 $ 1.15 Environmental remediation charge — 0.01 Gain on sale of timberlands — (0.12 ) Insurance recovery — (0.01 ) Legal benefit — (0.03 ) Legal expense — 0.02 Product remediation recovery (0.02 ) — Restructuring, impairments and other charges 0.01 — Net earnings per diluted share before special items $ 0.53 $ 1.02 Adjusted FAD We use Adjusted Funds Available for Distribution (Adjusted FAD) to evaluate the company’s liquidity and measure cash generated during the period (net of capital expenditures and significant nonrecurring items) that is available for dividends, repurchases of common shares, debt reduction, acquisitions, and other discretionary and nondiscretionary capital allocation activities. Adjusted FAD should not be considered in isolation from, and is not intended to represent an alternative to, results reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, we believe the measure provides meaningful supplemental information for our investors about our liquidity. Adjusted FAD, as we define it, is net cash from operations adjusted for capital expenditures and significant non-recurring items. Our definition of Adjusted FAD may be different from similarly titled measures reported by other companies, including those in our industry. We reconcile Adjusted FAD to net cash from operations, as that is the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure. The table below reconciles Adjusted FAD to net cash from operations: DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS 2024 2023 Net cash from operations $ 1,008 $ 1,433 Capital expenditures (416 ) (447 ) FAD $ 592 $ 986 Cash from product remediation recovery (25 ) — Adjusted FAD $ 567 $ 986 Net cash from investing activities $ (636 ) $ (508 ) Net cash from financing activities $ (852 ) $ (1,342 ) WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 58 Table of Contents QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE D ISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK LONG-TERM DEBT OBLIGATIONS The following summary of our long-term debt obligations includes:  scheduled principal repayments for the next five years and after;  weighted average interest rates for debt maturing in each of the next five years and after and  estimated fair values of outstanding obligations. We estimate the fair value of long-term debt based on quoted market prices we receive for the same types and issues of our debt or on the discounted value of the future cash flows using market yields for the same type and comparable issues of debt. Changes in market rates of interest affect the fair value of our fixed-rate debt. SUMMARY OF LONG-TERM DEBT OBLIGATIONS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024 DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 THEREAFTER TOTAL (1) FAIR VALUE Fixed-rate debt $ 210 $ 1,022 $ 300 $ — $ 750 $ 2,583 $ 4,865 $ 4,757 Average interest rate 8.31 % 5.52 % 6.95 % — % 4.00 % 5.06 % 5.25 % N/A Variable-rate debt (2) $ — $ — $ — $ 250 $ — $ — $ 250 $ 250 (1) Excludes $39 million of unamortized discounts and capitalized debt expense. (2) As of December 31, 2024, the interest rate for our variable-rate debt was 6.31%, excluding estimated patronage refunds. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 59 Table of Contents FINANCIAL STATEMENTS A ND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA REPORT OF IN DEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Weyerhaeuser Company: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Weyerhaeuser Company and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 14, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Projected benefit obligations for pensions As discussed in Notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's projected benefit obligations for pension plans were $2,234 million as of December 31, 2024, which included the projected benefit obligation for the U.S. qualified pension plans. The Company estimates the liability related to their pension plans using actuarial models that include assumptions about the Company’s discount rates. We identified the evaluation of the Company’s projected benefit obligation for the U.S. qualified pension plans as a critical audit matter. This is due to the sensitivity of the obligation to changes in the discount rate used and the subjectivity in evaluating the rate. Additionally, the assessment of the discount rate required specialized actuarial skills and knowledge. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the U.S. qualified pension obligation process. This included controls related to the actuarial determination of the discount rate used in the valuation of the projected benefit obligation for the U.S. qualified pension plans. These procedures also included analyzing year-over-year changes to the projected cash flows associated with the obligation. Additionally, we involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in the evaluation of the Company’s discount rate by: • evaluating the selected yield curve used to determine the discount rate • assessing changes in the discount rate from the prior year against changes in published indices • evaluating the discount rate based on the projected cash flows compared with those of similar plans. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002. Seattle, Washington February 14, 2025 WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 60 Table of Contents CO NSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER-SHARE FIGURES 2024 2023 2022 Net sales (Note 3) $ 7,124 $ 7,674 $ 10,184 Costs of sales 5,811 5,992 6,564 Gross margin 1,313 1,682 3,620 Selling expenses 88 87 93 General and administrative expenses 480 431 398 Gain on sale of timberlands (Note 4) — ( 84 ) — Other operating costs, net (Note 17) 60 62 49 Operating income 685 1,186 3,080 Non-operating pension and other post-employment benefit costs (Note 8) ( 42 ) ( 45 ) ( 254 ) Interest income and other 53 76 25 Interest expense, net of capitalized interest ( 269 ) ( 280 ) ( 270 ) Loss on debt extinguishment (Note 11) — — ( 276 ) Earnings before income taxes 427 937 2,305 Income taxes (Note 18) ( 31 ) ( 98 ) ( 425 ) Net earnings $ 396 $ 839 $ 1,880 Basic and diluted earnings per share (Note 5): $ 0.54 $ 1.15 $ 2.53 Weighted average shares outstanding (in thousands) (Note 5): Basic 728,398 731,654 741,904 Diluted 728,957 732,222 742,953 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 61 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT O F COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS 2024 2023 2022 Comprehensive income: Net earnings $ 396 $ 839 $ 1,880 Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency translation adjustments ( 40 ) 7 ( 52 ) Changes in unamortized actuarial loss, net of tax benefit (expense) of $ 20 in 2024, $ 17 in 2023 and $( 95 ) in 2022 ( 69 ) ( 51 ) 284 Changes in unamortized net prior service credit, net of tax (expense) benefit of $( 1 ) in 2024, $ 2 in 2023 and $( 2 ) in 2022 — ( 2 ) — Total comprehensive income $ 287 $ 793 $ 2,112 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 62 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEET DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PAR VALUE December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 684 $ 1,164 Receivables, net 306 354 Receivables for taxes 9 10 Inventories (Note 6) 607 566 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 142 219 Total current assets 1,748 2,313 Property and equipment, net (Note 7) 2,329 2,269 Construction in progress 287 270 Timber and timberlands at cost, less depletion 11,551 11,528 Minerals and mineral rights, less depletion 189 200 Deferred tax assets (Note 18) 24 15 Other assets 408 388 Total assets $ 16,536 $ 16,983 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt (Notes 11 and 12) $ 210 $ — Accounts payable 255 287 Accrued liabilities (Note 9) 512 501 Total current liabilities 977 788 Long-term debt, net (Notes 11 and 12) 4,866 5,069 Deferred tax liabilities (Note 18) 26 81 Deferred pension and other post-employment benefits (Note 8) 596 461 Other liabilities 350 348 Total liabilities 6,815 6,747 Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Equity: Weyerhaeuser shareholders’ interest (Notes 14 and 15): Common shares: $ 1.25 par value; authorized 1,360 million shares; issued and outstanding: 725,845 thousand shares at December 31, 2024 and 729,753 thousand shares at December 31, 2023 908 912 Other capital 7,500 7,608 Retained earnings 1,715 2,009 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (Note 14) ( 402 ) ( 293 ) Total equity 9,721 10,236 Total liabilities and equity $ 16,536 $ 16,983 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 63 Table of Contents c CONSOLIDATED STATE MENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS 2024 2023 2022 Cash flows from operations: Net earnings $ 396 $ 839 $ 1,880 Noncash charges (credits) to earnings: Depreciation, depletion and amortization 502 500 480 Basis of real estate sold 120 93 84 Deferred income taxes, net (Note 18) ( 40 ) ( 4 ) ( 30 ) Pension and other post-employment benefits (Note 8) 63 68 290 Share-based compensation expense (Note 15) 43 36 33 Net gains on sale of timberlands (Note 4) — ( 84 ) — Loss on debt extinguishment (Note 11) — — 276 Other 2 ( 2 ) — Change in: Receivables, net 45 4 149 Receivables and payables for taxes 14 41 ( 101 ) Inventories ( 55 ) ( 13 ) ( 37 ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets 19 ( 13 ) ( 12 ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ( 38 ) 35 ( 111 ) Pension and post-employment benefit contributions and payments ( 18 ) ( 20 ) ( 24 ) Other ( 45 ) ( 47 ) ( 45 ) Net cash from operations 1,008 1,433 2,832 Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures for property and equipment ( 364 ) ( 390 ) ( 415 ) Capital expenditures for timberlands reforestation ( 52 ) ( 57 ) ( 53 ) Acquisition of timberlands (Note 4) ( 251 ) ( 233 ) ( 295 ) Proceeds from sale of timberlands (Note 4) — 166 — Purchase of short-term investments — ( 664 ) — Maturities of short-term investments — 664 — Other 31 6 4 Net cash from investing activities ( 636 ) ( 508 ) ( 759 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Cash dividends on common shares ( 684 ) ( 1,216 ) ( 1,617 ) Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt (Note 11) — 992 881 Payments on long-term debt (Note 11) — ( 978 ) ( 1,203 ) Repurchases of common shares (Note 14) ( 154 ) ( 131 ) ( 543 ) Other ( 14 ) ( 9 ) ( 9 ) Net cash from financing activities ( 852 ) ( 1,342 ) ( 2,491 ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ ( 480 ) $ ( 417 ) $ ( 418 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year $ 1,164 $ 1,581 $ 1,999 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year $ 684 $ 1,164 $ 1,581 Cash paid during the year for: Interest, net of amounts capitalized of $ 10 in 2024, $ 7 in 2023 and $ 6 in 2022 $ 259 $ 283 $ 283 Income taxes, net of refunds $ 60 $ 63 $ 566 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 64 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE THREE-YEAR PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER-SHARE FIGURES 2024 2023 2022 Common shares: Balance at beginning of year $ 912 $ 916 $ 934 Issued for exercise of stock options and vested units 2 1 2 Repurchases of common shares (Note 14) ( 6 ) ( 5 ) ( 20 ) Balance at end of year 908 912 916 Other capital: Balance at beginning of year 7,608 7,691 8,181 Issued for exercise of stock options 4 7 15 Repurchases of common shares (Note 14) ( 147 ) ( 120 ) ( 530 ) Share-based compensation 43 36 33 Other transactions, net ( 8 ) ( 6 ) ( 8 ) Balance at end of year 7,500 7,608 7,691 Retained earnings: Balance at beginning of year 2,009 2,389 2,131 Net earnings 396 839 1,880 Dividends on common shares ( 690 ) ( 1,219 ) ( 1,622 ) Balance at end of year 1,715 2,009 2,389 Accumulated other comprehensive loss: Balance at beginning of year ( 293 ) ( 247 ) ( 479 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ( 109 ) ( 46 ) 232 Balance at end of year ( 402 ) ( 293 ) ( 247 ) Total equity: Balance at end of year $ 9,721 $ 10,236 $ 10,749 Dividends paid per common share $ 0.94 $ 1.66 $ 2.17 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 65 Table of Contents INDEX FOR NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 67 NOTE 2: BUSINESS SEGMENTS 73 NOTE 3: REVENUE RECOGNITION 74 NOTE 4: TIMBERLAND ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES 77 NOTE 5: NET EARNINGS PER SHARE 77 NOTE 6: INVENTORIES 78 NOTE 7: PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 79 NOTE 8: PENSION AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS 79 NOTE 9: ACCRUED LIABILITIES 85 NOTE 10: LINE OF CREDIT 85 NOTE 11: LONG-TERM DEBT, NET 86 NOTE 12: FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 88 NOTE 13: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 88 NOTE 14: SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST 89 NOTE 15: SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 91 NOTE 16: LEASES 95 NOTE 17: OTHER OPERATING COSTS, NET 97 NOTE 18: INCOME TAXES 97 NOTE 19: GEOGRAPHIC AREAS 100 WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 66 Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Our significant accounting policies describe: • our election to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, • how we report our results, • changes in how we report our results and • how we account for certain key items. REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST (REIT) We are organized as a REIT. Our holding company and two subsidiaries, which collectively hold most of the timberland assets related to our Timberlands segment, each operate as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. We also own Taxable REIT Subsidiaries (TRSs), which collectively hold the assets relating to our Wood Products segment and portions of our Timberlands and Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources (Real Estate & ENR) segments. REIT income can be distributed to shareholders without first paying corporate level tax, which substantially eliminates the double taxation of income. We expect to derive most of our REIT income from investments in timberlands, including the sale of standing timber through pay-as-cut sales contracts and lump sum timber deeds. We continue to be required to pay federal corporate income taxes on earnings of our TRSs. HOW WE REPORT OUR RESULTS Our report includes: • consolidated financial statements, • our business segments, • estimates, • fair value measurements and • foreign currency translation. Consolidated Financial Statements Our consolidated financial statements provide an overall view of our results and financial condition. They include our accounts and the accounts of entities that we control, including majority-owned domestic and foreign subsidiaries. They do not include our intercompany transactions and accounts, which are eliminated. Throughout these Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , unless specified otherwise, references to “Weyerhaeuser,” "the company," “we” and “our” refer to the consolidated company. Our Business Segments Reportable business segments are determined based on the company’s "management approach," as defined by Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 280, Segment Reporting . The management approach is based on the way the chief operating decision maker organizes the segments within a company for making decisions about resources to be allocated and assessing their performance. We are principally engaged in: • growing and harvesting timber; • maximizing the value of our acreage through the sale of higher and better use (HBU) properties and monetizing the value of surface and subsurface assets through leases and royalties and • manufacturing, distributing and selling products made from trees. Our business segments are organized based primarily on products and services. SEGMENT PRODUCTS AND SERVICES Timberlands Logs, timber, recreational leases and other products. Real Estate & ENR Real Estate (sales of timberlands) and ENR (rights to explore for and extract hard minerals, construction materials, natural gas production, wind and solar). Wood Products Structural lumber, oriented strand board, engineered wood products and building materials distribution. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 67 Table of Contents We also transfer raw materials, semi-finished materials and end products among our business segments. Because of this intracompany activity, accounting for our business segments involves pricing products transferred between our business segments at current market values. Unallocated items are gains or charges not related to, or allocated to, an individual operating segment. They include all or a portion of items such as share-based compensation, pension and post-employment costs, elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO, foreign exchange transaction gains and losses, interest income and other. Estimates We prepare our financial statements according to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). This requires us to make estimates and assumptions during our reporting periods and at the date of our financial statements. The estimates and assumptions affect our: • reported amounts of assets, liabilities and equity; • disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and • reported amounts of revenues and expenses. While we believe the assumptions used in preparing these estimates are appropriate and reasonable, actual results can and do differ from those estimates and assumptions. Fair Value Measurements We use a fair value hierarchy in accounting for certain nonfinancial assets and liabilities including: • long-lived assets (asset groups) measured at fair value for an impairment assessment; • pension plan assets measured at fair value and • asset retirement obligations initially measured at fair value. The fair value hierarchy is based on inputs to valuation techniques that are used to measure fair value that are either observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect a reporting entity’s pricing based upon its own market assumptions. The fair value hierarchy consists of the following three levels: • Level 1: Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in an active market. • Level 2: Inputs are quoted prices in non-active markets for which pricing inputs are observable either directly or indirectly at the reporting date. • Level 3: Inputs are derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or value drivers are unobservable. Foreign Currency Translation We translate foreign currencies into U.S. dollars in two ways: • assets and liabilities — at the exchange rates in effect as of our balance sheet date and • revenues and expenses — at average monthly exchange rates throughout the year. CHANGES IN HOW WE REPORT OUR RESULTS Changes in how we report our results come from: • reclassification of certain balances and results from prior years to make them consistent with our current reporting and • accounting changes made upon our adoption of new accounting guidance. Reclassifications We have reclassified certain balances and results from prior years to be consistent with our 2024 reporting. This makes balances comparable from year to year. Our reclassifications had no effect on consolidated net earnings or equity. HOW WE ACCOUNT FOR CERTAIN KEY ITEMS This section provides information about how we account for certain key items related to: • capital investments, • financing our business and • our operations. ITEMS RELATED TO CAPITAL INVESTMENTS Key items related to accounting for capital investments pertain to property and equipment, timber and timberlands and impairment of long-lived assets. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 68 Table of Contents Property and Equipment We maintain property accounts on an individual asset basis and account for them as follows: • Improvements to and replacements of major units of property are capitalized. • Maintenance, repairs and minor replacements are expensed. • Depreciation is calculated using a straight-line method at rates based on estimated service lives. • Costs associated with logging roads that we intend to utilize for a period longer than one year are capitalized. These roads are then amortized over an estimated service life. • Cost and accumulated depreciation of property sold or retired are removed from the accounts and the gain or loss is included in earnings. Timber and Timberlands We carry timber and timberlands at cost less depletion. Depletion refers to the carrying value of timber that is harvested or sold. Key activities affecting how we account for timber and timberlands include: • reforestation, • depletion and • forest management in Canada. Reforestation. Generally, we capitalize initial site preparation and planting costs as reforestation and then expense costs after the first planting as they are incurred or over the period of expected benefit. These expensed costs include: • fertilization, • vegetation and insect control, • pruning and precommercial thinning and • property taxes. Accounting practices for these costs do not change when timber becomes merchantable and harvesting starts. Timber Depletion. To determine depletion rates, we divide the net carrying value of timber by the related volume of timber estimated to be available over the growth cycle. To determine the growth cycle volume of timber, we consider: • regulatory and environmental constraints, • our management strategies, • inventory data improvements, • growth rate revisions and recalibrations and • known dispositions and inoperable acres. In addition, the duration of the harvest cycle varies by geographic region and species of timber. Depletion rate calculations do not include estimates for: • future silviculture or sustainable forest management costs associated with existing stands; • future reforestation costs associated with a stand's final harvest and • future volume in connection with the replanting of a stand subsequent to its final harvest. We include the cost of timber harvested in the carrying values of raw materials and product inventories. As these inventories are sold to third parties, we include them in costs of sales. Forest Management in Canada. We manage timberlands under long-term licenses in various Canadian provinces that are: • granted by the provincial governments; • granted for initial periods of 15 to 25 years and • renewable provided we meet reforestation, operating and management guidelines. Calculation of the fees we pay on the timber we harvest: • varies from province to province, • is tied to product market pricing and • depends upon the allocation of land management responsibilities in the license. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 69 Table of Contents Impairment of Long-Lived Assets We review the carrying value of long-lived assets whenever an event or a change in circumstance indicates that the carrying value of the asset or asset group may not be recoverable through future operations. The carrying value is the original cost, less accumulated depreciation and any past impairments recorded. If we evaluate recoverability, we are required to estimate future cash flows and residual values of the asset or asset group. Key assumptions used in developing estimates of future cash flows and residual values could include probability of alternative outcomes, product pricing, raw material cost and product sales. An impairment occurs when the carrying value of a long-lived asset is greater than the amount that could be recovered from the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of the asset and greater than fair market value (the amount we could receive if we were to sell the asset). Impaired assets held for use are written down to fair value, while impaired assets held for sale are written down to fair value less cost to sell. We determine fair value based on: • appraisals, • market pricing of comparable assets, • discounted value of estimated future cash flows from the asset, • replacement values of comparable assets and • agreed upon sale price or offer price. Key assumptions used in developing estimates of fair value would include the estimated future cash flows used to assess recoverability, discount rates and probability of alternative outcomes. ITEMS RELATED TO FINANCING OUR BUSINESS Key items related to financing our business include financial instruments, cash equivalents and concentration of risk. Financial Instruments We estimate the fair value of financial instruments where appropriate. The assumptions we use — including the discount rate and estimates of cash flows — can significantly affect the fair value. These values are estimates and may not match the amounts we would realize upon sale or settlement of our financial positions. Cash Equivalents Cash equivalents are investments with maturities of 90 days or less at the date of purchase. We state cash equivalents at cost, which approximates market. Concentration of Risk We disclose customers that represent a concentration of risk. As of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, no c ustomer accounted for 10 percent or more of our net sales. ITEMS RELATED TO OPERATIONS Key items related to operations include revenue recognition, inventories, shipping and handling costs, income taxes, pension and other post-employment benefit plans and contingent liabilities. Revenue Recognition Refer to Note 3: Revenue Recognition for details on how we account for revenue. Inventories We state inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost includes labor, materials and production overhead. LIFO applies to major inventory products held at our U.S. domestic locations. We began to use the LIFO method for domestic products in the 1940s as required to conform with the tax method elected. Subsequent acquisitions of entities added new products under the moving average cost or FIFO — the first-in, first-out — methods and those products continue to be recognized under those methods. The moving average cost or FIFO method applies to the balance of our domestic raw material and product inventories, all material and supply inventories and all foreign inventories. Shipping and Handling Costs We classify shipping and handling costs in "Costs of sales" in our Consolidated Statement of Operations . Income Taxes We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Unrecognized tax benefits represent potential future funding obligations to taxing authorities if uncertain tax positions we have taken on previously filed tax returns are not sustained. Accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as a component of income tax expense. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 70 Table of Contents We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities to reflect: • future tax consequences due to differences between the carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes and the tax bases of certain items and • net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. To measure deferred tax assets and liabilities, we: • determine when the differences between carrying amounts and tax bases of affected items are expected to be recovered or resolved and • use enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in those years. Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans We recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of our defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefit plans on our Consolidated Balance Sheet and recognize changes in the funded status through comprehensive income (loss) in the year in which the changes occur. Actuarial valuations determine the amount of the pension and other post-employment benefit obligations and the net periodic benefit cost we recognize. The net periodic benefit cost includes: • cost of benefits provided in exchange for employees’ services rendered during the year; • interest cost of the obligations; • expected long-term return on plan assets; • gains or losses on plan settlements and curtailments; • amortization of prior service costs and plan amendments over the average remaining service period of the active employee group covered by the plans or the average remaining life expectancy in situations where the participants affected by the plan amendment are inactive and • amortization of cumulative unrecognized net actuarial gains and losses — generally in excess of 10 percent of the greater of the benefit obligation or the combination of market-related and fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year — over the average remaining service period of the active employee group covered by the plans or the average remaining life expectancy in situations where the plan participants are inactive. Pension plans. We have defined benefit pension plans covering appro ximately 35 percent of ou r employees. Determination of benefits differs for salaried, hourly and union employees as follows: • Salaried employee benefits are based on each employee’s highest monthly earnings for five consecutive years during the final 10 years before retirement. • Hourly and union employee benefits generally are stated amounts for each year of service. • Union employee benefits are set through collective-bargaining agreements. We contribute to our U.S. and Canadian pension plans according to established funding standards. The funding standards for the plans are: • U.S. pension plans — according to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and • Canadian pension plans — according to the applicable provincial pension act and the Income Tax Act. Post-employment benefits other than pensions. We provide certain post-employment healthcare and life insurance benefits for some retired employees. In some cases, we pay a portion of the cost of the benefit. Note 8: Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans provides additional information about our post-employment benefit plans. Estimates for pension and other post-employment benefit plans. Estimates we use in accounting for our pension and other post-employment benefit plans include the: • fair value of our plan assets; • expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and • discount rates. At the end of every year, we review our estimates with external advisers and make adjustments as appropriate. We use these estimates to calculate plan asset and liability information as of year-end as well as pension and post-employment expense for the following year. Actual experience that differs from our estimates and subsequent changes in our estimates could have a significant effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Fair value of plan assets. Plan assets are assets of the pension plan trusts that fund the benefits provided under the pension plans. The fair value of our plan assets estimates the amount that would be received if we were to sell each asset in an orderly transaction between market participants at the reporting date. We estimate the fair value of these assets based on the information available during the year-end reporting process. Refer to Note 8: Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans for information about the assets held within our pension plans and their related valuation methods. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 71 Table of Contents Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. Our expected long-term rate of return is our estimate of the return that our plan assets will earn over time. This rate is used in determining the net periodic benefit or cost we recognize for our plans. Factors we consider in determining our expected long-term rate of return include: • historical returns for a portfolio of assets similar to our expected allocation and • expected future performance of similar asset classes. The actual return on plan assets in any given year may vary from our expected long-term rate of return. Actual returns on plan assets affect the funded status of the plans. Differences between actual returns on plan assets and the expected long-term rate of return are reflected as adjustments to accumulated other comprehensive loss, a component of total equity. Discount rates. Discount rates are used to estimate the net present value of our plan obligations. The discount rates are determined at the measurement date by matching current spot rates of high-quality corporate bonds with maturities similar to the timing of expected cash outflows for benefits. Contingent Liabilities We are subject to lawsuits, investigations and other claims related to environmental remediation, product and other matters, and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters, as well as the amount or range of potential loss. We record contingent liabilities when: • it becomes probable that a loss has been incurred and • the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Assessing probability of loss and estimating the amount of loss can require analysis of multiple factors, such as: • historical experience, • evaluations of relevant legal and environmental authorities and regulations, • judgments about the potential actions of third-party claimants and courts and • consideration of potential environmental remediation methods. In addition to contingent liabilities recorded for probable losses, we disclose contingent liabilities when there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may have been incurred. Recorded contingent liabilities are based on the best information available and actual losses in any future period are inherently uncertain. Future expenditures for environmental remediation obligations are not discounted to their present value. If estimated probable future losses or actual losses exceed our recorded liability for such claims, we record additional charges. These exposures and proceedings can be significant and the ultimate outcomes could be material to our operating results or cash flows in any given period. Recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties are recorded as assets when the recovery is deemed probable and does not exceed the amount of losses previously recorded. See Note 13: Legal Proceedings, Commitments and Contingencies for more information. NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS Segment Reporting In 2024 , we adopted the FASB Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07 ,"Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures", which expands annual and interim disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The adoption of this standard did no t impact our Consolidated Statement of Operations , Consolidated Balance Sheet or Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows . The expanded segment disclosures are incorporated in Note 2: Business Segments . Income Taxes In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures”, which expands annual income tax disclosures to disaggregate rate reconciliations and income taxes paid by nature and jurisdiction. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. ASU 2023-09 should be applied on a prospective basis, however, retrospective application is permitted. The adoption of the new guidance will not impact our Consolidated Statement of Operations , Consolidated Balance Sheet or Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows . We plan to incorporate these expanded disclosures beginning in fourth quarter 2025. Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, "Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses", which expands annual and interim disclosure requirements for certain income statement expenses. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of the new guidance will not impact our Consolidated Statement of Operations , Consolidated Balance Sheet or Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows . We plan to incorporate these expanded disclosures beginning in fourth quarter 2027. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 72 Table of Contents NOTE 2: BUSINESS SEGMENTS Our business segments and how we account for those segments are discussed in Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . This note provides key financial data by business segment and information about our chief operating decision maker. KEY FINANCIAL DATA BY BUSINESS SEGMENT Sales, Significant Segment Expenses and Net Contribution (Charge) to Earnings DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS UNALLOCATED REAL ITEMS AND ESTATE WOOD INTERSEGMENT TIMBERLANDS & ENR PRODUCTS ELIMINATIONS CONSOLIDATED 2024 Net sales to unaffiliated customers $ 1,512 $ 391 $ 5,221 $ — $ 7,124 Intersegment sales 554 — — ( 554 ) — Total 2,066 391 5,221 ( 554 ) 7,124 Costs of sales 1,686 152 4,516 ( 543 ) 5,811 Gross margin 380 239 705 ( 11 ) 1,313 Selling expenses 1 — 85 2 88 General and administrative expenses 100 26 155 199 480 Other segment items (1) ( 1 ) ( 3 ) 8 45 49 Net contribution (charge) to earnings $ 280 $ 216 $ 457 $ ( 257 ) $ 696 2023 Net sales to unaffiliated customers $ 1,654 $ 363 $ 5,657 $ — $ 7,674 Intersegment sales 572 — — ( 572 ) — Total 2,226 363 5,657 ( 572 ) 7,674 Costs of sales 1,746 126 4,699 ( 579 ) 5,992 Gross margin 480 237 958 7 1,682 Selling expenses 1 — 84 2 87 General and administrative expenses 100 26 149 156 431 Other segment items (1) ( 109 ) — 16 40 ( 53 ) Net contribution (charge) to earnings $ 488 $ 211 $ 709 $ ( 191 ) $ 1,217 2022 Net sales to unaffiliated customers $ 1,858 $ 368 $ 7,958 $ — $ 10,184 Intersegment sales 561 — — ( 561 ) — Total 2,419 368 7,958 ( 561 ) 10,184 Costs of sales 1,796 113 5,166 ( 511 ) 6,564 Gross margin 623 255 2,792 ( 50 ) 3,620 Selling expenses 1 — 86 6 93 General and administrative expenses 98 27 142 131 398 Other segment items (1) ( 4 ) 10 28 244 278 Net contribution (charge) to earnings $ 528 $ 218 $ 2,536 $ ( 431 ) $ 2,851 (1) Other segment items for each reportable segment includes recurring and non-recurring income and expense items. For our Timberlands segment, this includes gains on timberland sales and legal benefits. For our Real Estate & ENR segment, this includes restructuring, impairments and other charges. For our Wood Products segment, this includes product remediation recoveries, insurance recoveries and restructuring, impairments and other charges. For Unallocated Items, this includes environmental remediation charges, litigation expense, non-operating pension and other post-employment benefit costs and interest income and other. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 73 Table of Contents The chief operating decision maker, our president and chief executive officer, evaluates segment performance and allocates capital based on the net contribution (charge) to earnings of the respective segments. This measure is used to monitor budget versus actual results and to benchmark performance against competitors, as well as to evaluate segment performance for capital allocation decisions. An analysis and reconciliation of our business segment information to the consolidated financial statements are included below: Reconciliation of Net Contribution to Earnings to Net Earnings DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS 2024 2023 2022 Net contribution to earnings $ 696 $ 1,217 $ 2,851 Interest expense, net of capitalized interest ( 269 ) ( 280 ) ( 270 ) Loss on debt extinguishment (Note 11) — — ( 276 ) Income before income taxes 427 937 2,305 Income taxes ( 31 ) ( 98 ) ( 425 ) Net earnings $ 396 $ 839 $ 1,880 Additional Financial Information DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS REAL ESTATE WOOD UNALLOCATED TIMBERLANDS & ENR PRODUCTS ITEMS CONSOLIDATED Depreciation, depletion and amortization 2024 $ 260 $ 13 $ 219 $ 10 $ 502 2023 $ 267 $ 16 $ 210 $ 7 $ 500 2022 $ 256 $ 17 $ 201 $ 6 $ 480 Capital expenditures 2024 $ 105 $ — $ 294 $ 17 $ 416 2023 $ 111 $ — $ 323 $ 13 $ 447 2022 $ 113 $ — $ 347 $ 8 $ 468 Total Assets DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS TIMBERLANDS AND WOOD UNALLOCATED REAL ESTATE & ENR PRODUCTS ITEMS CONSOLIDATED Total assets (1) 2024 $ 12,545 $ 3,116 $ 875 $ 16,536 2023 $ 12,596 $ 3,073 $ 1,314 $ 16,983 (1) Assets attributable to the Real Estate & ENR segment are combined with total assets for the Timberlands segment as we do not produce separate balance sheets internally. NOTE 3: REVENUE RECOGNITION A majority of our revenue is derived from sales of delivered logs and manufactured wood products. We account for revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . PERFORMANCE OBLIGATIONS A performance obligation, as defined in ASC Topic 606, is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to a customer. A contract's transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue at the point in time, or over the period, in which the performance obligation is satisfied. Performance obligations associated with delivered log sales are typically satisfied when the logs are delivered to our customers’ mills or delivered to an ocean vessel in the case of export sales. Performance obligations associated with the sale of wood products are typically satisfied when the products are shipped. We have elected, as an accounting policy, to treat shipping and handling that is performed after a customer obtains control of the product as an activity required to fulfill the promise to transfer the good; therefore we will not evaluate this requirement as a separate performance obligation. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 74 Table of Contents Customers are generally invoiced shortly after logs are delivered or after wood products are shipped, with payment generally due within a month or less of the invoice date. ASC Topic 606 requires entities to consider significant financing components of contracts with customers, though allows for the use of a practical expedient when the period between satisfaction of a performance obligation and payment receipt is one year or less. Given the nature of our revenue transactions, we have elected to utilize this practical expedient. Performance obligations associated with real estate sales are generally met when placed into escrow and all conditions of closing have been satisfied. CONTRACT ESTIMATES Substantially all of our performance obligations are satisfied as of a point in time. Therefore, there is little judgment in determining when control transfers for our business segments as described above. The transaction price for log sales generally equals the amount billed to our customer for logs delivered during the accounting period. For the limited number of log sales subject to a long-term supply agreement, the transaction price is variable but is known at the time of billing. For wood products sales, the transaction price is generally the amount billed to the customer for the products shipped but may be reduced slightly for estimated cash discounts and rebates. There are no significant contract estimates related to the real estate business. CONTRACT BALANCES In general, customers are billed and a receivable is recorded as we ship and/or deliver wood products and logs. We generally receive payment shortly after products have been received by our customers. Contract asset and liability balances are immaterial. For real estate sales, the company receives the entire consideration in cash at closing. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 75 Table of Contents MAJOR PRODUCTS A Reconciliation of Revenue Recognized by our Major Products: DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS 2024 2023 2022 Net sales to unaffiliated customers: Timberlands segment Delivered logs: West Domestic sales $ 350 $ 377 $ 414 Export grade sales 343 417 590 Subtotal West 693 794 1,004 South 603 643 645 North 46 48 56 Subtotal delivered logs sales 1,342 1,485 1,705 Stumpage and pay-as-cut timber 51 56 46 Recreational and other lease revenue 77 74 68 Other (1) 42 39 39 Net sales attributable to Timberlands segment 1,512 1,654 1,858 Real Estate & ENR segment Real estate 280 237 235 Energy and natural resources 111 126 133 Net sales attributable to Real Estate & ENR segment 391 363 368 Wood Products segment Structural lumber 1,906 2,123 3,374 Oriented strand board 979 944 1,578 Engineered solid section 708 783 862 Engineered I-joists 390 447 573 Softwood plywood 158 166 193 Medium density fiberboard 159 155 192 Complementary building products 615 704 840 Other (2) 306 335 346 Net sales attributable to Wood Products segment 5,221 5,657 7,958 Total $ 7,124 $ 7,674 $ 10,184 (1) Other Timberlands sales includes sales of seeds and seedlings from our nursery operations as well as wood chips. (2) Other Wood Products sales include wood chips, other byproducts and third-party residual log sales from our Canadian Forestlands operations. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 76 Table of Contents NOTE 4: TIMBERLAND ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES ALABAMA ACQUISITIONS On July 25, 2024, we announced acquisitions totaling 84 thousand acres of Alabama timberlands for $ 244 million. The first transaction was completed on May 30, 2024 and was comprised of 13 thousand acres for $ 48 million. We recorded $ 47 million of timberland assets in "Timber and timberlands at cost, less depletion" and $ 1 million of related assets in "Property and equipment, net" on our Consolidated Balance Sheet . The second transaction was completed on August 28, 2024 and was comprised of 32 thousand acres for $ 82 million. We recorded $ 81 million of timberland assets in "Timber and timberlands at cost, less depletion" and $ 1 million of related assets in "Property and equipment, net" on our Consolidated Balance Sheet . The third transaction was completed on October 9, 2024 and was comprised of 39 thousand acres for $ 114 million. We recorded $ 113 million of timberland assets in "Timber and timberlands at cost, less depletion" and $ 1 million of related assets in "Property and equipment, net" on our Consolidated Balance Sheet . SOUTHERN TIMBERLANDS ACQUISITION AND DIVESTITURE On December 20 , 2023, we completed the sale of 63 thousand acres of South Carolina timberlands f or $ 166 million in cash proceeds, which is net of purchase price adjustments and closing costs. This transaction was structured as a like-kind exchange along with the acquisition discussed below. As a result of the sale, we recorde d an $ 84 million gain in the Timberlands segment in our Consolidated Statement of Operations . This sale was not considered a strategic shift that had, or will have, a major effect on our operations or financial results and therefore did not meet the requirements for presentation as discontinued operations. On December 20, 20 23, we completed the purchase of 61 thousand acres of timberlands across the Carolinas and Mississ ippi for $ 159 million, which is net of purchase price adjustments. As a result of the pu rchase, we recorded $ 157 million of timberland assets in “Timber and timberlands at cost, less depletion” and $ 2 million of related as sets in “Property and equipment, net” on our Consolidated Balance Sheet . MISSISSIPPI ACQUISITION On July 19, 2023, we completed the purchase of 22 thousand acres of Mississippi timberlands for approximately $ 60 million. We recorded $ 59 million of timberland assets in "Timber and timberlands at cost, less depletion" and $ 1 million of related assets in "Property and equipment, net" on our Consolidated Balance Sheet . CAROLINAS ACQUISITION On May 18, 2022, we completed the purchase of 81 thousand acres of North and South Carolina timberlands for approximately $ 265 million. We recorded $ 263 million of timberland assets in “Timber and timberlands at cost, less depletion” and $ 2 million of related assets in “Property and equipment, net” on our Consolidated Balance Sheet . NOTE 5: NET EARNINGS PER SHARE Our basic and diluted earnings per share for the last three years were:  $ 0.54 in 2024,  $ 1.15 in 2023 and  $ 2.53 in 2022. HOW WE CALCULATE BASIC AND DILUTED NET EARNINGS PER SHARE Basic earnings per share is net earnings available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average number of our outstanding common shares, including stock equivalent units where there is no circumstance under which those shares would not be issued. Diluted earnings per share is net earnings available to common shareholders divided by the sum of the:  weighted average number of our outstanding common shares and  the effect of our outstanding dilutive potential common shares. Dilutive potential common shares may include:  outstanding stock options,  restricted stock units and  performance share units. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 77 Table of Contents Calculation of Weighted Average Number of Outstanding Common Shares – Dilutive SHARES IN THOUSANDS 2024 2023 2022 Weighted average number of outstanding shares — basic 728,398 731,654 741,904 Dilutive potential common shares: Stock options 109 132 253 Restricted stock units 294 201 423 Performance share units 156 235 373 Total effect of outstanding dilutive potential common shares 559 568 1,049 Weighted average number of outstanding common shares — dilutive 728,957 732,222 742,953 We use the treasury stock method to calculate the dilutive effect of our outstanding stock options, restricted stock units and performance share units. Share-based payment awards that are contingently issuable upon the achievement of specified performance or market conditions are included in our diluted earnings per share calculation in the period in which the conditions are satisfied. SHARES EXCLUDED FROM DILUTIVE EFFECT The following shares were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because they were either antidilutive or the required performance or market conditions were not met. Some or all of these shares may be dilutive potential common shares in future periods. Potential Shares Not Included in the Computation of Diluted Earnings per Share SHARES IN THOUSANDS 2024 2023 2022 Stock options 607 609 610 Performance share units 947 706 623 NOTE 6: INVENTORIES Inventories include raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods as well as materials and supplies, as shown below: DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 LIFO inventories: Logs $ 23 $ 29 Lumber, plywood, oriented strand board and fiberboard 82 77 Other products 14 12 Moving average cost or FIFO inventories: Logs 55 49 Lumber, plywood, oriented strand board, fiberboard and engineered wood products 130 115 Other products 147 134 Materials and supplies 156 150 Total $ 607 $ 566 If we used FIFO for all LIFO inventories, our stated inventories would have been higher by $ 115 million as of December 31, 2024 and $ 115 million as of December 31, 2023. HOW WE ACCOUNT FOR OUR INVENTORIES The Inventories section of Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies provides details about how we account for our inventories. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 78 Table of Contents NOTE 7: PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET Property and equipment includes land, buildings and improvements, machinery and equipment, roads and other items. Carrying Value of Property and Equipment and Estimated Service Lives DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS DECEMBER 31, DECEMBER 31, RANGE OF LIVES 2024 2023 Property and equipment, at cost: Land N/A $ 83 $ 83 Buildings and improvements 15 - 40 1,253 1,222 Machinery and equipment 5 - 25 4,120 4,005 Roads 10 - 35 783 760 Other 3 - 10 70 100 Total cost 6,309 6,170 Accumulated depreciation and amortization ( 3,980 ) ( 3,901 ) Property and equipment, net $ 2,329 $ 2,269 SERVICE LIVES AND DEPRECIATION In general, additions are classified into components, each with its own estimated useful life as determined at the time of purchase. Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment was: • $ 273 million in 2024, • $ 261 million in 2023 and • $ 249 million in 2022 . NOTE 8: PENSION AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT PLANS This note provides details about defined benefit and defined contribution plans we sponsor for our employees. The Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefit Plans section of Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies provides information about how we account for pension and other post-employment plans and benefits. PLANS WE SPONSOR OVERVIEW OF PLANS The defined benefit pension plans we sponsor in the U.S. and Canada differ according to each country’s requirements. In the U.S., we have plans that qualify under the Internal Revenue Code (qualified plans), as well as plans for select employees that provide additional benefits not qualified under the Internal Revenue Code (nonqualified plans). In Canada, we have plans that are registered under the Income Tax Act and applicable provincial pension acts (registered plans), as well as nonregistered plans for select employees that provide additional benefits that may not be registered under the Income Tax Act or provincial pension acts (nonregistered plans). We also sponsor other post-employment benefit (OPEB) plans in the U.S. and Canada, including retiree medical and life insurance plans. Our defined benefit pension plans were closed to newly hired and rehired salaried and non-union employees effective January 1, 2014, and were closed to union employees at various dates over the course of 2014 to 2019. We sponsor various defined contribution plans for our U.S. and Canadian salaried and hourly employees. Our contributions to these plans were $ 37 million, $ 35 million and $ 31 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Actions to Reduce Pension Plan Obligations As part of our continued efforts to reduce pension plan obligations, we transferred approximately $ 420 million of Canadian registered assets and liabilities to an insurance company through the purchase of a group annuity contract in December 2022 (2022 Retiree Annuity Purchase). In connection with this transaction, we recorded a noncash pretax settlement charge of $ 205 million during 2022. This settlement charge accelerated the recognition of previously unrecognized losses in "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss," that would have been recognized in subsequent periods. Given the timing of the 2022 Retiree Annuity Purchase, the plan remeasurement triggered as a result of the transaction was conducted as part of our annual valuation process. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 79 Table of Contents FUNDED STATUS OF PLANS The funded status of the plans we sponsor is determined by comparing the projected benefit obligation with the fair value of plan assets at the end of the year. The following table demonstrates how our plans' funded status is reflected on our Consolidated Balance Sheet . DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS PENSION OPEB 2024 2023 2024 2023 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year $ 2,347 $ 2,278 $ 89 $ 95 Service cost 21 23 — — Interest cost 117 118 4 5 Actuarial (gain) loss (1) ( 102 ) 63 ( 3 ) ( 2 ) Plan participants’ contributions — — 2 2 Benefits paid, including lump sum and annuity transfers ( 130 ) ( 146 ) ( 11 ) ( 12 ) Foreign currency translation and other ( 19 ) 11 ( 2 ) 1 Projected benefit obligation at end of year $ 2,234 $ 2,347 $ 79 $ 89 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year (estimated) $ 2,000 $ 2,053 $ 5 $ 8 Actual return on plan assets ( 118 ) 71 — — Employer contributions and benefit payments 12 14 6 6 Plan participants’ contributions — — 2 2 Benefits paid, including lump sum and annuity transfers ( 130 ) ( 146 ) ( 11 ) ( 12 ) Other, including foreign currency translation ( 21 ) 8 1 1 Fair value of plan assets at end of year (estimated) $ 1,743 $ 2,000 $ 3 $ 5 Presentation on our Consolidated Balance Sheet: (2) Noncurrent assets $ 47 $ 49 $ — $ — Current liabilities ( 11 ) ( 11 ) ( 7 ) ( 8 ) Noncurrent liabilities ( 527 ) ( 385 ) ( 69 ) ( 76 ) Funded status (3) $ ( 491 ) $ ( 347 ) $ ( 76 ) $ ( 84 ) Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year $ 2,179 $ 2,289 N/A N/A Actuarial Assumptions Used in Estimating Our Pension and OPEB Benefit Obligations: Discount rate (4) 4.70 - 5.70 % 4.70 - 5.20 % 4.50 - 5.50 % 4.60 - 5.10 % Rate of compensation increase (5) 1.00 - 13.00 % 1.00 - 13.00 % N/A N/A Lump sum distributions election (6) 70.00 % 70.00 % N/A N/A Healthcare cost trend rate: Assumed for next year (7) N/A N/A 5.06 - 7.00 % 5.13 - 7.25 % Ultimate (7) N/A N/A 4.00 - 4.50 % 4.00 - 4.50 % Year when rate will reach ultimate (7) N/A N/A 2035 - 2040 2035 - 2040 (1) Actuarial (gain) loss is primarily due to year-over-year changes in discount rates. (2) Assets and liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet are different from the cumulative income or expense that we have recorded associated with the plans. The differences are actuarial (gain) loss and prior service (cost) credit that are deferred and amortized into periodic benefit costs in future periods. Unamortized amounts are recorded in "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss", which is a component of total equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheet . The Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss section of Note 14: Shareholders' Interest details changes in these amounts by component. (3) For pension plans with a projected benefit obligation exceeding plan assets, the projected benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets were $ 2.0 billion and $ 1.5 billion at December 31, 2024 , respectively, and $ 2.1 billion and $ 1.7 billion at December 31, 2023, respectively. For pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation exceeding plan assets, the accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets were $ 2.0 billion and $ 1.5 billion at December 31, 2024 , respectively, and $ 2.1 billion and $ 1.7 billion at December 31, 2023, respectively. (4) For the U.S. defined benefit plans, the discount rate assumption was 5.7 % and 5.2 % for 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the Canadian defined benefit plans, the discount rate assumption was 4.7 % for both 2024 and 2023. For U.S. OPEB plans, the discount rate assumption was 5.5 % and 5.1 % for 2024 and 2023, respectively. For Canadian OPEB plans, the discount rate assumption was 4.5 % and 4.6 % for 2024 and 2023, respectively. For lump sum distributions (for U.S. qualified salaried and nonqualified plans only), the interest and mortality assumptions are the same as those mandated by the Pension Protection Act of 2006 for benefits commencing in the current year. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 80 Table of Contents (5) For the U.S. defined benefit plans, the rate of compensation increase assumption for both 2024 and 2023 was between 2.00 % - 13.00 % for salaried participants and was decreasing with participant age. For the Canadian defined benefit plans, the rate of compensation increase assumption was 1.00 % - 2.75 % and 2.00 % - 2.75 % for salaried and hourly participants, respectively, for both 2024 and 2023. (6) U.S. qualified salaried and nonqualified plans only. (7) For U.S. OPEB plans, the healthcare cost trend rate assumption for the next year for Pre-Medicare was 7.00 % and 7.25 % for 2024 and 2023, respectively. The ultimate healthcare cost trend rate was 4.50 % for both 2024 and 2023 and the assumption for the year the ultimate healthcare cost trend rate is reached was 2035 for both 2024 and 2023. For Canadian OPEB plans, the healthcare cost trend rate assumption for the next year was 5.06 % and 5.13 % for 2024 and 2023, respectively. The ultimate healthcare cost trend rate was 4.00 % and the assumption for the year the ultimate healthcare cost trend rate is reached was 2040 for both 2024 and 2023 . PENSION ASSETS Our Investment Policies and Strategies Our investment policies, strategies and advisory agreements guide and direct how the funds are managed for the benefit plans we sponsor. These funds include our:  U.S. Pension Trust — funds our U.S. qualified pension plans;  Canadian Pension Trust — funds our Canadian registered pension plans and  Retirement Compensation Arrangements — fund a portion of our Canadian nonregistered pension plans. U.S. and Canadian Pension Trusts In 2018, we began to shift pension plan assets to an allocation that more closely aligns with our pension plan liability profile. Our former investment strategy included investments primarily in hedge funds and private equity funds. These asset classes are now in redemption and run-off mode. However, given the long-term nature of these investments, they will continue to comprise a portion of the plan assets for several years. We expect all investments in redemption to be redeemed at amounts materially consistent with their net asset values (NAV). As these investments are redeemed or liquidated, cash proceeds available for investment will be invested in accordance with our current investment strategy. Our investment strategy targets a percentage allocation to growth assets and a percentage allocation to liability hedging assets based on each plan’s funded status. We expect to increase the allocation to liability hedging assets over time as the funded status of the pension plans improves. Growth assets may include investments in global public equities, hedge funds (which are in redemption), private equity assets (which are in run-off mode), fixed income and real estate. Liability hedging assets may include corporate credit and government issued fixed income securities as well as treasury futures selected to align with the plan liabilities. Assets within our U.S. and Canadian pension trusts were invested as follows: DECEMBER 31, 2024 DECEMBER 31, 2023 Cash and short-term investments (1) 4.0 % 4.1 % Public equity investments (2) 14.4 0.9 Fixed income investments: (3) Corporate 32.4 45.6 Government 21.1 16.9 Repurchase agreements — ( 1.3 ) Hedge funds and related investments (4)(5) 3.1 3.4 Private equity and related investments (5)(6) 25.5 30.5 Derivative instruments, net (7) ( 0.1 ) 0.1 Accrued liabilities ( 0.4 ) ( 0.2 ) Total 100.0 % 100.0 % (1) Cash and short-term investments are valued at cost, which approximates market. (2) Public equity investments are valued at exit prices quoted in active markets. (3) Fixed income investments include publicly traded corporate and government issued debt. These bonds have varying maturities, credit quality and sector exposure and are selected to align with the duration of our plan liabilities. Additionally, at December 31, 2023 our fixed income portfolio included repurchase agreements, which represent short-term borrowings to hedge against interest rate risk. We have an obligation to return the cash related to these borrowings in accordance with the agreements, which are collateralized by our government bonds. Fixed income investments are valued at exit prices quoted in active or non-active markets or based on observable inputs. (4) Hedge funds and related investments are privately-offered managed pools primarily structured as limited liability entities. General members or partners of these limited liability entities serve as portfolio managers and are thus responsible for the fund’s underlying investment decisions. Underlying investments within these funds may include long and short public and private equities, corporate, mortgage and sovereign debt, options, swaps, forwards and other derivative positions. These funds have varying degrees of leverage, liquidity and redemption provisions. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 81 Table of Contents (5) These investments are primarily valued based on the NAVs of the funds. These values represent the per-unit price at which new investors are permitted to invest and existing investors are permitted to exit. When NAVs as of the end of the year have not been received, we estimate fair value by adjusting the most recently reported NAVs for market events and cash flows between the interim date and the end of the year. (6) Private equity and related investments include both investments in private equity and investments in mezzanine, distressed, co-investments and other structures. Private equity funds generally participate in buyout and venture capital strategies through unlisted equity and debt instruments. These funds may also borrow at the underlying entity level. Mezzanine and distressed funds generally invest in the debt of public or private companies with additional participation through warrants or other equity options. (7) Derivative instruments include risk-mitigating futures and are valued based upon valuation statements received from each counterparty . Retirement Compensation Arrangements Retirement compensation arrangements fund a portion of our Canadian nonregistered pension plans. As required by Canadian tax rules, approximately 50 percent of these assets are invested into a non-interest bearing refundable tax account held by the Canada Revenue Agency. This portion of the portfolio does not earn returns. The remaining portion is invested in a portfolio of equities. Managing Risk Investments and contracts are subject to risks including market price, interest rate, credit, currency and liquidity risks. We mitigate these risks to our pension plan asset portfolios through advisory agreements, investment in diversified portfolios, inclusion of fixed income investments that align with plan liabilities and investment in assets designed to address both currency and liquidity considerations. In addition, we and our investment advisers perform regular monitoring with ongoing qualitative assessments, quantitative assessments and investment and operational due diligence. Valuation of Our Plan Assets Pension assets are stated at fair value or NAV. Fair value is based on the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to settle a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the reporting date. We consider both observable and unobservable inputs that reflect assumptions applied by market participants when setting the exit price of an asset or liability in an orderly transaction within the principal market for that asset or liability. We value the pension plan assets based upon the observability of exit pricing inputs and classify pension plan assets based upon the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the pension plan assets in their entirety. Refer to Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for details on the fair value hierarchy. The availability of observable market data is monitored to assess the appropriate classification of financial instruments within the fair value hierarchy. Changes in economic conditions or model-based valuation techniques may require the transfer of financial instruments from one fair value level to another. We evaluate the significance of transfers between levels based upon the nature of the financial instrument and size of the transfer relative to total net assets available for benefits. Investments for which fair value is measured using the NAV per share as a practical expedient are not categorized within the fair value hierarchy. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 82 Table of Contents The net pension plan assets, when categorized in accordance with this fair value hierarchy, are as follows: DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS 2024 2023 LEVEL 1 LEVEL 2 LEVEL 3 TOTAL LEVEL 1 LEVEL 2 LEVEL 3 TOTAL Pension trust investments: Cash and short-term investments $ 69 $ — $ — $ 69 $ 82 $ — $ — $ 82 Public equity investments 249 — — 249 17 — — 17 Fixed income investments: Corporate — 562 — 562 — 907 — 907 Government — 366 — 366 — 337 — 337 Repurchase agreements — — — — — ( 25 ) — ( 25 ) Hedge funds and related investments (1) — — 16 16 — — 21 21 Private equity and related investments (1) — — 2 2 — — 26 26 Derivative instruments (2) — ( 1 ) — ( 1 ) — 1 — 1 Total pension trust investments measured at fair value (1) $ 318 $ 927 $ 18 $ 1,263 $ 99 $ 1,220 $ 47 $ 1,366 Canadian nonregistered plan assets: Cash and short-term investments 4 — — 4 5 — — 5 Public equity investments 4 — — 4 4 — — 4 Total Canadian nonregistered plan assets measured at fair value $ 8 $ — $ — $ 8 $ 9 $ — $ — $ 9 Total plan assets measured at fair value (1) $ 1,271 $ 1,375 (1) December 31, 2024 and 2023 exclude $ 479 million and $ 628 million, respectively, of hedge fund and private equity investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient, which are not required to be classified in the fair value hierarchy. Additionally, December 31, 2024 and 2023 exclude $ 7 million and $ 3 million of accrued liabilities, respectively. (2) Derivative instruments include futures contracts. The fair value and aggregate notional value of these contracts were $ ( 1 ) million and $ 664 million at December 31, 2024 , respectively, and $ 1 million and $ 393 million at December 31, 2023 , respectively. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 83 Table of Contents ACTIVITY OF PLANS Net Periodic Benefit Cost Our net periodic benefit cost and the assumptions used to estimate it are shown in the following table. DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS PENSION OPEB 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022 Net periodic benefit cost: Service cost $ 21 $ 23 $ 36 $ — $ — $ — Interest cost 117 118 106 4 5 3 Expected return on plan assets ( 123 ) ( 119 ) ( 160 ) — — — Amortization of actuarial loss 42 40 93 1 1 5 Amortization of prior service cost (credit) 2 1 3 ( 1 ) ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Settlement charges — — 205 — — — Net periodic benefit cost $ 59 $ 63 $ 283 $ 4 $ 5 $ 7 Actuarial Assumptions Used in Estimating Our Pension and OPEB Net Periodic Benefit Cost: Discount rate (1) 4.70 - 5.20 % 5.30 - 5.40 % 2.90 - 3.10 % 4.60 - 5.10 % 5.30 - 5.40 % 2.60 - 3.00 % Expected return on assets (2) 7.00 % 6.50 % 5.00 % N/A N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase (3) 1.00 - 13.00 % 1.00 - 13.00 % 2.00 - 13.00 % N/A N/A N/A Lump sum distributions election (4) 70.00 % 70.00 % 60.00 % N/A N/A N/A Weighted healthcare cost trend rate (5) N/A N/A N/A 5.13 - 7.25 % 4.50 - 5.70 % 4.50 - 6.20 % (1) For the U.S. defined benefit plans, the discount rate assumption was 5.20 %, 5.40 % and 2.90 % for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For the Canadian defined benefit plans, the discount rate assumption was 4.70 %, 5.30 % and 3.10 % for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For U.S. OPEB plans, the discount rate assumption was 5.10 %, 5.40 % and 2.60 %, for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For Canadian OPEB plans, the discount rate assumption was 4.60 %, 5.30 % and 3.00 % for 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For lump sum distributions (for U.S. qualified salaried and nonqualified plans only), the interest and mortality assumptions are the same as those mandated by the Pension Protection Act of 2006 for benefits commencing in the current year. (2) Determining our expected return requires a high degree of judgment. We consider actual pension fund asset performance over multiple years and current and expected valuation levels in the global equity and credit markets. Historical fund returns are used as a base and we place added weight on more recent pension plan asset performance. (3) For the U.S. defined benefit plans, the rate of compensation increase assumption for 2024, 2023 and 2022 was between 2.00 % - 13.00 % for salaried participants and was decreasing with participant age. For the Canadian defined benefit plans, the rate of compensation increase assumption for salaried participants was 1.00 % - 2.75 % for 2024 and 2023 and 3.25 % for 2022. The rate of compensation increase assumption for hourly participants was 2.00 % - 2.75 % for 2024 and 2023 and 3.00 % for 2022. (4) U.S. qualified salaried and nonqualified plans only. (5) For OPEB plans during 2024, the assumed weighted healthcare cost trend rate was 7.25 % and 5.13 % for U.S. Pre-Medicare participants and Canadian OPEB plans, respectively. Pension Plan Contributions and Benefit Payments Established funding standards govern the funding requirements for our qualified and registered pension plans. We fund the benefit payments of our nonqualified and nonregistered plans as benefit payments come due. During 2024, we made contributions and/or benefit payments of $ 10 million for our U.S. nonqualified pension plans, $ 2 million for our Canadian nonregistered pension plans and less than $ 1 million for o ur Canadian registered plans. During 2025, based on estimated year-end asset values and projections of plan liabilities, we expect to make contributions and/or benefit payments of approximately:  $ 9 million for our U.S. nonqualified pension plans,  $ 2 million for our Canadian non-registered plans and  less than $ 1 million for our Canadian registered plan (required contribution). We do not anticipate contributions being required for our U.S. qualified pension plan for 2025. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 84 Table of Contents OPEB Benefit Payments During 2024, we contributed $ 5 million and $ 1 million to our U.S. and Canadian OPEB plans, respectively. In 2025, we expect to make contributions of $ 7 million in total for our U.S. and Canadian OPEB plans, including $ 3 million expected to be required to cover benefit payments under collectively bargained contractual obligations. Estimated Projected Benefit Payments for the Next 10 Years DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS PENSION OPEB 2025 $ 153 $ 10 2026 $ 156 $ 9 2027 $ 156 $ 9 2028 $ 158 $ 8 2029 $ 160 $ 7 2030 - 2034 $ 810 $ 30 UNION-ADMINISTERED MULTIEMPLOYER BENEFIT PLANS We contribute to multiemployer defined benefit plans under the terms of collective-bargaining agreements. These plans cover a small number of our employees and on an annual basis our contributions are immaterial. These plans have different risks than single-employer plans. Our contributions may be used to fund benefits for employees of other participating employers. If we choose to stop participating, we may be required to pay a withdrawal liability based on the underfunded status of the plan . If another participating employer stops contributing to the plan, we may become responsible for remaining plan unfunded obligations. NOTE 9: ACCRUED LIABILITIES Accrued liabilities were comprised of the following: DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS DECEMBER 31, 2024 DECEMBER 31, 2023 Compensation and employee benefit costs $ 171 $ 173 Current portion of lease liabilities (Note 16) 29 19 Customer rebates, volume discounts and deferred income 129 124 Interest 62 63 Taxes payable 47 31 Other 74 91 Total $ 512 $ 501 NOTE 10: LINE OF CREDIT OUR LINE OF CREDIT In March 2023, we refinanced and extended our $ 1.5 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility, which expires in March 2028 . Borrowings will bear interest at a floating rate based on either the adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) plus a spread or a mutually agreed upon base rate plus a spread. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we ha d no outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facility and had our full $ 1.5 billion available. We were in compliance with the revolving credit facility covenants as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. LETTERS OF CREDIT AND SURETY BONDS The amounts of letters of credit and surety bonds we have entered into as of the end of the last two years are included in the following table: DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS DECEMBER 31, 2024 DECEMBER 31, 2023 Letters of credit $ 33 $ 34 Surety bonds $ 128 $ 129 WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 85 Table of Contents Our compensating balance requirement for our letters of credit was $ 3 million as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 . NOTE 11: LONG-TERM DEBT, NET This note provides details about:  debt issued and extinguished and  long-term debt and related maturities. Our long-term debt includes notes, debentures and other borrowings. DEBT ISSUED AND EXTINGUISHED In January 2025, we repaid our $ 139 million 8.50 percent debentures at maturity. Over the course of 2023, we refinanced approximately $ 1 billion of debt. In December 2023, we entered into a $ 250 million senior unsecured term loan that will mature in December 2028 . Net proceeds after fees were $ 249 million. Borrowings will bear interest at a floating rate based on either the adjusted term SOFR plus a spread or a mutually agreed upon base rate plus a spread. The facility also provides flexibility to enter into a mutually agreed fixed rate. In December 2023, we repaid our $ 860 million 5.207 percent private note at maturity, funded by cash on hand, including the proceeds from our short-term investments which matured in fourth quarter 2023. In July 2023, we repaid our $ 118 million 7.125 percent notes at maturity. In May 2023, we completed an offering of debt securities by issuing $ 750 million of 4.750 percent notes due in May 2026 . The net proceeds after deducting the discount, underwriting fees and issuance costs were $ 743 million. In March 2022, we completed a series of transactions that lowered our weighted average interest rate and extended our weighted average maturity by issuing $ 900 million in notes and using the net proceeds plus cash on hand to close cash tender offers for $ 931 million of principal in higher interest rate notes. We issued $ 450 million of 3.375 percent notes due in March 2033 and $ 450 million of 4.00 percent notes due in March 2052 . The net proceeds after deducting the discount, underwriting fees and issuance costs were $ 444 million and $ 437 million, respectively. The net proceeds were used to retire $ 592 million of our 7.375 percent notes due in March 2032 , $ 161 million of our 8.50 percent notes due in January 2025 , $ 73 million of our 7.125 percent notes due in July 2023 , $ 65 million of our 7.95 percent notes due in March 2025 and $ 40 million of our 7.85 percent notes due in July 2026 . We paid holders an aggregate $ 1.2 billion in cash reflecting principal, premium to par and tender premium. A net pretax charge of $ 276 million ($ 207 million after-tax) was included in our Consolidated Statement of Operations in first quarter 2022 for premiums to retire $ 931 million of principal plus unamortized debt issuance costs and unamortized debt discounts in connection with the early debt retirement. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 86 Table of Contents LONG-TERM DEBT AND RELATED MATURITIES The following table lists our long-term debt by types and interest rates at the end of our last two years and includes the current portion. Long-Term Debt by Types and Interest Rates (Includes Current Portion) DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS DECEMBER 31, 2024 DECEMBER 31, 2023 8.50 % debentures due 2025 $ 139 $ 139 7.95 % debentures due 2025 71 71 7.70 % debentures due 2026 150 150 7.35 % debentures due 2026 62 62 7.85 % debentures due 2026 60 60 4.75 % notes due 2026 750 750 6.95 % debentures due 2027 300 300 Variable-rate term loan matures 2028 250 250 4.00 % notes due 2029 750 750 4.00 % notes due 2030 750 750 7.375 % debentures due 2032 657 657 6.875 % debentures due 2033 275 275 3.375 % debentures due 2033 450 450 4.00 % debentures due 2052 450 450 Other 1 1 Total principal long-term debt 5,115 5,115 Less: unamortized discounts ( 32 ) ( 37 ) Less: unamortized debt expense ( 7 ) ( 9 ) Total $ 5,076 $ 5,069 Principal due within one year $ 210 $ — Amounts of Long-Term Debt Due Annually for the Next Five Years and Thereafter DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS (1) 2025 $ 210 2026 $ 1,022 2027 $ 300 2028 $ 250 2029 $ 750 Thereafter $ 2,583 (1) Excludes $ 39 million of unamortized discounts and capitalized debt expense. WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY > 2024 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 87 Table of Contents NOTE 12: FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS FAIR VALUE OF DEBT The estimated carrying value and fair value of our long-term debt consisted of the following: DOLLAR AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS DECEMBER 31, 2024 DECEMBER 31, 2023 CARRYING VALUE FAIR VALUE (LEVEL 2) CARRYING VALUE FAIR VALUE (LEVEL 2) Long-term debt (including current maturities) and line of credit: Fixed rate $ 4,827 $ 4,757 $ 4,820 $ 4,853 Variable rate 249 250 249 250 Total Debt $ 5,076 $ 5,007 $ 5,069 $ 5,103 To estimate the fair value of fixed rate long-term debt, we used the market approach, which is based on quoted market prices we received for the same types and issues of our debt. We believe that our variable-rate long term debt and line of credit instruments have net carrying values that approximate their fair value with only insignificant differences. The inputs to the valuations of our long-term debt are based on market data obtained from independent sources or information derived principally from observable market data. The difference between the fair value and the carrying value represents the theoretical net premium or discount we would pay or receive to retire all debt at the measurement date. FAIR VALUE OF OTHER FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS We believe that our other financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, mutual fund investments held in grantor trusts, receivables and payables, have net carrying values that approximate their fair values with only insignificant differences. This is primarily due to the short-term nature of these instruments and the allowance for doubtful accounts. NOTE 13: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES This note provides details about our:  legal proceedings,  environmental matters and  commitments and other contingencies. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any legal proceeding that management believes could have a material adverse effect on our Consolidated Balance Sheet , Consolidated Statement of Operations or Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows . ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS Site Remediation Under the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) – commonly known as the “Superfund” – and similar state laws, we are a party to various proceedings related to the cleanup of hazardous waste sites and have been notified that we may be a potentially responsible party related to the cleanup of other hazardous waste sites for which proceedings have not yet been initiated. We have received notification from the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and have acknowledged that we are 