=== BALL_2026-03-17.htm.gz ===
tm2525516-2_nonfiling - none - 39.0337551s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 BALL CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS 2025 HIGHLIGHTS We are pleased to present our 2025 achievements and initiatives. BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | i TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS March 17, 2026 2025 was a monumental year for Ball Corporation, and I am proud to share the many accomplishments of our leadership team and the more than 16,000 employees who drive our success every day. In 2025, we focused on improving and growing our aluminum packaging business, strengthening our financial position and delivering value to our shareholders. Our business delivered exceptional financial results, including strong earnings per share growth that exceeded our long-term growth expectations. We outperformed the market by growing our global aluminum packaging shipments by 4.1% compared to 2024, achieving a record level of adjusted free cash flow, and returning $1.54 billion to shareholders. We achieved these financial results while improving our operations, deepening our customer relationships and expanding our global footprint. I am also very proud of our Board of Directors and leadership team for successfully navigating shifts in customer demand, dynamic geopolitical conditions, the execution of key strategic initiatives and a leadership transition, positioning the Company for success in 2026 and beyond. In the second half of 2025, our Board executed a series of important steps to position Ball for the future, which include electing a new director (John Panichella), appointing a new Chief Executive Officer (Ron Lewis) and establishing an independent Board Chairman position. The addition of John to the Board is part of our ongoing Board refreshment process and a critical step in ensuring that the Board has the skills and experience needed to fulfill its governance and strategic and operational oversight duties. The appointment of Ron as the Company s new CEO and his successful transition into that role is a reflection of the Board s focus on management succession and maintaining a strong leadership team. Ron is known throughout the industry as a customer-centric innovator and disciplined operator with a reputation for driving execution. His success managing and improving Ball s manufacturing operations, and his deep knowledge of our customers and their operations allowed him to step into the CEO role and make an immediate and positive impact on our business. The Board and I remain steadfast in Ball s future, and we believe that Ron has the right skills and experience to lead our business and execute the Board s vision for success. In 2025, we advanced the implementation of the Ball Business System, our operating model which is designed to drive process efficiency and strengthen our cost structure to better serve our customers. We also executed several steps to further position the Company for growth, including the addition of new manufacturing facilities in the United States, Belgium and Hungary, strengthening our financial position and liquidity through the extension of our credit facility, enhancing our partnerships with key customers and appointing a strong management team to lead the Company into the future. We remain committed to the Company s long-term strategy of executing against our commitments, staying close to our customers, accelerating substrate shift, and managing complexity to our advantage. Our 2025 Combined Annual and Sustainability Report highlights the measurable progress we ve made toward achieving our 2030 goals by expanding our lightweight aluminum packaging portfolio; working to increase recycling rates around the world and improving the efficiency of our operations. Our global manufacturing network of 65 plants, along with our differentiated product portfolio, our industry-leading manufacturing processes, and our team s commitment to executing with excellence positions us for long-term growth and will allow us to deliver innovative, low-carbon, aluminum packaging solutions that meet our customers needs and to deliver shareholder value. On behalf of the Board and our entire Ball team, we thank you for your continued investment and trust as we lead the Company into an exciting chapter in our history. Stuart A. Taylor II Chairman of the Board ii | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS WHEN WHERE RECORD DATE Wednesday April 29, 2026 7:00 A.M., Mountain Daylight Time Virtually via Webcast www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BALL2026 In-Person at 9200 W. 108 th Circle, Westminster, CO 80021 You can vote if you are a shareholder of record on February 27, 2026 The Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Ball Corporation will be held for the following purposes: ITEMS OF BUSINESS Item Management Proposals See page 1 Election of nine director nominees to serve for a one-year term expiring at the annual meeting in 2027: FOR each nominee 68 John A. Bryant Aaron M. Erter Ronald J. Lewis Cynthia A. Niekamp John E. Panichella Todd A. Penegor Cathy D. Ross Betty J. Sapp Stuart A. Taylor II 2 Ratification of appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm for the company for 2026 FOR 69 3 Approve, by non-binding advisory vote, the compensation of the named executive officers ( NEOs ) as disclosed in the following Proxy Statement FOR 70 4 Approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated 2013 Stock and Cash Incentive Plan FOR 71 To consider any other business as may properly come before the meeting, although it is anticipated that no business will be conducted other than the matters listed above Shareholders of record at the close of business on February 27, 2026, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof. The following Proxy Statement contains important information about the meeting and the matters being voted upon. This year s Annual Meeting will be held in a hybrid format through a live webcast and in-person at our headquarters office. Please see the Voting and Meeting Information section for details on how to attend. Your vote is important. Please read the accompanying proxy materials carefully. To ensure your shares are represented at the Annual Meeting, we urge you to vote your shares by completing and returning the proxy card as promptly as possible. You also may vote by telephone or over the Internet, or if you request a paper copy of the materials, by mail. Please see the voting instructions on page iv for more details. You may revoke your proxy at any time before the final vote at the Annual Meeting. All properly completed proxies (whether by mail, telephone or Internet) will be voted at the meeting in accordance with the directions given in the proxy, unless the proxy is revoked before voting concludes. The Notice of Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement and proxy card were first furnished and made available to shareholders on or about March 17, 2026. For more complete information, please review the entire Proxy Statement as well as our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. By Order of the Board of Directors, Hannah Lim-Johnson Corporate Secretary March 17, 2026 Westminster, Colorado PLEASE NOTE: The 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held to tabulate the votes cast and to report the results of voting on the items described above. No management presentations or other business matters are planned for the meeting. BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | iii TABLE OF CONTENTS HOW TO VOTE Shareholders of record as of February 27, 2026, desiring to submit a proxy by telephone or via the Internet will be required to enter the unique voter control number imprinted on the proxy card. You should have the proxy card available for reference when initiating this process. The deadline (1) to vote is 11:59 p.m. EDT on April 28, 2026, unless you attend the Annual Meeting Registered holders (shares are registered in your own name) Beneficial owners (shares are held in street name in a stock brokerage account or by a bank, nominee or other holder of record) BY MOBILE DEVICE Scan the QR code BY INTERNET Vote your shares online 24/7 at www.proxyvote.com BY TELEPHONE Call toll-free 24/7: 1-800-690-6903 BY MAIL If you requested printed copies of the proxy materials, please complete, date, sign and return your proxy card in the postage-paid envelope Complete, date, sign and return your voting information form in the postage-paid envelope ATTEND ANNUAL MEETING Attend the Annual Meeting and vote by ballot Attend the Annual Meeting and vote by ballot You will need to coordinate with the registered holder of your shares Voluntary E-delivery of Proxy Materials Help the environment by consenting to receive electronic delivery. Sign up at www.proxyvote.com . IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL SHAREHOLDER MEETING The Proxy Statement, Form 10-K and Annual Report are available at http://materials.proxyvote.com . (1) Shares held in a brokerage account or by a bank, nominee or other holder of record may need to be voted by earlier deadlines set by your service provider. iv | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 1 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 8 BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 8 Our Board of Directors 9 Director Nominees 14 Board Leadership Structure 14 Director Independence 14 Balanced Board Composition 17 Risk Oversight 18 Board and Committee Self-Evaluations 18 Director Training 18 Board Meetings 18 Shareholder Engagement 19 Board and Committee Membership 19 Board Committees 22 Corporate Governance Guidelines 22 Policies on Business Ethics and Conduct 23 Director Compensation 23 Director Compensation Table 25 Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Guidelines 25 Transactions with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control Persons 26 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 26 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 27 Executive Summary 31 Role of the Human Resources Committee and Executive Compensation Consultant 31 Market Reference Points and Peer Groups 32 Process for Determining Executive Compensation 33 Summary of Changes Made to 2025 Executive Compensation 34 Specifics Related to 2025 Executive Compensation 40 Other Equity Awards 41 Other Executive Compensation Policies and Guidelines 43 Report of the Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors 44 Compensation Tables and Narrative 64 STOCK OWNERSHIP INFORMATION 64 Beneficial Ownership 65 Voting Securities and Principal Shareholders 66 AUDIT MATTERS 66 Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 67 Report of the Audit Committee 68 PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON AT THE ANNUAL MEETING 68 Item 1 Election of Directors 69 Item 2 Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Auditor 70 Item 3 Advisory (Non-Binding) Vote to Approve Executive Compensation 71 Item 4 Approval of an Amendment to the Amended and Restated 2013 Stock and Cash Incentive Plan 78 VOTING AND MEETING INFORMATION 78 Annual Meeting 78 Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting 79 Shareholder Proposals for 2027 Annual Meeting 80 Householding 80 Forward Looking Statements 80 Solicitation and Other Matters 81 Exhibit A First Amendment to Amended and Restated 2013 Stock and Cash Incentive Plan BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | v TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY The following summary highlights certain key disclosures in this Proxy Statement. This is only a summary, and it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For more complete information, please review the entire Proxy Statement as well as our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K. PROPOSALS TO BE VOTED ON AT THE ANNUAL MEETING Item Management Proposals See page 1 Election of nine director nominees to serve for a one-year term expiring at the annual meeting in 2027: FOR each nominee 68 John A. Bryant Aaron M. Erter Ronald J. Lewis Cynthia A. Niekamp John E. Panichella Todd A. Penegor Cathy D. Ross Betty J. Sapp Stuart A. Taylor II 2 Ratification of appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm for the company for 2026 FOR 69 3 Approve, by non-binding advisory vote, the compensation of the named executive officers ( NEOs ) as disclosed in the following Proxy Statement FOR 70 4 Approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated 2013 Stock and Cash Incentive Plan FOR 71 To consider any other business as may properly come before the meeting, although it is anticipated that no business will be conducted other than the matters listed above BUSINESS OVERVIEW Ball Corporation (Ball, the company, we or our) is the world s leading supplier of aluminum packaging for the beverage, personal care and household products industries. In 2025, our total consolidated net sales were $13.16 billion. Our largest product line is aluminum beverage containers and we also produce extruded aluminum aerosol containers, recloseable aluminum bottles across multiple consumer categories and aluminum slugs. We sell our aluminum packaging products globally to large multinational beverage, personal care and household products companies, as well as to numerous regional customers. We exist to unlock the infinite potential of aluminum to advance a world free from waste. Our strategy comprises four pillars: executing every day, staying close to our customers, accelerating the substrate shift to aluminum and managing complexity to our advantage. We own and operate a global manufacturing network of 65 plants, and we employ approximately 16,000 employees worldwide. We have been in business for 146 years. Our headquarters is in Westminster, Colorado, and our stock is listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BALL. BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 2025 FINANCIALHIGHLIGHTS In 2025, our company delivered record EVA dollars, strong full year comparable operating earnings, record adjusted free cash flow, and record diluted earnings per share, achieved through leveraging our operating model and our strategic pillars of executing exceptionally every day, staying close to our customers, accelerating the substrate shift to aluminum, and managing complexity to our advantage. Our full year results were driven by enhanced operational performance, strategic cost reduction initiatives, volume growth across all beverage packaging segments, and a substantial return of capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Maximizing shareholder value remained a top priority, and we executed one of the most significant share repurchase programs in our history, underscoring our confidence in the business and our commitment to disciplined capital allocation. To drive long term value and EVA dollar generation, we maintained a relentless focus on supply and demand balance, cost efficiency, portfolio optimization, and capital return. Executing through the Ball Business System and our strategic pillars, our team managed costs, strengthened performance, and delivered a record year for our company. * EVA dollar generation calculated using the historical EVA definition as described on page 3 8. 2 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY COMPANY SUSTAINABILITY OUR COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY Since Ball s founding in 1880, our stakeholders have trusted us to operate with integrity and accountability. Our customers look to us as a trusted partner to help them meet their sustainability goals and reporting requirements in a complex and changing environment. We start by setting rigorous standards for ourselves in everything we do and by ensuring we meet the expectations of our investors to uphold responsible business practices, including risk mitigation and regulatory preparedness. We work to ensure the consistent adoption of these standards across Ball s global business. We focus our sustainability efforts on product stewardship and social impact, as defined in our 2030 goals at www.ball.com/goals . Product stewardship includes real circularity, climate leadership, material health, resource efficiency and responsible sourcing. Social impact includes the health, safety and wellbeing of our employees, as well as belonging, inclusion and diversity, talent development, employee experience and community engagement. In our manufacturing facilities around the world, we work to continuously improve operational excellence, which includes decreasing our energy and water intensity, while also reducing air emissions and promoting recycling. The Benefits of Ball s Aluminum Products At Ball, we have an expansive portfolio of aluminum cans and bottles that can be recycled over and over again. They serve a variety of needs from single use and recycle, to refill and reuse. Supported by the high economic value of aluminum scrap, at 75% cans have the highest recycling rates of any beverage packaging substrate globally and come with the highest average recycled content as well. Aluminum is also well suited to comply with upcoming sustainability compliance requirements for packaging in several parts of the world, which often come with higher fees for substrates with less favorable circularity credentials. Ball is innovating and collaborating across the value chain, to establish and support initiatives to decarbonize the manufacturing of aluminum packaging and the entire aluminum sector, as well as increase global recycling rates. These efforts include programs to ensure a reliable supply of low carbon aluminum and renewable electricity for our operations, as well as advocating for effective recycling systems, and educating consumers about aluminum s sustainability benefits. Our Real Circularity Vision is for aluminum to be truly recycled in a closed loop with minimum losses. In addition, Ball is committed to 1.5 degree aligned science-based targets and achieving net zero carbon emissions prior to 2050. As outlined in our Climate Transition Plan www.ball.com/sustainability/climate-leadership , Ball is collaborating internally and externally to address all decarbonization levers. From our Aluminum Stewardship Initiative (ASI) certified plants, to Cradle to Cradle Material Health certified coatings, Ball is working to ensure excellent sustainability credentials for our customers. Commitment to Community Ball s commitment to the communities where we live and operate is an integral part of our culture. We continue to support organizations, programs and civic initiatives that advance sustainable livelihoods. Through our community engagement; via The Ball Foundation, employee giving and volunteerism, we enrich our local communities beyond providing jobs. Each year Ball and its employees donate, volunteer, and support non-profit organizations centered on building sustainable communities through recycling, education, and disaster preparedness and relief initiatives. BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY OVERVIEW OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES Director and Principal Occupation Age Director Since Independent Audit Finance Human Resources Nominating / Corporate Governance Other Current Public Company Boards John A. Bryant Former Chief Executive Officer, Kellogg Company 60 2018 Yes Compass PLC Coca-Cola Europacific Partners PLC Flutter PLC Aaron M. Erter Chief Executive Officer, James Hardie Industries 52 2024 Yes James Hardie Industries PLC Ronald J. Lewis Chief Executive Officer Ball Corporation 59 2025 No None Cynthia A. Niekamp Former Senior VP, Automotive Coatings, PPG Industries, Inc. 66 2016 Yes PACCAR, Inc. John E. Panichella Chief Executive Officer, Solenis 67 2025 Yes None Todd A. Penegor Chief Executive Officer, Papa Johns 60 2019 Yes Papa Johns International Dutch Bros Cathy D. Ross Former Chief Financial Officer and Executive VP, FedEx Express 68 2017 Yes None Betty J. Sapp Former Director, U.S. National Reconnaissance Office 70 2019 Yes None Stuart A. Taylor II Chairman of the Board, Ball Corporation Chief Executive Officer, The Taylor Group LLC 65 1999 Yes Atmus Filtrations Technologies Inc. Wabash National Number of Meetings in 2025 Board: 6 5 4 6 4 Total: 25 Committee Chair Committee Member Audit Committee Financial Expert 4 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY BOARD COMPOSITION AND ATTRIBUTES Our Board represents a diverse and balanced mix of viewpoints, backgrounds, experience, skill sets and personal traits. Additional information about each director is provided in the biographies beginning on page 9 . Director Skills, Experiences and Attributes # of Directors Corporate Governance 7 Executive Leadership 9 Finance and Accounting 6 Global Business 8 Operations and Business Strategy 9 Public company board experience 6 Relevant industry experience 6 Public Policy/Trade 1 Corporate Responsibility/Sustainability 5 BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS Board Independence 8 of 9 directors are independent Each of the four Board Committees is composed exclusively of independent directors Independent Chairman of the Board Board Diversity 3 of 9 directors are women 2 of 9 directors are ethnically diverse Balanced director tenure Board composition represents diversity in gender, ethnicity, age, skill and experience Director Retirement Policy mandates retirement age Periodic Board refreshment including 3 new directors in the past 5 years Other Governance Best Practices All corporate governance documents are available on our website www.ball.com/investors under Corporate Governance Active Board and Management succession planning Robust and regularly reviewed Business Ethics Code of Conduct and Executive Officers and Directors Business Ethics Statement Rigorous compensation governance practices Comprehensive Enterprise Risk Management process Annual Board, Committee and individual director evaluations Periodic one-on-one meetings between the CEO and each individual director Engagement of outside compensation consultant Regular executive sessions with nonmanagement and independent directors Orientation training for all new directors and ongoing continuous education programs Board oversight of corporate social responsibility, ESG, sustainability, cybersecurity and diversity and inclusion initiatives Stock ownership guidelines for directors and executive officers Each Board Committee reviews its charter annually Frequent and regular shareholder engagement and outreach 6 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS Compensation Policies and Practices We adhere to sound practices and policies that advance the continuous improvement and accountability of our executive compensation program: our Human Resources Committee (the HR Committee ), composed entirely of independent directors, meets regularly with executives and senior management; an independent compensation consultant reports directly to the HR Committee; total compensation is reviewed via tally sheets; we externally benchmark compensation levels and incentive design practices; dividend equivalents for stock awards that accrue during the vesting and/or performance periods are paid only if vesting terms and/or performance measures are achieved; perquisites are nominal and are not grossed-up for taxes; the HR Committee continually assesses the relationship between risk and our compensation programs; we have anti-hedging and anti-pledging policies for our executives and directors; cash incentive and stock compensation (including service-based and performance-based) to any executive officer (current or former) or executive at the level of vice president or above is subject to a robust recoupment ( clawback ) policy, including a shareholder-approved clawback provision; our change-in-control agreements have multiples that do not exceed two times pay and require a termination of employment following a change in control ( double trigger ) before severance benefits are due; and excise tax gross-ups were eliminated in change-in- control agreements entered into after January 1, 2010 and do not apply to any currently employed executive officer. 2025 Target Total Compensation Mix Consistent with our pay-for-performance and management-as-owners philosophy, the majority of the target total compensation for our named executive officers is variable and at-risk based strictly on performance. The emphasis on longer term compensation, through performance-based stock awards, stock options and time-based restricted stock units, ensures a strong continued alignment between our executives and shareholder interests. 2025 AVERAGE CEO TARGET COMPENSATION 2025 AVERAGE OTHER NEO TARGET COMPENSATION BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS At Ball Corporation, we believe key qualities of a board member include vision, leadership, stewardship, knowledge, diligence, collegiality and discretion. Our directors have demonstrated their deep interest in and understanding of Ball s mission, the ability to see the big picture, the courage to set direction to achieve our goals, and the integrity to serve the interests and pursue the objectives of the organization, as well as the interests of our shareholders and our other stakeholders. The Board is composed of members with diverse qualifications and experience that support the company s business strategy and future business needs. DIRECTOR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE John A. Bryant Aaron M. Erter Ronald J. Lewis Cynthia A. Niekamp John E. Panichella Todd A. Penegor Cathy D. Ross Betty J. Sapp Stuart A. Taylor II # of 9 Directors Corporate Governance 7 Executive Leadership 9 Finance and Accounting 6 Global Business 8 Operations and Business Strategy 9 Public Company Board Experience 6 Relevant Industry Experience 6 Public Policy/Trade 1 Corporate Responsibility / Sustainability 5 Defined Skills and Experience Corporate Governance Deep understanding of public company board governance, legal and regulatory matters, compliance, business ethics, anti-competitive practices and risk management Executive Leadership Experience as a CEO or senior executive leader in a large global business Finance and Accounting Senior leadership experience with management or oversight responsibility for complex financial or accounting matters in a large complex business and experience to be qualified as an audit committee financial expert Global Business Experience overseeing complex global operations, expansion into emerging markets and exposure to diverse business environments and cultural perspectives Operations and Business Strategy Senior leadership experience in strategic planning, sales, marketing, strategic planning, product development, engineering or manufacturing operations Public Company Board Experience Experience serving on other public company boards, currently or in the past Relevant Industry Experience Experience in a senior leadership position in manufacturing or the consumer packaging industry Public Policy/Trade Experience as a senior leader with governmental, regulatory or policymaking responsibilities Corporate Responsibility/Sustainability Experience with management or oversight of sustainability initiatives, including environmental matters, workplace health and safety, human capital management or community relations 8 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DIRECTOR NOMINEES JOHN A. BRYANT AARON M. ERTER Independent Director since 2018 Age 60 COMMITTEES Audit Nominating/Corporate Governance CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Mr. Bryant was an executive at Kellogg Company for 20 years and was its Chief Executive Officer from January 2011 to September 2017. SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Bryant joined Kellogg Company in 1998 and held a variety of roles including Chief Financial Officer; President, North America; President, International; and Chief Operating Officer before becoming Chief Executive Officer in January 2011. He retired as Chairman of the Board in March 2018 and Chief Executive Officer in September 2017. In addition to his role on Ball s Board, Bryant serves as Chairman of the Board of Flutter PLC and is a Board member of Compass PLC and Coca-Cola Europacific Partners PLC. He has also served as a trustee of the W.K. Kellogg Foundation Trust, and on the Boards of Directors of Catalyst, The Consumer Goods Forum and Macy s Inc. Mr. Bryant has extensive knowledge and expertise in accounting and financial matters, branded consumer products and consumer dynamics, crisis management, international markets, people management, manufacturing and strategy, and strategic planning. Mr. Bryant currently serves on the audit committees of two other public companies, and our Board of Directors has determined that, given his extensive financial experience, such simultaneous service will not impair his ability to effectively serve on Ball s audit committee. Mr. Bryant s extensive experience as a senior executive at a leading U.S. based public company, including as its Chief Executive Officer for seven years, make him well qualified to serve as a director. Independent Director since 2024 Age 52 COMMITTEES Human Resources Nominating/Corporate Governance CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Mr. Erter has held the position of Chief Executive Officer of James Hardie since September 2022. A highly experienced executive, Mr. Erter possesses deep expertise in global, multi-billion dollar organizations in the consumer and industrial sectors. Specifically, he has built and managed high-performing teams, is proficient in profit and loss management, strategy development, product development, marketing, sales leadership and M A. Before coming to James Hardie, Mr. Erter served as Chief Executive Officer of PLZ Corp, a leader of specialty liquid and aerosol manufacturing. Mr. Erter s other career experiences include Sherwin-Williams, where he served as global president for Sherwin s Consumer and Industrial businesses, Valspar, where he was senior vice president and general manager of the company s Consumer business and 15 years at Stanley Black Decker where he held numerous leadership roles in sales and marketing for both the Black Decker and DEWALT Brands. Mr. Erter serves on the Board of Directors for Chicagoland Habitat for Humanity and on the Advisory Board for the Pro Football Hall of Fame. SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Erter holds a Bachelor of Economics from The Wharton School at The University of Pennsylvania and an MBA at The University of Notre Dame Mendoza College of Business. Mr. Erter s leadership roles, financial expertise and business experience make him well qualified to serve as a director. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Compass PLC Coca-Cola Europacific Partners PLC Flutter PLC OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS James Hardie Industries PLC BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE RONALD J. LEWIS CYNTHIA A. NIEKAMP Director since 2025 Age 59 COMMITTEES None CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Mr. Lewis has been the Chief Executive Officer of Ball Corporation and a member of the Board of Directors since November 2025; prior to his current role he was the Chief Supply Chain and Operations Officer from 2024 to 2025 responsible for supply chain and operations for all of the Company s lines of business ; from 2021 to 2024 he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Global Beverage Packaging at which time he was responsible for the commercial and operational performance of all beverage regions with all the regional presidents reporting to him ; from 2019 to 2020 he served as President, Beverage Packaging Europe, Middle East and Africa . Prior to joining Ball Corporation Mr. Lewis held various leadership positions at Coca Cola European Partners, Coca-Cola Enterprises, and The Coca-Cola Company. At Coca-Cola European Partners Mr. Lewis was the Chief Supply Chain Officer where he led international supply chain and logistics operations for the multi-national Coca-Cola bottler. SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Lewis holds a Master of Business Administration from Kellogg School of Management with a focus in the areas of operations, marketing and finance. He also holds a Bachelor s degree from Montana State University-Bozeman. Mr. Lewis s leadership roles, experience with large, complex, global organizations in the beverage industry and executive leadership experience, make him well qualified to serve as a director. Independent Director since 2016 Age 66 COMMITTEES Finance Human Resources CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Ms. Niekamp is a former senior executive of PPG Industries, Inc., having served from 2009 to 2016 as Senior Vice President of Automotive Coatings. Prior to that, she was President and General Manager of TorqTransfer Systems at BorgWarner Inc.; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at MeadWestvaco Corporation (now WestRock Company); and held various leadership roles at TRW, Inc. and General Motors Corporation. SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Ms. Niekamp joined PPG in 2009 as vice president of automotive coatings and was promoted to senior vice president in 2010. She had responsibility for a multi-billion revenue business with operations across 15 countries and more than 6,000 employees. She also served as a member of the PPG operating committee until her retirement in 2016. While at PPG, Ms. Niekamp implemented a strategy to improve the financial performance of the business unit and to double its revenues. She also led growth into emerging countries, diversified the customer base and pursued strategic acquisitions. Previously, Ms. Niekamp served as president and general manager of BorgWarner s TorqTransfer Systems division, a supplier of four-wheel drive systems to major automakers. In addition, Ms. Niekamp served in various executive roles for MeadWestvaco Corporation, including chief financial officer and vice president, corporate strategy, and has previously served on four other publicly traded company boards. Ms. Niekamp s extensive management and public company board experience makes her well qualified to serve as a director. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS None OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS PACCAR, Inc. 10 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE JOHN E. PANICHELLA TODD A. PENEGOR Independent Director since 2025 Age 67 COMMITTEES Audit Finance CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Mr. Panichella is the Chief Executive Officer of Solenis, a leading global provider of water and hygiene solutions for consumer, commercial and industrial markets. Mr. Panichella was chosen to lead Solenis in 2014 when the Ashland Water Technologies division was renamed and separated from Ashland Inc. Mr. Panichella served as the President of Ashland Water Technologies and Senior Vice President of Ashland Inc. from 2013 to 2014. During Mr. Panichella s tenure at Ashland Inc., he held several senior leadership positions including Group Operating Officer of Ashland Specialty Ingredients and Ashland Water Technologies from 2012 to 2013, President of Ashland Specialty Ingredients from 2008 to 2012, and President of Ashland Aqualon Functional Ingredients from 2006 to 2008. SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Under Mr. Panichella s guidance, Solenis has grown organically and through a series of M A transactions. Since 2014, he has led the global expansion from 3,500 employees and 30 manufacturing facilities operating in 118 countries to 23,000 employees and 78 manufacturing facilities operating in 160 countries. Mr. Panichella also led Solenis through the merger with NCH Corporation in November 2025; the $4.6 billion acquisition of Diversey Holdings in 2023, and a merger with BASF s paper and water chemical business in 2019, adding $4 billion in pro forma sales to Solenis business. Mr. Panichella has more than 40 years of experience in the global water industry. He is a member of the Board of Directors of the American Chemistry Council and the European Chemical Industry Council. Mr. Panichella holds a master s degree in business administration from the University of Phoenix and a bachelor s degree in chemistry from the University of Pittsburgh. Mr. Panichella s experience leading and operating complex global businesses and ability to bring innovation and growth to Solenis as CEO, make him well qualified to serve as a director. Independent Director since 2019 Age 60 COMMITTEES Audit Human Resources CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Mr. Penegor is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Papa Johns. Prior to this, he was the President and Chief Executive Officer of The Wendy s Company. He served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 2013 and named President and Chief Executive Officer in 2016 until February 2024. Prior to joining Wendy s, Mr. Penegor held a series of key leadership roles at Kellogg Company and Ford Motor Company. SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Mr. Penegor has extensive experience as an executive in the food products and consumer goods industries. He joined Papa Johns International in August 2024 as President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining Papa Johns, he served as President and CEO and Chief Financial Officer of The Wendy s Company. Prior to joining The Wendy s Company, Mr. Penegor worked at Kellogg Company, a global leader in food products, from 2000 to 2013 where he held several key leadership positions. Mr. Penegor also worked for 12 years at Ford Motor Company in various positions, including in strategy, mergers and acquisitions, the controller s office and treasury. In addition to his role on the board at Ball, Mr. Penegor also serves on the Board of Dutch Bros. He also serves on the board of trustees of the Papa Johns Foundation. Mr. Penegor holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting and a Master of Business Administration in finance from Michigan State University. Mr. Penegor s extensive experience as a senior executive at leading U.S. based public companies, including as the former Chief Executive Officer of The Wendy s Company, make him well qualified to serve as a director. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS None OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Papa Johns International Dutch Bros BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CATHY D. ROSS BETTY J. SAPP Independent Director since 2017 Age 68 COMMITTEES Audit Nominating/Corporate Governance CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Ms. Ross was Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, FedEx Express from 2010 until her retirement in July 2014. Prior to that, Ms. Ross was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of FedEx Express from 2004 until 2010; and Vice President, Express Financial Planning from 1998 to 2004. SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE As CFO and Executive Vice President of FedEx Express, Ms. Ross was responsible for the company s worldwide financial affairs, including financial planning, reporting and analysis, accounting and controls, global financial service centers, business technology, and long-range strategic planning. She was a member of the FedEx Express executive committee which was comprised of the company s top executives and actively engaged in all major business decisions. Ms. Ross 30-year career with FedEx began in 1984 as a senior financial analyst, and she held roles of increasing responsibility with exposure to all areas of the company during her tenure at FedEx. Prior to joining FedEx, Ms. Ross worked for Kimberly-Clark Corporation in cost analysis and for a subsidiary of Proctor Gamble. She holds a master s degree in business administration with concentration in finance from the University of Memphis and a bachelor s degree in accounting from Christian Brothers University in Memphis. Ms. Ross has extensive experience serving on public company boards, including her most recent service on the Board of Steelcase, Inc. from 2006 through December 2025. Ms. Ross s leadership roles, experience with a large, complex, global organization, financial and executive leadership and experience, as well as service on other public company boards make her well qualified to serve as a director. Independent Director since 2019 Age 70 COMMITTEES Finance Human Resources CAREER HIGHLIGHTS Ms. Sapp joined the National Reconnaissance Office (NRO), a joint Department of Defense Intelligence Community organization, in 1997 and was named the first woman to serve as director of the NRO in 2012. During her time at the NRO, she successfully led the effort to the first clean independent audit for the IC. After serving as the 18th director of the NRO, Ms. Sapp retired in June 2019. Prior to working at the NRO, Ms. Sapp was Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Portfolio, Programs and Resources in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. She also spent several years at the Central Intelligence Agency after (CIA) after spending the earlier part of her career as an officer of the United States Air Force. SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Ms. Sapp served in a variety of strategic leadership roles at the NRO and within the U.S. government. In 2009, Ms. Sapp was appointed the Principal Deputy Director of the NRO. She was then appointed Director of the NRO in 2012. At both the CIA and NRO, she obtained valuable experience in cybersecurity and related areas. Ms. Sapp also served in the United States Air Force for 17 years in various acquisition and financial management positions on space and aircraft systems. Ms. Sapp holds a bachelor s degree in biological sciences, magna cum laude, from the University of Missouri and a master s degree in business administration from the University of Missouri- Columbia. Ms. Sapp is Level III certified in government acquisition and was certified as a defense financial manager. Ms. Sapp s leadership experience and extensive government, cybersecurity and defense expertise make her well qualified to serve as a director. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS None OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS None 12 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STUART A. TAYLOR II Independent Director since 1999 Chairman of the Board since 2025 Age 65 COMMITTEES Human Resources Nominating/Corporate Governance CAREER HIGHLIGHT Mr. Taylor has been the Chief Executive Officer, The Taylor Group LLC, Chicago, Illinois, since June 2001; he was also Senior Managing Director, Bear, Stearns Co. Inc., Chicago, Illinois, 1999 to 2001. SPECIFIC QUALIFICATIONS, ATTRIBUTES, SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE Prior to starting his own private equity firm, Mr. Taylor spent 19 years in investment banking. The majority of that time was spent at Morgan Stanley in its Corporate Finance Department. In that capacity he executed a number of mergers and acquisitions and financings . He also spent time at several other firms including Bear Stearns where he was a Senior Managing Director and Head of the Chicago office. In 2001, Mr. Taylor established The Taylor Group LLC, of which he is Chief Executive Officer, a successful investment company that primarily invests in small to mid-market businesses. Mr. Taylor has served on the Board of Directors of Ball since 1999, acted as our Presiding Director from 2004 to 2008, was elected Lead Independent Director in 2019 and Chairman of the Board in 2025. Mr. Taylor s extensive experience as an investment banker, entrepreneurial investor and Board member make him well qualified to serve as a director and Chairman of the Board. OTHER CURRENT PUBLIC COMPANY BOARDS Atmus Filtrations Technologies Inc. Wabash National BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BOARD LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE On November 10, 2025 the Board adopted a leadership structure that separated the roles of the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer and elected Mr. Taylor to serve as the Non-executive Board Chairman. The separation of the Board Chairman and CEO positions will allow Mr. Lewis, to focus on managing the day-to-day operations of the business while allowing Mr. Taylor to manage the Board s oversight and governance functions. Mr. Taylor has been a member of the Board of Directors since 1999 and, prior to his appointment as Chairman of the Board, Mr. Taylor served as the Lead Independent Director and the Chair of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee. The Board believes that Mr. Taylor s leadership experience on the Board places him in the best position for leading the Board in its oversight of the Company s strategic initiatives and achievement of its objectives. As the Non-executive Chairman of the Board, Mr. Taylor is able to: set the agenda of and preside over Board meetings; focus the Board on the strategic priorities and risks of the business; facilitate communication between the Board and management; coordinate the activities of the independent directors, including calling meetings and chairing executive sessions of the independent directors; oversee the CEO performance evaluation succession process; oversee board evaluation effectiveness reviews; and participate in shareholder engagement activities. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Majority Independent Board The Board has adopted a director independence policy that is consistent with the director independence requirements in the NYSE Listing Standards. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a majority of the Board must be independent. Based upon the NYSE director independence standards, each of the members of the Board was and currently is independent with the exception of Mr. Lewis. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation The Human Resources Committee performs the functions of a standing compensation committee and is comprised of independent members in accordance with the requirements of the NYSE Listing Standards. No member of the Human Resources Committee has ever been an officer or employee of the company, and no member has had any relationship with the company that requires disclosure in accordance with the applicable SEC rules relating to compensation committee interlocks and insider participation. BALANCED BOARD COMPOSITION Board Refreshment We believe our current Board of Directors benefits from a combination of recently added directors with fresh perspectives and longer-serving directors with extensive experience and a deep understanding of our business. Over the past several years, a number of Directors have retired, bringing opportunities to enhance the composition of our Board. The composition of the Board has been refreshed with an eye toward financial, organizational and industry expertise, and other important factors. Key highlights of our Board refreshment journey include: 3 of 9 directors have joined the Board in the past 5 years the election of Mr. Taylor as Independent Chairman of the Board in November 2025 the average age of our directors is 63 years the average tenure of our directors is 8 years 14 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The current Board is well balanced, with a mix of long- standing and newer directors. Diversity In considering candidates for Board positions, our Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee reviews individuals with diverse background and skills. Our directors differing viewpoints, experience and skill sets have contributed to a talented and capable Board that reflects Ball s overall diversity. The Committee will continue to identify opportunities to improve the skills, qualifications, independence, diversity, tenure and refreshment of our Board in considering candidates. In addition to seeking characteristics such as business and professional experience, education and skills, the Committee s robust review process considers a variety of other factors, including diversity of background. How We Select Nominees All of our directors are elected annually. Our Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee recommends candidates for nomination by our Board. Candidates may also be submitted by current directors, by management, or (as described below) by shareholders. Candidates nominated by our Board are assessed and interviewed by the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee and by other Board members, considering the values and needs of the organization. The Committee seeks candidates who meet, at a minimum, the following criteria: have sufficient time to attend or otherwise be present at Board, relevant Board committee, and shareholders meetings; will subscribe to Ball Corporation s Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Executive Officers and Directors Business Ethics Statement; demonstrate credentials and experience in a broad range of corporate matters; have diversity of experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that would complement the experience already represented on the Board; are not affiliated with special interest groups that represent causes or constituents that are inconsistent with the purpose or objectives of the company; and meet the criteria, if any, for being a director as set forth in the Indiana Business Corporation Law, Ball s Articles of Incorporation, and Bylaws. Where needed, our recruiting practices ensure that candidates meet the NYSE and SEC requirements for financial literacy, accounting or financial management expertise, or audit committee financial expert status. BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee will consider candidates recommended by shareholders no later than November 17, 2026. Any recommendation from a shareholder should be in writing and addressed to: The Chair of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Ball Corporation c/o Corporate Secretary 9200 W. 108 th Circle Westminster, Colorado 80021 Retirement Policy Ball has a mandatory retirement age for all Board members, in part to ensure the Board benefits from a balanced mix of perspectives. Candidates will not be nominated, and existing directors may not seek re-election, after they reach the age of 75. 16 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE RISK OVERSIGHT Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the risk management function and enterprise risk management. Additionally, each Board committee considers the specific risks within its area of responsibility. In particular, the Audit Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing key aspects of financial and legal risk management; and the Nominating/ Corporate Governance Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing sustainability matters, including environmental, social and governance, IT and cybersecurity risks. Key Responsibilities of the Board Oversight of Risk Business Strategy Succession Planning Monitor the Company s compliance with Internal Controls Oversee the Company s annual audit and quarterly reviews Review the Company s Enterprise Risk Management Program Oversee the Company s strategic plan and annual operating plan Approve significant capital expenditures and investments Approve the Company s share repurchase authorization Oversee succession planning and talent development of executive leadership Oversee the Company s compensation strategy and practices Manage Board refreshment and monitor the Board s performance Key Responsibilities of Management Risk Management Business Execution Implement the Company s Enterprise Risk Management Program Develop plans, programs and strategies to manage and mitigate the Company s business risks Foster the Company s culture of Ethics and Compliance Monitor and execute the Company s internal controls, legal, regulatory and compliance obligations Execute the Company s strategic plans and annual operating plan as approved by the Board Leverage the Company s assets, resources and opportunities to grow the business and maximize shareholder value Develop innovative sustainable solutions to serve the needs of the Company s customers Hire, retain and motivate the Company s workforce to advance the Company s objectives Enterprise Risk Management Our Enterprise Risk Management process is designed to ensure ongoing attention to various potential risk areas, and is supervised by our Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, with annual reporting to and oversight by our Board. Key corporate and divisional risks are systematically identified and assessed on a regular basis. In addition, our Internal Audit Department conducts regular audits of the company s internal controls and business processes , and provides risk assessments and analyses to our Audit Committee. The Board recognizes the importance of maintaining the trust and confidence of our customers, suppliers and employees. Ball has a dedicated, globally distributed information security team that is responsible for leading information security strategy, standards and processes. The internal team partners closely with a strong network of external partners, including conducting annual external audits. Ball also maintains cybersecurity insurance for significant portions of the business. The head of information security keeps the Board fully informed of information security matters with an annual update and timely reports on any important information security events. We believe our directors provide effective oversight of risk management through the Board s regular dialogue with management, the Enterprise Risk Management process, annual Board and Committee self-evaluations, and regular assessments of specific risks by each Board committee within its area of responsibility. In addition, the Board maintains effective independent oversight of Ball s management and business generally through a number of governance practices, including open and direct communication with management, input on meeting agendas, annual performance evaluations, and regular executive sessions. BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BOARD AND COMMITTEE SELF-EVALUATIONS The Board annually conducts a robust self-evaluation process to assess the effectiveness of the Board, its committees and individual directors to make recommendations regarding its organization and operation. The self-evaluation process includes the collection of director feedback through an anonymous written survey, through discussions among the directors in executive sessions led by the Board s independent Chairman and through one-on-one meetings between the Board Chairman and each director. In 2025 the Board Chairman conducted one-on-one meetings with each director to discuss the evaluations, director performance and other matters raised by the directors. The evaluation process is reviewed every year to ensure it remains relevant and effective. DIRECTOR TRAINING The Board is focused on onboarding of new directors, Board education, and team building to preserve the Board s cohesive, professional and collaborative environment. All new directors receive orientation training soon after being elected to the Board. Continuing education programs are made available to directors including internal presentations, third-party presentations and external programs. BOARD MEETINGS The Board meets regularly at least five times per year. The directors are expected to attend all meetings of the Board, relevant committee meetings, and the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Board held six Board meetings during 2025. Every director attended more than 75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board, and the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which the director served. All directors on the Board attended the 2025 Annual Meeting. Nonmanagement directors meet as a separate group at each regularly scheduled Board of Directors meeting. Independent directors meet in executive session at each board meeting. Such meetings promote open discussion by independent directors, enabling them to serve as a check on management. SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT Every year we engage our institutional investors to discuss our shareholders priorities. In 2025 our management team met with over 100 shareholders throughout the year and discussed a number of topics, including the Ball Operational Excellence and Ball Commercial Excellence initiatives. Shareholder feedback was positive. Contacting Our Board Shareholders or others can send written communications to the Board, to individual directors, to Board committees, or to the Chairman of the Board. All such communications should be sent in care of the Corporate Secretary as shown below: Ball Corporation Attention: Corporate Secretary 9200 W. 108 th Circle Westminster, Colorado 80021 Ball has established additional means for interested parties to send communications to the Board and selected committees, which are described on our website at www.ball.com/investors under Corporate Governance. Shareholder proposals for inclusion in our proxy materials must be communicated as described below under Voting and Meeting information Shareholder Proposals for 2027 Annual Meeting. 18 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP BOARD COMMITTEES The Board has four standing committees, as shown below. All of the directors serving on the Board s committees are independent. Each committee operates under a written charter that is available on our website at www.ball.com/investors under Corporate Governance. COMMITTEES Director Independent Audit Finance Human Resources Nominating / Corporate Governance John A. Bryant Yes Aaron M. Erter Yes Ronald J. Lewis No Cynthia A. Niekamp Yes John E. Panichella Yes Todd A. Penegor Yes Cathy D. Ross Yes Betty J. Sapp Yes Stuart A. Taylor II Yes (1) Michael J. Cave and Dune E. Ives are not standing for reelection. In 2025 Cave was a member of the Audit and Finance committees and Ives was a member of the Finance and Nominating/Corporate Governance committees . Board Chair Committee Chair Committee Member Audit Committee Financial Expert BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AUDIT COMMITTEE MEMBERS Cathy D. Ross John A. Bryant Michael J. Cave John E. Panichella Todd A. Penegor MEETINGS IN FISCAL 2025 The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate as required by the NYSE Listing Standards, has accounting or financial management expertise, and Bryant, Cave, Penegor and Ross are audit committee financial experts as that term is defined in SEC regulations. AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT The Report of the Audit Committee appears on page 67 of this Proxy Statement. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES The primary purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities to oversee management s conduct and the integrity of Ball s public financial reporting process, including the oversight of: accounting policies; the system of internal accounting controls over financial reporting; disclosure controls and procedures; the performance of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Ball s independent registered public accounting firm (the independent auditor ); the Internal Audit Department; and legal and regulatory compliance. The Audit Committee is also responsible for: engaging and evaluating Ball s independent auditor and its lead engagement partner, including the qualifications and independence of both; resolving any differences between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting; reviewing and preapproving all audit and non-audit services provided by the independent auditor; and establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters. FINANCE COMMITTEE MEMBERS Cynthia A. Niekamp Michael J. Cave Dune E. Ives John E. Panichella Betty J. Sapp MEETINGS IN FISCAL 2025 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES The primary purpose of the Finance Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibility to oversee: Ball s financing and related risk management activities; the status of Ball s retirement plans and insurance policies; Ball s policies relating to interest rates, commodity hedging and currency hedging; and the hiring of experts, as deemed appropriate to advise the Committee in the performance of its duties. The Finance Committee is also responsible for: recommending to the Board omnibus share repurchase authorizations; and recommending to the Board the amount and timing of dividends. 20 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE MEMBERS Todd A. Penegor Aaron M. Erter Cynthia A. Niekamp Betty J. Sapp Stuart A. Taylor II MEETINGS IN FISCAL 2025 HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE REPORT The Report of the Human Resources Committee appears on page 43 of this Proxy Statement. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES The primary purpose of the Human Resources Committee is to assist the Board with input from executive management in fulfilling its responsibilities related to: determining the compensation of the CEO and overseeing and approving the compensation of the other executive officers; approving Ball s stock and cash incentive compensation programs including awards to executive officers and the number of shares to be optioned and/or granted from time to time to Ball employees; approving and receiving reports on major benefit plans, plan changes and determinations and discontinuations of benefit plans; discussing Ball s performance evaluation system and succession planning system, including discussions with the CEO about the succession plan for the CEO; hiring experts, including executive compensation consultants, as deemed appropriate to advise the HR Committee; management over independent compensation consultant; assessing compensation-related risks; and authorizing the administration of compensation programs and the filing of required reports with federal, state and local governmental agencies. NOMINATING/CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE MEMBERS Stuart A. Taylor John A. Bryant Aaron M. Erter Dune E. Ives Cathy D. Ross MEETINGS IN FISCAL 2025 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES The primary purpose of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibility to: identify qualified individuals to become Board members; recommend to the Board the selection of Board nominees for the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders; address the independence and effectiveness of the Board by advising and making recommendations on matters involving the organization and operation of the Board, Corporate Governance Guidelines and directorship practices; oversee the evaluation of the Board and its committees; and review and assess Ball s sustainability activities and performance, including environmental, social and corporate governance risk. BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GUIDELINES The Board has established Corporate Governance Guidelines to comply with the relevant provisions of Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on our website at www.ball.com/investors under Corporate Governance. A copy of the guidelines may also be obtained upon request from Ball s Corporate Secretary. POLICIES ON BUSINESS ETHICS AND CONDUCT Our long-standing Corporate Compliance function, which is chaired by the Global Head of Compliance. The Chief Legal Officer or Global Head of Compliance provides quarterly reports to management and to the Audit Committee. The Corporate Compliance function monitors compliance with the Business Ethics Code of Conduct and regularly reviews and updates the Code. The Business Ethics Code of Conduct is available on our website at www.ball.com/investors under Corporate Governance . The Board has adopted a business ethics statement, the Ball Corporation Executive Officers and Directors Business Ethics Statement, which is designed to establish principles requiring the highest level of ethical behavior towards achieving business success within the requirements of the law and our policies. The Business Ethics Code of Conduct and the Executive Officers and Directors Business Ethics Statement are available on our website at www.ball.com/investors under Corporate Governance. Copies may also be obtained upon request from Ball s Corporate Secretary. 22 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The table below summarizes the 2025 compensation paid to each of our nonmanagement directors. The elements of the nonmanagement director compensation program are evaluated and determined by the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, which takes into account market data provided by the independent external compensation consultant. Updates for the program were approved for 2025 by the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee to reflect the changes in Ball s business and compensation strategy and to ensure improved market alignment. Changes included removing the incentive cash retainer and increasing the fixed cash retainer and increasing the Committee Chair fees in line with market. Following the separation of the Board Chair role from the CEO role and the appointment of Stuart A. Taylor II as Board Chair on November 10, 2025, a cash retainer for the Chair of the Board was introduced. As a result, the 2025 director compensation program consisted of: Annual Compensation ($) Fixed cash retainer $ 125,000 Annual Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) award $ 175,000 Chair of the Board additional cash retainer (1) $ 240,000 Lead Independent Director additional cash retainer (1) $ 40,000 Audit Committee Chair additional cash retainer $ 25,000 Human Resources Committee Chair additional cash retainer $ 25,000 Finance Committee Chair additional cash retainer $ 20,000 Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Chair additional cash retainer $ 20,000 Special meeting or assignment fee (per meeting or assignment) $ 750 (1) The Lead Independent Director additional cash retainer applied up to November 9, 2025 and the Chair of the Board additional cash retainer applied from November 10, 2025. On joining the Board, newly elected directors are awarded a pro-rated annual RSU award, reflecting the period of service from joining until the next scheduled annual award is granted. Nonmanagement directors may be able to defer certain portions of their compensation as detailed under Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation. The Director Compensation Table sets out the compensation earned for 2025, with any other compensation payments noted. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) Option Awards ($) Change in Pension Value and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) (3)(4) Total ($) John A. Bryant $ 125,000 $ 174,986 $ $ $ 20,250 $ 320,236 Michael J. Cave $ 145,000 $ 174,986 $ $ $ 20,250 $ 340,236 Aaron Erter $ 125,000 $ 174,986 $ $ $ $ 299,986 Dune Ives $ 125,000 $ 174,986 $ $ $ 22,825 $ 322,811 Pedro H. Mariani (5) $ 41,552 $ $ $ $ $ 41,552 Cynthia Niekamp $ 125,000 $ 174,986 $ $ $ $ 299,986 John E. Panichella $ 21,399 $ 87,251 $ $ $ $ 108,649 Todd A. Penegor $ 150,000 $ 174,986 $ $ $ 17,228 $ 342,214 Cathy D. Ross $ 150,000 $ 174,986 $ $ $ 25,250 $ 350,236 Betty Sapp $ 125,000 $ 174,986 $ $ $ $ 299,986 Stuart A. Taylor II $ 213,261 $ 174,986 $ $ $ 20,600 $ 408,847 BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (1) Values represent fees for fixed annual cash retainer, Board Chair retainer, Lead Independent Director retainer and committee chair retainers paid under the nonmanagement director compensation program. Mr. Panichella received a pro-rated amount of his fixed annual cash retainer due to joining the Board on October 30, 2025. Mr. Mariani received a pro-rated amount of his fixed annual cash retainer due to retiring from the Board on April 30, 2025. (2) Reflects the fair value of RSU awards granted to nonmanagement directors in 2025, calculated in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ( Topic 718 ). All continuing nonmanagement directors received an annual award of 3,369 RSUs, using the closing price of Ball s common stock on April 30, 2025, at $51.94 per unit, resulting in a total award value of $174,986 for each director who was elected at the Annual Shareholders Meeting held on April 30, 2025. Mr. Panichella, who joined the Board on October 30, 2025, received a pro-rated award of 1,833 RSUs upon joining the Board, using the closing price of the Corporation s common stock on November 14, 2025, at $47.60 per unit, resulting in a total award value of $87,251. (3) Values include the 20% company match, up to a maximum of $20,000 annually, available under the 2017 Deferred Compensation Company Stock Plan for Directors as described under Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation for Mr. Bryant, Mr. Cave, Ms. Ives, Mr. Penegor, Ms. Ross, and Mr. Taylor. Values also include Company matching charitable donations under the Matching Gifts Program for Directors for Mr. Penegor and Mses. Ives and Ross. Values also include the incremental cost of the personal use of the corporate aircraft for Mr. Taylor. (4) The incremental costs of the personal use of our corporate aircraft are determined based on the variable operating costs to the Corporation, including aircraft operating costs, supplies, jet fuel and ancillary costs. Because virtually all aircraft usage is for business travel, this methodology excludes fixed costs that do not change based on usage. (5) Mr. Mariani did not stand for reelection at the 2025 Annual Shareholders Meeting and retired from the Board on April 30, 2025. Name Aggregate Number of Outstanding Stock Awards as of December 31, 2025 John A. Bryant 13,425 Michael J. Cave 36,309 Aaron Erter 3,369 Dune Ives 5,052 Cynthia Niekamp 29,313 John E. Panichella (1) 1,833 Todd A. Penegor 9,462 Cathy D. Ross 17,743 Betty Sapp 10,667 Stuart A. Taylor II 182,025 (1) Mr. Panichella joined the Board on October 30, 2025. 24 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS BOARD AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES All nonmanagement directors are in compliance with our stock ownership guidelines. Each director is required to own Ball common stock valued at five times the total amount of their fixed annual cash retainer and has five years from the date of their election to meet this requirement. Stock which counts for this purpose is stock beneficially owned by the director or their spouse. As of February 27, 2026, Mr. Erter, who joined the Board in June 2024, and Mr. Panichella, who joined the Board in October 2025 are in the process of attaining the required shares within the prescribed timeframe. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS, PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS We have adopted a policy requiring our executive officers and directors to comply with all SEC and NYSE requirements, concerning transactions between us and related persons, as defined in the applicable SEC and NYSE rules. To facilitate compliance with the related persons policy, the Board adopted procedures for the review, approval or ratification of any transaction required to be reported under the applicable rules. The policy provides that each executive officer and director will promptly report to the Chairman of the Board any transaction with Ball undertaken or contemplated by such officer or director, by any beneficial owner of 5% or more of Ball s voting securities or by any immediate family member. The Chairman of the Board will refer any such transaction to the Chief Legal Officer for review and recommendation. Then the matter will be brought to the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee to consider whether the transaction in question should be approved, ratified, suspended, revoked or terminated. This policy for transactions with related persons is part of the Executive Officers and Directors Business Ethics Statement. The written form of the policy can be found at www.ball.com/investors under Corporate Governance. Any contractual or other relationships between Ball and other companies on whose boards our directors serve are arm s length. In September and November 2024, the Company entered into two statements of work for consulting services to be provided by G2M Insights pursuant to a Master Services Agreement entered into on April 6, 2020. The total cost of the consulting services provided in 2025 was $3,983,271.05. At the time that the Company entered into the statements of work, Jason Pitre, the spouse of Kathleen Pitre, senior vice president and president of Beverage Packaging, North and Central America, was an independent contractor at G2M Insights. Mr. Pitre s work with G2M Insights is unrelated to the services provided to the Company and he was not involved in the engagement or delivery of services to the Company. BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS CD A TABLE OF CONTENTS 26 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 27 Executive Summary 27 Ball is Committed to Shareholder-Oriented Corporate Governance 28 Our Compensation Philosophy 28 Business Outcomes in 2025 28 NEO Compensation Has A Strong Pay-for- Performance Linkage 30 Elements of Executive Compensation in 2025 31 Role of the Human Resources Committee and Executive Compensation Consultant 31 Market Reference Points and Peer Groups 32 Process for Determining Executive Compensation 33 Summary of Changes Made to 2025 Executive Compensation 34 Specifics Related to 2025 Executive Compensation 40 Other Equity Awards 41 Other Executive Compensation Policies and Guidelines 43 REPORT OF THE HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 44 COMPENSATION TABLES AND NARRATIVE 44 Summary Compensation Table 46 All Other Compensation Table 46 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 48 Outstanding Equity Awards Table 49 Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table 49 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plans Table 51 Pension Benefits Table 53 Other Potential Post-Employment Benefits 60 CEO Pay Ratio 60 Pay Versus Performance 63 Equity Compensation Plan Information 26 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION EXECUTIVE SUMMARY This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) describes Ball Corporation s business strategy and the alignment between our business strategy, shareholder interests, and our pay-for-performance executive compensation programs. We also discuss the specific compensation paid or awarded in 2025 to our named executive officers ( NEOs ). NEO Age Title Ronald J. Lewis 59 CEO (1) Daniel W. Fisher 53 Former Chairman CEO (2) Daniel J. Rabbitt 57 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (3) Howard H. Yu 54 Former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (4) Carey S. Causey 48 Senior Vice President, Chief Growth Officer Hannah S. Lim-Johnson 54 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Scott A. Vail 48 Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Operations Officer (5) (1) Mr. Lewis was appointed as the company s CEO and a member of the Board effective November 10, 2025. The Chair of the Board role was split from the CEO role , and Mr. Taylor was appointed Chair of the Board effective November 10, 2025. (2) Mr. Fisher stepped down from his position as Chairman and CEO effective November 10, 2025 and as a member of the Board effective November 18, 2025. (3) Mr. Rabbitt was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer effective June 30, 2025 and then Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective November 10, 2025. (4) Mr. Yu stepped down from his position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective June 30, 2025. (5) Mr. Vail rejoined Ball on December 5, 2025 as Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Operations Officer, having previously been employed by Ball for nearly 4 years. Ball Is Committed to Shareholder-Oriented Corporate Governance Ball Corporation s governance process ensures that our executive compensation program is maintained and updated to continually reflect excellence in pay-for-performance alignment. We follow a number of practices and policies to promote the continuous improvement and accountability of our executive compensation program. COMPENSATION BEST PRACTICES Decisions are made by the HR Committee of the Board, which is composed entirely of independent directors; An independent executive compensation consultant is engaged by and reports directly to the HR Committee; The HR Committee reviews total compensation using tally sheets; Compensation levels and incentive design practices are benchmarked against industry peers; Dividend equivalents for stock awards accrue during the vesting or performance period are paid only if the associated vesting terms or performance measures are achieved; Nominal perquisites are not grossed-up for taxes; We regularly assess the relationship between risk and our compensation programs; Our executives are subject to meaningful stock ownership guidelines; Our executives are prohibited from hedging or pledging their Ball Corporation stock; Cash incentive and stock compensation (including service-based and performance-based) to any executive officer (current or former) or executive at the level of vice president or above is subject to a robust recoupment ( clawback ) policy, including a shareholder-approved clawback provision; and Change-in-control agreements have multiples that do not exceed two times pay and require a termination of employment following a change in control ( double trigger ) before severance benefits are due. There are no excise tax gross ups. The HR Committee is confident that our executive compensation program, our management-as-owners culture, and our pay-for-performance philosophy have directly contributed to the successful performance of the business and resulted in an executive team closely aligned with shareholder interests during 2025. BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Our Compensation Philosophy Our compensation program is designed to accomplish several goals: to foster a pay-for-performance and management-as-owners culture which aligns the interests of management with shareholders; to deliver on strategic objectives and results; to provide competitive and reasonable compensation opportunities; and to support recruitment and retention of key executives. Balancing these objectives helps ensure accountability to our shareholders, who have broadly expressed support for our compensation program through regular engagements and an average 93% advisory vote in favor of NEO compensation over the last three years. We believe that offering several compensation elements that incorporate multiple absolute and relative performance metrics and measurement periods promotes our compensation goals. Business Outcomes in 2025 Ball has a long-held economic value added (EVA) discipline, with the business and strategic initiatives being consistently measured through an EVA lens. EVA is sales less operating costs ( NOPAT or net operating profit after-tax) less a cost of capital charge. For a long period of time, we have continuously sought to increase the total EVA generated each year, thereby creating sustainable shareholder value. With a focus on earning returns higher than the cost of capital, we have encouraged our leaders to make the best long-term decisions for our shareholders; to invest in innovation, technology and infrastructure capital to drive profitable growth; intelligently cut costs by implementing lean initiatives and process efficiencies; undertake focused outsourcing efforts; and seek to turn working capital faster or reduce working capital and assets. Some of the actions taken in 2025 to enhance long-term EVA, enhance our ability to serve our customers and drive the economic and environmental sustainability of our company include: returning over $1.54 billion of value to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends; delivering on our strategic growth algorithm and generating record comparable diluted earnings per share for the corporation; strengthening our North American aluminum beverage packaging platform through the acquisition of the Florida Can business, enabling us to optimize our network, enhance service to key customers, and support long-term growth across the region; completing the joint venture of the aluminum cup business which aims to unlock growth, improve financial performance, and place the business in a structure better suited to scale it; announcing the acquisition of the Benepack businesses in Belgium and Hungary, strengthening our capacity in EMEA and positioning the region for further growth; achieving a Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) of 0.98, exceeding safety targets and continuing our work on ambitious 2030 ESG and sustainability goals, including making progress towards, recycled content goals and our Climate Transition Plan; supporting our global communities where we live and operate with employees supporting over 1,100 nonprofit organizations across 32 countries and contributing over 24,000 volunteer hours; and receiving AAA MSCI ESG status, ISS Prime rating, as well as an A- for CDP Climate and maintaining Ball s Aluminum Stewardship Initiative (ASI) certifications globally. The strategic actions we took in 2025 reflect our commitment to long-term shareholder value creation. The foundation we are building, through growing volumes, improving robustness of cash flow, increasing EVA dollars and ensuring significant capital returns, positions us to drive sustained value for shareholders in the years ahead. NEO Compensation Has a Strong Pay-for-Performance Linkage Consistent with our pay-for-performance and management-as-owners philosophy, most of the target total compensation for our named executive officers is at-risk and varies with performance, with performance being measured by a number of absolute and relative measures, each of which drive shareholder value, as well as individual key strategic objectives. The following charts represent the mix of target total compensation awarded to our CEO and other NEOs in 2025. Our emphasis on longer-term compensation, through performance-based stock awards, stock options and time-based restricted stock units, ensures strong continued alignment between the interests of our executives and the interests of our shareholders. 28 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2025 AVERAGE CEO TARGET COMPENSATION 2025 AVERAGE OTHER NEO TARGET COMPENSATION BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Elements of Executive Compensation in 2025 The major elements of Ball s compensation program for NEO s in 2025 are shown in the table below, with the page number to find more information: Compensation Compensation Element Purpose Performance Measure(s) Alignment with our Compensation Philosophy Page SHORT-TERM ANNUAL CASH COMPENSATION Annual Base Salary Fixed element of pay based on an individual s primary duties and responsibilities Market competitive position-based pay reflecting skills, experience and performance Competitive compensation element required to recruit and retain top executive talent 34 Short Term Incentive Plan ( STI ) Designed to reward achievement of specified annual corporate financial goals and individual goals 80% weighting on Business Performance metrics, comprised of: 60% Adjusted Operating Cash Flow; and 20% Unit Volume Growth 20% weighting: Individual Performance Objectives (IPOs) Incentive linked to Ball s business strategy and key strategic priorities for each NEO. Demonstrates pay for performance, drives shareholder value and a continued focus on strategic priorities as well as functional and regional objectives 35 LONG-TERM INCENTIVES (EQUITY) Performance Stock Units (PSUs) Designed to promote stock ownership through the achievement of key financial and sustainability targets over a 3-year period The Core Measures are EVA and Diluted Earnings Per Share, equally weighted. The vesting outcome can be increased or decreased based on the performance of two Modifier Measures (Sustainability and Relative TSR) Ties to our management- as-owners philosophy and rewards performance contributing to absolute EVA dollar growth and earnings per-share growth, while reinforcing disciplined execution through sustainability and safety performance 50% weighting in LTI program for NEOs 38 Stock Options (options) Designed to promote stock ownership and long-term performance Stock price appreciation Ties to our management- as-owners philosophy and rewards performance contributing to shareholder value through absolute stock price growth 25% weighting in LTI program for NEOs 39 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) Designed to promote stock ownership and retention, with awards vesting after 3 years subject to continued employment Value based on stock price Ties to our management- as-owners philosophy 25% weighting in LTI program for NEOs 39 OTHER ONE-TIME INCENTIVES One-time Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs ) Designed to promote stock ownership, provide a recruitment, retention or performance-based incentive where appropriate and incentivize the creation of shareholder value Value based on stock price or bespoke performance conditions Granted from time-to- time and tied to our management-as-owners philosophy, generally in connection with the promotion or recruitment of individuals to facilitate ownership and retention or to incentivize a specific performance outcome 40 Deposit Share Program ( DSP ) Designed to promote financial investment in Ball, promote stock ownership and incentivize the creation of shareholder value Value based on stock price Granted from time-to-time (last offered in 2021) and tied to our management-as-owners philosophy, offering RSUs in exchange for the recipient voluntarily and newly investing in and holding shares of Ball stock 40 30 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ROLE OF THE HUMAN RESOURCES COMMITTEE AND EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION CONSULTANT The HR Committee oversees the design of the executive compensation program and determines the compensation of our executive officers. The HR Committee is composed solely of nonmanagement directors, all of whom are independent. The HR Committee retained Farient Advisors LLC ( Farient ), to serve as its independent compensation consultant (the Consultant ), throughout 2025 to provide advice on best practices and market developments, as well as to give independent advice to the Committee. The Consultant reports directly to the HR Committee and performs no additional services on behalf of the company. The HR Committee assessed and confirmed the Consultant s independence in 2025 , and determined that no conflict of interest exists with the work the Consultant performs for the HR Committee. The Consultant develops recommendations for the HR Committee related to all aspects of the executive compensation program and works with management to obtain information necessary to develop those recommendations. MARKET REFERENCE POINTS AND PEER GROUPS We use two primary market reference points to benchmark our executive compensation to the competitive market, referred to as Peer Group and General Industry. This two-pronged approach provides a spectrum of relevant information on executive compensation levels, practices and trends in the marketplace. The HR Committee does not target pay to a specific market benchmark , but rather considers the range of market data available along with tenure, company performance and individual performance when setting pay for the NEOs. The Peer Group is composed of companies within the containers and packaging, food and beverage, household durable and nondurable goods, and manufacturing industries. The HR Committee reviews this market data when setting compensation for the CEO and CFO because it is a transparent reference point for assessing pay levels among similarly situated CEOs and CFOs. In addition to pay levels, the HR Committee reviews executive tenure and performance data across the Peer Group when determining target pay levels. Compensation data for the Peer Group are collected from publicly available SEC filings. General Industry market data reflects the broad talent market in which we compete and informs compensation decisions regarding all of our NEOs. The critical skills required by our management team have historically been found both inside and outside industries that are considered for our Peer Group. Therefore, the HR Committee believes it is appropriate to focus on General Industry market levels as the primary market reference point for evaluating the overall competitiveness of our executive compensation program. This data is size-adjusted to ensure that market levels are developed for like roles within businesses of similar size and scope. Data for the General Industry are collected from multiple proprietary survey sources published by leading market data providers. In developing the Peer Group for 2025, Farient Advisers sourced objective, financial and industry criteria, and also used qualitative criteria regarding the nature of our business operations. Specifically, they used the following principles and criteria in identifying the Peer Group companies used in making pay decisions for 2025: Design Principle Criteria Quantitative financial criteria to ensure organizations are comparable in terms of size and structure Revenue in an approximate range of between 0.4x and 3.0x our revenues Market capitalization (used as a secondary reference) Growth oriented with 3-year revenue CAGR 4.0% Ratio of market capitalization to revenue above 1.0x Non-US revenue generally 20% of total revenue Qualitative criteria regarding appropriate industry, business types and organizational complexity Direct peers in the containers and packaging industry Food beverage companies with some aluminum packaged products where the consumer is the purchaser of the product Durable and nondurable consumer products that may compete for shelf-space or provide complementary products to Ball s consumer products Broader manufacturing companies within the capital goods, chemical manufacturing, metals and other complex manufacturing industries BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Following a review in April 2024, the HR Committee approved the same Peer Group for 2025 as for 2024. The 2025 Peer Group, which was used to inform decisions in setting 2025 target pay for NEOs, consists of the following companies: Avery Dennison Corporation General Mills Inc. Molson Coors Beverage Company Campbell Soup Company Graphic Packaging International Packaging Corporation of America ConAgra Brands, Inc. International Flavors Fragrances Inc PPG Industries, Inc. Crown Holdings Inc. Kimberly-Clark Corporation Silgan Holdings Inc. Eastman Chemical Company Keurig Dr. Pepper The Sherwin Williams Company The Consultant conducted a review of the 2025 Peer Group in April 2025 to determine whether any adjustments may be required due to various factors, including Ball s overall financial performance and strategic outlook, for 2026. As a result of this review, the Consultant and Ball concluded that no changes were required to the Peer Group. Consequently, the same Peer Group was used to inform decisions about 2026 target pay for NEOs. PROCESS FOR DETERMINING EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The HR Committee reviews and adjusts executive target total compensation levels, including long-term incentive levels, in January of each year. We begin the annual process by reviewing each executive officer s target total compensation in relation to the 50th percentile of the General Industry and/or Peer Group. The Consultant, in collaboration with our HR Total Rewards Department, gathers this data, presents it to management and the HR Committee in detailed reports providing a comparative analysis of our executive officer compensation to the market data. Additionally, the Consultant creates a tally sheet for each executive, outlining the executive s total target and actual pay history, as well as total proposed pay for the coming year, including equity pay under different performance scenarios. The HR Committee uses the tally sheets to analyze and determine executive officer pay recommendations and to understand each executive s potential realizable compensation. The Consultant also prepares for the HR Committee an independent review and recommendation regarding the CEO s compensation. In its deliberations, the HR Committee meets with the CEO and other members of senior management, as appropriate, to discuss the application of the competitive benchmarking (pay and performance) relative to Ball s unique structure and needs. The HR Committee sets the CEO s target total compensation package during an executive session without the CEO present. This is based on the HR Committee s review of the Consultant s recommendation, peer and competitive information, an assessment of the CEO s relative tenure and individual performance, Ball s financial and operating performance, and appropriate business judgment. The CEO makes a recommendation for the target total compensation of other executive officers, including the other NEOs after reviewing each executive s and the organization s business performance and the executive s responsibilities and experience relative to the competitive market information prepared by the Consultant. The HR Committee uses its business judgment to establish the compensation packages for the other executive officers considering the CEO s recommendations , and each executive officer s individual job responsibilities, experience and overall performance. The company s pay philosophy is to pay at or around the median of the market for each role. However, the HR Committee may set a particular executive s target compensation higher or lower than the 50 th percentile when circumstances warrant. For example, when reviewing compensation due to a promotion, an individual may be placed below the 50 th percentile for the new role and then adjusted closer to the market median over time, in order to ensure the individual is successfully performing and growing into the new role. Similarly, a long-tenured, experienced and high-performing individual may be placed above median. The HR Committee may adjust an executive s compensation level during the year as a result of a promotion. Such adjustments take into consideration competitive market data and recommendations from the Consultant and the CEO, as well as the additional responsibilities and overall experience and performance of the executive. 32 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION SUMMARY OF CHANGES MADE TO 2025 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION As referenced in last year s Proxy Statement, during 2024 the HR Committee reviewed Ball s incentive programs in light of the company s next chapter as a pure play aluminum packaging company following the successful sale of the Aerospace business. The HR Committee s Consultant was engaged to provide an independent review of the current reward structure and to provide input on future design. The design changes for 2025 were introduced to align to our strategy of simplifying sustainability for our customers by delivering scalable aluminum packaging solutions and to our ambition of achieving a $30 billion market capitalization by 2030 (30x30 Strategy). For 2025, we introduced a broader set of incentive measures focused on volume growth, adjusted operating cash flow efficiency, EPS and EVA growth, and TSR performance relative to the S P 500. We also introduced Greenhouse Gas reduction and Safety measures into our incentives for the first time, reflecting their importance to Ball, its customers and other stakeholders, and reinforcing the pathway to our published long-term sustainability goals. These measures cascade to all employees who participate in the Short-Term and Long-Term incentive plans. For 2025, we replaced EVA in our Short-Term Incentive Plan with Adjusted Operating Cash Flow (60% weighting) and Sales Unit Volume Growth (20% weighting) , with the remaining 20% continuing to be based on key individual strategic goals for each NEO, as in 2024. The core measures for the Performance Stock Units (PSUs) granted in 2025 are EVA and Earnings Per Share, equally weighted and measured over a three-year performance period, with two modifier measures: relative Total Shareholder Return (rTSR) (+/-10% pts), using the S P 500 as the comparator group, and a Sustainability Scorecard (+/-10% pts), which has key indicators for Greenhouse Gas emission reductions (scope 1, 2 and 3) and Safety (Total Recordable Incident Rate reductions). The Sustainability Scorecard will be subject to a qualitative assessment by the HR Committee at the end of the three-year performance period. Although we broadened the measures in our incentive plans for 2025, EVA continued to play a key role, with half the weighting of the PSU core measures tied to EVA. In addition, the other incentive measures are closely aligned with EVA principles, as sustainable cash generation, volume and earnings growth are critical components of long-term economic value creation. This integrated approach maintains continuity between short-term performance focus and long-term shareholder value creation. The targets for the new performance measures in the STI and PSU awards for 2025 were approved by the HR Committee close to the start of the performance period. In place of automated target setting which we have used in the past, we moved to a new methodology to set targets. From 2025 onwards, the HR Committee sets targets each year for the core financial metrics in our STI plan (Adjusted Operating Cash Flow and Sales Unit Volume Growth for 2025) and PSU awards (EVA and EPS). Targets are set based on a range of relevant considerations (for example annual operating plan, 3-year forecasts for Ball and its competitors, probability calculations and other analysis) to ensure that the targets are achievable and motivational, while suitably stretching at the maximum payout level. In setting the targets for the 2025 PSU awards, EVA dollars were rebased to reflect the company size post-Aerospace sale and this is referred to as New EVA for the purposes of distinguishing from the historical EVA definition ( Prior EVA ). For more details, see section on Performance Targets under the heading Long-Term Equity-based Awards on page 38 . All Long-Term incentive (LTI) awards granted in 2025 were stock based as we replaced the Long-Term Cash Incentive Compensation plan with Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), thereby creating greater alignment with shareholders. We retained PSUs and stock options in the LTI program, with the following weightings for the NEOs: PSUs (50%), options (25%) and RSUs (25%). Performance for PSUs is measured over a 3-year period, RSUs have a 3-year vesting period and options vest one-quarter on each of the first four anniversaries of grant. BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION SPECIFICS RELATED TO 2025 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION When determining 2025 target total compensation for NEOs, the HR Committee took into account the operating and financial performance in 2024, which resulted in the company delivering to shareholders $1.96 billion via share repurchases and dividends, and comparable net earnings of $977 million(equivalent to $3.17 per diluted share). In setting target pay, the Committee also considered the company s share price performance and the NEOs contributions to the company s achievements in 2024, including: establishing an enterprise-wide strategy and new operating framework, the Ball Business System, aimed at creating process efficiency and improving our cost structure to better serve our customers; strong year over year comparable diluted EPS growth of 9.3% through increased earnings, plant optimization efforts, lower interest expense and share repurchases; deploying the proceeds of the aerospace business to deliver our net debt to EBITDA ratio to 2.5x and execute on a significant share repurchase program; launching a strategic growth algorithm with clear metrics for investors, developing a new vision ( Our Purpose and Our Promise ) and launching a new company brand; making the decision to transition our Cups business into a new structure, freeing up capital for projects that will yield more immediate returns for shareholders; making measurable progress towards achieving our 2030 goals through expanding our lightweight aluminum packaging portfolio; supporting our global communities where we live and operate with employees supporting over 1,800 nonprofit organizations across 32 countries and contributing over 23,000 volunteer hours; and achieving an MSCI ESG Rating of AAA, receiving a gold medal from Ecovadis as well as remaining on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, North America, receiving an A- in the CDP s climate change questionnaire in 2024 and continuing to prioritize Aluminum Stewardship Initiative (ASI) certification. 2025 Base Salary Base salary levels are set based on factors such as job responsibilities, the Committee s and the CEO s judgment of performance and contribution to overall business performance, tenure and experience level, internal base pay increase budgets by country, external market base salary movement, and market competitiveness as compared to 50 th percentile data. The HR Committee reviewed base salary levels during the annual executive compensation review described in the previous section, and approved salary increases for NEOs in January 2025, with changes effective from January 1, 2025. NEO 2025 Base Salary Rationale Ronald J. Lewis (1) $ 1,000,000 2025 base salaries for all NEOs were based on the executive compensation review, including an analysis of external market data provided by the Consultant, and reflected an increase consistent with Ball s base pay increase budget. For the CEO (Mr. Lewis), CFO (Mr. Rabbitt) and Chief Supply Chain and Operations Officer (Mr. Vail) roles, the 2025 Base Salary reflects the promotional increases for these roles. Daniel W. Fisher $ 1,270,000 Daniel J. Rabbitt (2) $ 700,000 Howard H. Yu $ 764,400 Carey S. Causey $ 613,600 Hannah S. Lim-Johnson $ 592,020 Scott A. Vail (3) $ 600,000 (1) Mr. Lewis was appointed as CEO on November 10, 2025, having previously served as Ball s Chief Supply Chain and Operations Officer. The Base Salary shown above represents his annual salary for the CEO role. His actual salary earned during 2025 is disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table . (2) Mr. Rabbitt was appointed as CFO on November 10, 2025. The Base Salary shown above represents his annual salary for the CFO role. His actual salary earned during 2025 is disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table . (3) Mr. Vail re-joined the company on December 5, 2025 as Ball s Chief Supply Chain and Operations Officer. The Base Salary shown above represents his annual salary for this role. The pro-rated amount earned during 2025 based on his hire date is disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table . 34 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2025 Annual Incentive The 2025 annual incentive was designed to encourage and reward the NEOs for making decisions that improve performance as measured by Ball s Adjusted Operating Cash Flow (60% weighting) and Unit Volume Growth (20% weighting), with the remaining 20% based on key individual strategic goals for each NEO, which were approved by the HR Committee. The overall opportunity was capped at 200% of target. The design changes for 2025 were introduced to align the annual incentive to our strategy of simplifying sustainability for our customers by delivering scalable aluminum packaging solutions. The plan design is shown below. 2025 Annual Incentive Performance Targets For 2025, Ball implemented a new approach to establishing annual incentive performance targets, replacing the prior formula-based target setting methodology with a process aligned to the Company s operating plan and expectations for year-over-year improvement. Annual targets for the STI metrics are now set taking into account the Company s strategic and financial priorities, anticipated market conditions, investor expectations, and the expected range of financial outcomes under the annual operating plan, while maintaining alignment with long-term value creation principles. For the 2025 STI, Ball established threshold, target, and maximum targets (performance levels ) for Adjusted Operating Cash Flow and Unit Volume Growth that reflected the Company s anticipated performance range and supported a clear and consistent payout structure. The targets for 2025, together with the final outcomes, are shown in the table under the section called Annual Incentive Payouts for 2025 . 2025 Annual Incentive Target Award Amounts The HR Committee establishes a target incentive opportunity for each NEO every year. NEOs can earn higher awards for above-target performance (up to a maximum of 200% of target) or lower awards (possibly zero) for below-target performance. Target awards, which are expressed as a percentage of annual base salary, are established based upon individual responsibilities, individual performance, internal pay equity, our financial and operating performance, and market competitiveness as compared to the 50 th percentile of market data. The 2025 target incentive opportunity for each Executive Leadership Team (ELT) member, including NEOs, was dependent upon Ball s organizational financial performance (80%) and Individual Performance Objectives (20%). The table below shows, for each NEO, the 2025 target incentive opportunity. Target Annual Incentive NEO % of Base as at 12/31/25 $ Value (pro-rated if applicable) Ronald J. Lewis* 150 % $ 901,501 Daniel W. Fisher 150 % $ 1,905,000 Daniel J. Rabbitt * 90 % $ 325,340 Howard H. Yu 90 % $ 688,000 Carey S. Causey 90 % $ 552,200 Hannah S. Lim-Johnson 80 % $ 473,600 Scott A. Vail ** 80 % $ * Messrs. Lewis and Rabbitt transitioned to the roles of CEO and CFO, respectively, on November 10, 2025. The % of Base shown above represents their full-year target % for those roles, and the Target $ Value reflects the pro-rated target based on their different roles during 2025. ** Mr. Vail rejoined the Company on December 5, 2025 and his % of Base shown above represents his full-year target % as of re-hire, however he is not eligible to receive a 2025 incentive, hence the zero $ value. BALL CORPORATION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Annual Incentive Payouts for 2025 Business performance outcome For the portion of the plan based on Ball s corporate business performance results, there is no payout when actual Shipped Volumes are less than 107.5m units for 2025 and Adjusted Operating Cash Flow is less than $1,563m. A maximum payout of 200% may be achieved if Shipped Volumes are at least 111.8m units, representing a growth of 4% from the base year and Adjusted Operating Cash Flow is at $1,835m or above, representing growth of 12% from the base year. Ball s performance in 2025 relative to the targets set is shown in the table below. Performance measure Threshold (25% Payout) Target (100% payout) Maximum (200% payout) Actual Payout % Adjusted Operating Cash Flow (75%) $ 1,563m $ 1,699m $1,835m 1,765m 148 % Unit Volume Growth (25%) 107.5m 109.6m 111.8m 110.8m 154 % Overall Business Performance Factor 150 % (1) The definition of Adjusted Operating Cash Flow (OCF) for STI purposes, as approved by the HR Committee, is Comparable EBITDA (as reported) plus changes in working capital (Trade Accounts Receivable, Trade Accounts Payable and Inventory). Within the HR Committee s approved framework and the terms of the equity plan rules, the Committee has negatively adjusted the 2025 STI OCF achievement by a total of $394m/ This reflected the impact of removing acquisitions and adding back dispositions, accounting adjustments for CAPEX related payables, neutralizing the impact of currency fluctuations, factoring activity outside an agreed level and other Committee approved adjustments. (2) The definition of Unit Volume Growth for STI purposes, as approved by the HR Committee, is shipped volume growth, meaning cans/bottles that have left the building in the calendar year, as externally reported. Within the Committee s approved framework and the terms of the equity plan rules, the Committee has negatively adjusted the 2025 STI Unit Volume Growth achievement by a total of 1,032m cans. This reflected the impact of removing acquisitions and adding back dispositions and other Committee approved adjustments. Individual Performance Objectives Outcomes Each ELT member, including NEOs, had Individual Performance Objectives (IPOs) for 2025 which were approved by the HR Committee in early 2025. Each ELT member had one consistent objective related to leadership as well as other goals related to specific key strategic business objectives within their remit. In January 2026, the HR Committee and the Board evaluated the performance of the CEO against his IPOs and approved the outcome for this element of the annual incentive. The CEO recommended proposed IPO outcomes for each of the other ELT members, including NEOs, based on his assessment of their 2025 performance against goals. The HR Committee considered the CEO s recommendations and approved the final IPO outcomes for these individuals. In determining the IPO outcomes for the NEOs, the HR Committee reviewed the details of performance against the IPOs for the year, a summary of which is set out below for the CEO. CEO s performance against objectives: Ronald Lewis The Committee reviewed Mr. Lewis performance against his goals in the Chief Supply Chain and Operations Officer role for the period up to November 9, 2025 and in the CEO role from November 10 to the end of 2025. A summary of key achievements against goals is set out below. Strategic Execution Executing Exceptionally in Our Existing Business Continued to evolve the Ball Business System continued to mature with a stronger cadence of KPIs, management routines, and operational discipline. Achieved major initiatives in commercial/ operational excellence, such as, the joint business planning process with customers, and roll out of the quality, safety and maintenance pillars. Optimizing and Expanding Our Footprint Delivered expansion projects across all regions, including production capacity expansions and improvements. Managed greenfield initiatives in line with goals. Successfully purchased and integrated the Winterhaven plant (US) and plants in Belgium and Spain. Announced acquisition of Benepack plants (Belgium and Hungary). Completed the sale of our controlling interest in our UAC plant in Saudi Arabia and our PHC business in India. Accelerating Substrate Shift Category Expansion Grew can market share versus other substrates across all categories (Carbonated Soft Drinks, Alcohol Energy) and grew Ball market share at a rate greater than overall can market share. Operational Excellence Ball Operational Excellence (BOE) continued to strengthen operator capability, daily management routines, and cross-functional alignment. 36 | WWW.BALL.COM/INVESTORS TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Safety performance improved with TRIR at 0.98, well ahead of plan and prior year. Improved quality performance, with non-conformance below both target and prior year. Financial Results Achieved Volume Growth of + 4.1 % versus prior year and Operating Earnings of $1,5 54 m, (+5.7% from prior year). Achieved $ 956 m of Free Cash Flow and EPS of $3.57 (+12% over prior year). People, Leadership and Culture Measured results across Engagement, Inclusion Belonging, Manager Effectiveness, and Organizational Effectiveness, outperformed industry norms in each area. On appointment as CEO, made key appointments to the leadership team. Other NEOs performance against objectives 2025 was a year of significant financial and business achievements, as well as a year of leadership transition. With regard to the assessment of the other NEOs performance, ELT members, including NEOs, achieved their shared leadership objective by operating as a cohesive, enterprise-first team focused on cultivating a high-performance, inclusive culture that supports sustainable growth and operational excellence. The ELT modeled the Ball Way of Leading, demonstrated growth-oriented leadership behaviors, and led through influence to embed the operating model, advance organizational transformation, and maintain stability through leadership transitions. Measurable progress was made in employee engagement, leadership capability development, and talent retention, while consistent operating discipline and collaboration enabled the company to meet or exceed core financial and strategic commitments, strengthening long-term competitive positioning and stakeholder value. The following table shows the annual incentive awards earned in 2025 and paid in early 2026 as a result of the year s business performance and IPO outcomes. NEO Overall Payout amt (USD) Overall Payout % (of target) (3) Ronald J. Lewis $ 1,262,102 140 % Daniel W. Fisher (1) $ 2,294,420 14