=== BALL_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. Additional important factors include among others: supply and demand constraints, fluctuations and changes in consumption patterns; availability/cost of raw materials, equipment, and logistics; competitive packaging, pricing and substitution; power and supply chain interruptions; customer and supplier consolidation; changes in major customer or supplier contracts or loss of a major customer or supplier; inability to pass-through increased costs; footprint adjustments and other manufacturing changes, including the opening and closing of facilities and lines; failure to achieve synergies, productivity improvements or cost reductions; war, political instability, sanctions, and other uncertainties surrounding geopolitical events and governmental policies including relating to the situation in Russia and Ukraine and its impact on Ball s operations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa regions; changes in foreign exchange or tax rates; tariffs, trade actions, or other governmental actions; unfavorable mandatory deposit or packaging laws; regulatory actions or issues including those related to tax, environmental regulation, social and governance reporting, competition, health and workplace safety, including governmental actions or public concerns affecting products filled in Ball s containers, or chemicals or substances used in raw materials or in the manufacturing process; changes in climate and weather and related events such as drought, wildfires, storms, hurricanes, tornadoes and floods; the extent to which sustainability-related opportunities arise and can be capitalized upon; changes in senior management, succession, and the ability to attract and retain skilled labor; strikes; disease; pandemic; labor cost changes; technological developments and innovations; the ability to manage cyber threats; litigation; inflation; pension changes; changes in the rates of return on assets of Ball s defined benefit retirement plans; reduced cash flow; interest rates affecting Ball s debt; successful or unsuccessful joint ventures, acquisitions and divestitures, and their effects on Ball s operating results and business generally. 31 Table of Contents Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Financial Instruments and Risk Management The company employs established risk management policies and procedures which seek to reduce the company s commercial risk exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices, interest rates, currency exchange rates, net investments in foreign operations and prices of the company s common stock with regard to common share repurchases and the company s deferred compensation stock plan. However, there can be no assurance that these policies and procedures will be successful. Although the instruments utilized involve varying degrees of credit, market and interest risk, the counterparties to the agreements are expected to perform fully under the terms of the agreements. The company monitors counterparty credit risk, including lenders, on a regular basis, but Ball cannot be certain that all risks will be discerned or that its risk management policies and procedures will always be effective. Additionally, in the event of default under the company s master derivative agreements, the non-defaulting party has the option to set off any amounts owed with regard to open derivative positions. We have estimated our market risk exposure using sensitivity analysis. Market risk exposure has been defined as the changes in fair value of derivative instruments, financial instruments and commodity positions. To test the sensitivity of our market risk exposure, we have estimated the changes in fair value of market risk sensitive instruments assuming a hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in market prices or rates. The results of the sensitivity analyses are summarized below. Commodity Price Risk Aluminum We manage commodity price risk in connection with market price fluctuations of aluminum through two different methods. First, we enter into container sales contracts that include aluminum-based pricing terms that generally reflect the same price fluctuations under commercial purchase contracts for aluminum sheet. Second, we use certain derivative instruments, including option and forward contracts, as economic and cash flow hedges of commodity price risk where there are material differences between contracted sales and purchase pricing. Considering the effects of derivative instruments, the company s ability to pass-through certain raw material costs through contractual provisions, the market s ability to accept price increases and the company s commodity price exposures under its contract terms, a hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in the company s aluminum prices would result in an estimated $3 million after-tax reduction in net earnings over a one-year period. Additionally, the company has currency exposures on raw materials and the effect of a 10 percent adverse change is included in the total currency exposure discussed below. Actual results may vary based on actual changes in market prices and rates and the timing of these changes. Interest Rate Risk Our objective in managing exposure to interest rate changes is to minimize the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we may use a variety of interest rate swaps, collars and options to manage our mix of floating and fixed-rate debt. Interest rate instruments held by the company at December 31, 2025, included pay-fixed interest rate swaps which effectively convert variable rate obligations to fixed-rate instruments. Based on our interest rate exposure at December 31, 2025, assumed floating rate debt levels throughout the next 12 months and the effects of our existing derivative instruments, a 100-basis point increase in interest rates would result in an estimated $7 million after-tax reduction in net earnings over a one-year period. Actual results may vary based on actual changes in market prices and rates and the timing of these changes. 32 Table of Contents Currency Exchange Rate Risk Our objective in managing exposure to currency fluctuations is to limit the exposure of cash flows and earnings from changes associated with currency exchange rate changes through the use of various derivative contracts. In addition, at times Ball manages earnings translation volatility through the use of currency option strategies, and the change in the fair value of those options is recorded in the company s net earnings. Our currency translation risk results from the currencies in which we transact business. The company faces currency exposures in our global operations as a result of various factors including intercompany currency denominated loans, selling our products in various currencies, purchasing raw materials and equipment in various currencies and tax exposures not denominated in the functional currency of the entity with the exposure. Sales contracts are negotiated with customers to reflect cost changes and, where there is not an exchange pass-through arrangement, the company may use derivative instruments to manage significant currency exposures. Considering the company s derivative financial instruments outstanding at December 31, 2025, and the various currency exposures, a hypothetical 10 percent reduction (U.S. dollar strengthening) in currency exchange rates compared to the U.S. dollar would result in an estimated $15 million after-tax reduction in net earnings over a one-year period. A hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in the U.S. dollar s currency exchange rates would increase our forecasted average debt balance by approximately $164 million. Actual results may vary based on actual changes in market prices and rates and the timing of these changes. Net Investments in Foreign Operations Risk The company is exposed to changes in foreign currencies impacting its net investments held in foreign subsidiaries. The company s objective in managing exposure to net investments in foreign operations is to limit the foreign exchange translation risk associated with its net investments in non-U.S. Dollar foreign entities. The company uses fixed-for-fixed cross currency swaps and designated foreign currency denominated debt instruments to achieve this objective. As of December 31, 2025, the company had three fixed-for-fixed cross currency swaps outstanding, with notional amounts totaling 1.05 billion. A hypothetical 10 percent adverse change in the related foreign currency exchange rate would result in an estimated $67 million after-tax currency translation adjustment loss in other comprehensive earnings (loss). 33 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Ball Corporation Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ball Corporation and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive earnings (loss), of shareholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 34 Table of Contents management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Revenue Recognition from Certain Product Revenue As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes sales of packaging products when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services, which occurs either over time or at a point in time. Performance obligations for products with no alternative use are recognized over time when the Company has manufactured a unique item and has an enforceable right to payment. Generic products with an alternative use are recognized at a point in time. For all contracts, the transaction price is determined upon establishment of the contract that contains the final terms of the sale, including the description, quantity, and price of each product or service purchased. The Company s consolidated net sales were $13.16 billion for the year ended December 31, 2025, of which a majority relates to certain product revenue. The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition from certain product revenue is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition from certain product revenue. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including controls over the recognition of certain product revenue at the transaction price once the Company satisfies a performance obligation. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing a sample of revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as customer contracts, invoices, proof of shipment, and payment receipts, and where sales incentives are applicable, support for the nature of the incentive, amount, and agreement with the customer and (ii) confirming a sample of outstanding customer invoice balances as of December 31, 2025 and, for confirmations not returned, obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as customer contracts, invoices, proof of shipment, and subsequent payment receipts. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Denver, Colorado February 19, 2026 We have served as the Company s auditor since at least 1962. We have not been able to determine the specific year we began serving as auditor of the Company. 35 Table of Contents Consolidated Statements of Earnings Ball Corporation Years Ended December 31, ($ in millions, except per share amounts) 2025 2024 2023 Net sales $ 13,161 $ 11,795 $ 12,062 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization) ( 10,583 ) ( 9,354 ) ( 9,754 ) Depreciation and amortization ( 622 ) ( 611 ) ( 605 ) Selling, general and administrative ( 566 ) ( 647 ) ( 532 ) Business consolidation and other activities 41 ( 420 ) ( 133 ) Interest income 30 68 36 Interest expense ( 314 ) ( 293 ) ( 460 ) Debt refinancing and other costs ( 19 ) ( 3 ) Earnings before taxes 1,128 535 614 Tax (provision) benefit ( 240 ) ( 133 ) ( 146 ) Equity in results of affiliates, net of tax 27 28 20 Earnings from continuing operations 915 430 488 Discontinued operations, net of tax 3,584 223 Net earnings 915 4,014 711 Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 3 6 4 Net earnings attributable to Ball Corporation $ 912 $ 4,008 $ 707 Earnings per share: Basic - continuing operations $ 3.33 $ 1.39 $ 1.54 Basic - discontinued operations - 11.73 0.71 Total basic earnings per share $ 3.33 $ 13.12 $ 2.25 Diluted - continuing operations $ 3.30 $ 1.37 $ 1.53 Diluted - discontinued operations 11.63 0.70 Total diluted earnings per share $ 3.30 $ 13.00 $ 2.23 Weighted average shares outstanding: (000s) Basic 274,263 305,459 314,775 Diluted 275,972 308,206 317,022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 36 Table of Contents Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) Ball Corporation Years Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net earnings $ 915 $ 4,014 $ 711 Other comprehensive earnings (loss): Currency translation adjustment 134 ( 232 ) 55 Pension and other postretirement benefits ( 19 ) 180 ( 414 ) Derivatives designated as hedges 18 22 25 Total other comprehensive earnings (loss) 133 ( 30 ) ( 334 ) Tax (provision) benefit 1 ( 57 ) 97 Total other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax 134 ( 87 ) ( 237 ) Total comprehensive earnings 1,049 3,927 474 Comprehensive earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 3 6 4 Comprehensive earnings attributable to Ball Corporation $ 1,046 $ 3,921 $ 470 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 37 Table of Contents Consolidated Balance Sheets Ball Corporation December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,212 $ 885 Receivables, net 2,606 2,166 Inventories, net 2,013 1,477 Other current assets 265 169 Current assets held for sale 17 144 Total current assets 6,113 4,841 Noncurrent assets Property, plant and equipment, net 6,656 6,173 Goodwill 4,379 4,172 Intangible assets, net 982 1,080 Other assets 1,394 1,362 Total assets $ 19,524 $ 17,628 Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt $ 21 $ 361 Accounts payable 4,452 3,418 Accrued employee costs 303 303 Other current liabilities 711 725 Current liabilities held for sale 40 Total current liabilities 5,487 4,847 Noncurrent liabilities Long-term debt 6,991 5,312 Employee benefit obligations 499 577 Deferred taxes 655 594 Other liabilities 471 368 Total liabilities 14,103 11,698 Equity Common stock ( 685,107,438 shares issued - 2025; 684,168,252 shares issued - 2024) 1,422 1,395 Retained earnings 12,219 11,527 Accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) ( 869 ) ( 1,003 ) Treasury stock, at cost ( 419,733,252 shares - 2025; 394,790,362 shares - 2024) ( 7,351 ) ( 6,057 ) Total Ball Corporation shareholders' equity 5,421 5,862 Noncontrolling interests 68 Total equity 5,421 5,930 Total liabilities and equity $ 19,524 $ 17,628 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 38 Table of Contents Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Ball Corporation Years Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net earnings $ 915 $ 4,014 $ 711 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 622 620 686 Business consolidation and other activities ( 41 ) 420 133 Deferred tax provision (benefit) 60 143 ( 67 ) Gain on Aerospace disposal 3 ( 4,634 ) 20 Pension contributions ( 43 ) ( 32 ) ( 42 ) Other, net ( 123 ) 135 62 Working capital changes, excluding effects of acquisitions and dispositions: Receivables ( 317 ) ( 325 ) 238 Inventories ( 453 ) ( 25 ) 626 Other current assets 48 ( 109 ) ( 25 ) Accounts payable 730 ( 91 ) ( 510 ) Accrued employee costs ( 14 ) 47 93 Other current liabilities ( 39 ) ( 201 ) ( 71 ) Other, net ( 86 ) 153 9 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 1,262 115 1,863 Cash Flows from Investing Activities Capital expenditures ( 474 ) ( 484 ) ( 1,045 ) Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ( 159 ) ( 74 ) Business dispositions, net of cash sold 32 5,422 Derivative settlements ( 99 ) 138 12 Other, net 44 1 ( 20 ) Cash provided by (used in) investing activities ( 656 ) 5,003 ( 1,053 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Long-term borrowings 6,683 650 2,051 Repayments of long-term borrowings ( 5,297 ) ( 3,480 ) ( 2,281 ) Net change in short-term borrowings ( 158 ) ( 29 ) ( 210 ) Acquisitions of treasury stock ( 1,321 ) ( 1,712 ) ( 3 ) Common stock dividends ( 220 ) ( 244 ) ( 252 ) Other, net ( 31 ) 25 33 Cash provided by (used in) financing activities ( 344 ) ( 4,790 ) ( 662 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 28 ( 107 ) 4 Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 290 221 152 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of year 931 710 558 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of year (a) $ 1,221 $ 931 $ 710 (a) Includes $ 32 million of cash presented in current assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 39 Table of Contents Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Ball Corporation Ball Corporation and Subsidiaries Common Stock Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Number of Number of Retained Comprehensive Noncontrolling Total ($ in millions; share amounts in thousands) Shares Amount Shares Amount Earnings Earnings (Loss) Interest Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 682,144 1,260 ( 368,036 ) ( 4,429 ) 7,309 ( 679 ) 66 3,527 Net earnings 707 4 711 Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax ( 237 ) ( 237 ) Common dividends, net of tax benefits ( 252 ) ( 252 ) Treasury stock purchases ( 60 ) ( 3 ) ( 3 ) Treasury shares reissued 545 29 29 Shares issued and stock-based compensation, net of shares exchanged 1,097 52 52 Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest ( 2 ) ( 2 ) Other activity 13 ( 1 ) 12 Balance at December 31, 2023 683,241 1,312 ( 367,551 ) ( 4,390 ) 7,763 ( 916 ) 68 3,837 Net earnings 4,008 6 4,014 Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax ( 87 ) ( 87 ) Common dividends ( 244 ) ( 244 ) Treasury stock purchases ( 27,261 ) ( 1,728 ) ( 1,728 ) Treasury shares reissued 22 16 16 Shares issued and stock-based compensation, net of shares exchanged 927 83 83 Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest ( 6 ) ( 6 ) Other activity 45 45 Balance at December 31, 2024 684,168 1,395 ( 394,790 ) ( 6,057 ) 11,527 ( 1,003 ) 68 5,930 Net earnings 912 3 915 Other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax 134 134 Common dividends ( 220 ) ( 220 ) Treasury stock purchases ( 25,152 ) ( 1,317 ) ( 1,317 ) Treasury shares reissued 209 11 11 Shares issued and stock-based compensation, net of shares exchanged 939 27 27 Business dispositions ( 65 ) ( 65 ) Distributions from deferred compensation plans and other activity 12 ( 6 ) 6 Balance at December 31, 2025 685,107 $ 1,422 ( 419,733 ) $ ( 7,351 ) $ 12,219 $ ( 869 ) $ $ 5,421 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 40 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 1. Significant Accounting Policies The preparation of Ball Corporation s (collectively, Ball, the company, we or our) consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) requires Ball s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. These estimates are based on historical experience and various assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Ball s management evaluates these estimates on an ongoing basis and adjusts or revises the estimates as circumstances change. As future events and their impacts cannot be determined with precision, actual results may differ from these estimates. In the opinion of management, the financial statements reflect all adjustments necessary to fairly present the results of the periods presented. On February 16, 2024, the company completed the divestiture of its aerospace business. The transaction represents a strategic shift; therefore, the company s consolidated financial statements reflect the aerospace business financial results as discontinued operations for all periods presented. The aerospace business was historically presented as a reportable segment. Effective as of the first quarter of 2024, the company reports its financial performance in three reportable segments: (1) beverage packaging, North and Central America; (2) beverage packaging, Europe, Middle East and Africa (beverage packaging, EMEA) and (3) beverage packaging, South America. See Note 3 for additional segment information. Unless otherwise specified, these notes to the consolidated financial statements reflect continuing operations only. Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Ball, its consolidated subsidiaries, and variable interest entities in which the company is considered to be the primary beneficiary. Equity investments in which the company exercises significant influence but does not control are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Investments in which the company neither exercises significant influence over the investee, nor control the investment, are accounted for using the measurement alternative for equity investments, and, as such, are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, and adjusted for observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment. Intercompany transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Reclassifications Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified in order to conform to the current year presentation. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value using either the first-in, first-out (FIFO) cost method of accounting or the average cost method. Inventory cost is calculated for each inventory component taking into consideration the appropriate cost factors, including fixed and variable overhead, material price volatility and production levels. 41 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Recoverability of Goodwill On an annual basis, in the fourth quarter, and at interim periods as circumstances require, the company performs a qualitative analysis to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, which includes an evaluation as to whether there have been significant changes to macro-economic factors related to the reporting unit. If the qualitative analysis is not conclusive that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value exceeds its carrying amount, the company performs a quantitative impairment test to determine the fair value of the reporting unit and, if necessary, recognizes an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. When performing a quantitative analysis, the company estimates fair value for a reporting unit using market and income approach valuation methodologies. Under the income approach, fair value is estimated as the present value of estimated future cash flows of each reporting unit. The projected cash flows incorporate various assumptions related to weighted average cost of capital (WACC) and growth rates that are specific to each reporting unit, including assumptions relating to net sales growth rates, terminal growth rates and EBITDA (a non-U.S. GAAP measure defined by the company as earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization) margin. Under the market approach, the company uses available information regarding multiples used in recent market transactions involving a transfer of controlling interests as well as publicly available trading multiples based upon the enterprise value of companies in the packaging industry. The appropriate multiple is applied to the forecasted EBITDA of each reporting unit to estimate fair value. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Ball reviews long-lived assets for impairment when circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable based on the undiscounted future cash flows of the asset. The company reviews long-lived assets for impairment at the asset group level for which the lowest level of independent cash flows can be identified. If the carrying amount of asset group is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded. Fair values are determined based on quoted market values, discounted cash flows or with the assistance of external appraisals, as applicable. Depreciation and Amortization Property, plant and equipment are carried at the cost of acquisition or construction. Repairs and maintenance costs, including labor and material costs for major improvements such as annual production line overhauls, are expensed as incurred, unless those costs substantially increase the useful lives or capacity of the existing assets. Assets are depreciated and amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, generally 5 to 50 years for buildings and improvements and 2 to 25 years for machinery and equipment. Finite-lived intangible assets, excluding capitalized software costs, are generally amortized over their estimated useful lives of 3 to 18 years . Capitalized software is generally amortized over estimated useful lives of 3 to 7 years . The company periodically reviews these estimated useful lives and when appropriate, changes are made prospectively. For certain business consolidation activities, accelerated depreciation may be required for the revised remaining useful life for assets designated to be scrapped or abandoned. The accelerated depreciation related to such activities is recorded as part of business consolidation and other activities in the appropriate period. Environmental Reserves The company estimates its liability for environmental matters based on, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. The company records the best estimate of a loss when the loss is considered probable. As additional information becomes available, the company reassesses the potential liability related to pending matters and revises the estimates. 42 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Revenue Recognition The company recognizes sales of packaging products when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services, which occurs either over time or at a point in time. At contract inception, the company assesses the goods and services promised in its contracts with customers and identifies a performance obligation for each promise to transfer goods or services to the customer. The performance obligation may be represented by a good or service (or a series of goods or services) that is distinct, or by a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. In each instance, the company treats the promise to transfer the customer goods or services as a single performance obligation. To identify its performance obligations, the company considers all of the goods or services promised in the contract, regardless of whether they are explicitly stated or are implied by customary business practices. The company has determined that the following distinct goods and services represent separate performance obligations: Packaging products, which may be generic or unique; and Packaging lids and ends, which may be generic or unique. Performance obligations for products with no alternative use are recognized over time when the company has manufactured a unique item and has an enforceable right to payment, inclusive of profit. Conversely, generic products with an alternative use are recognized at a point in time. Contracts may be short-term or long-term, with varying payment terms. Ball s payment terms vary by the type and location of the customer and the products or services offered. Customers pay in accordance with negotiated terms, which are typically triggered upon ownership transfer. All payment terms are less than one year . For all contracts, the transaction price is determined upon establishment of the contract that contains the final terms of the sale, including the description, quantity, and price of each product or service purchased. Ball typically enters into master agreements with customers, which establish the terms and conditions for subsequent orders of goods. In the context of the revenue recognition standard, enforceable contracts are those that have an enforceable right to payment, which Ball typically has once a binding forecast or purchase order (or similar evidence) is in place and Ball produces under the contract. These enforceable contracts typically have a duration of less than one year. Contracts that have an original duration of less than one year are excluded from the requirement to disclose remaining performance obligations, based on the company s election to use the practical expedient. The nature of the remaining performance obligations within these contracts, as well as the nature of the variability and how it will be resolved, are described in the section below. Performance obligations are recognized both over time and at a point in time. The determination that sales should be recognized at a point in time most often results from the existence of an alternative use for the product. Cans and ends that are not customized for a customer prior to delivery are considered to have an alternative use, and sales are recognized at the point of control transfer. Determining when control transfer occurs may require management to make judgments that affect the timing of when sales are recognized. The revenue accounting standard provides five indicators that a customer has obtained control of an asset: 1) present right to payment; 2) transfer of legal title; 3) physical possession; 4) significant risks and rewards of ownership; and 5) customer acceptance. The company considers control to have transferred for these products upon shipment or delivery, depending on the legal terms of the contract, because the company has a present right to payment at that time, the customer has legal title to the asset, the company has transferred physical possession of the asset and/or the customer has significant risks and rewards of ownership of the asset. The company determines that control transfers to a customer as described above and provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods. 43 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements For performance obligations related to products that are unique with no alternative use (e.g., specialized sizes or customer-specific materials, or labeled with customer-specific artwork), the company transfers control and records sales over time. The recognition of sales occurs over time as goods are manufactured and Ball has an enforceable right to payment for those goods, which is an output method. Determining a measure of progress may require management to make judgments that impact the timing of when sales are recognized. The company has determined the above provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of goods to the customer. The number of units manufactured that have an enforceable right to payment is the best measure of depicting the company s performance as control is transferred. The customer obtains value as each unit is produced against a binding contract. The enforceable right to payment may be explicit or implied in the contract. If the enforceable right to payment is not explicit in the contract, Ball must consider if there is an implied right based on customer relationships or previous business practices and applicable law. Typically, Ball has an enforceable right to payment of costs plus a reasonable margin once a binding forecast or purchase order (or similar evidence) is in place and Ball produces under the contract. In making its determination of stand-alone selling price, Ball maximizes its use of observable inputs. Stand-alone selling price is then used to allocate total consideration proportionally to the various performance obligations within a contract. To estimate variable consideration, the company may apply both the expected value method and most likely amount method based on the form of variable consideration, after considering which method would provide the best prediction of consideration to be received from the company s customers. The expected value method involves a probability-weighted determination of the expected amount, whereas the most likely amount method identifies the single most likely outcome in a range of possible amounts. In certain cases, both methods may be used within a single contract if multiple forms of variable consideration exist. However, once a method has been applied to one form of variable consideration, it is applied consistently throughout the contract term. The primary types of variable consideration present in the company s contracts are per-unit price changes, volume discounts and rebates. Once variable consideration has been estimated, it will be constrained if a significant reversal of the cumulative amounts of sales is probable in the context of the contract. Revenue Contract Costs The company has determined there are no material costs that meet the capitalization criteria for costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. Revenue Recognition Practical Expedients For contracts that have an original duration of one year or less, the company has elected the practical expedient applicable to such contracts and has not disclosed the transaction price for future performance obligations as of the end of each reporting period or when the company expects to recognize sales. The company has also elected the sales tax practical expedient; therefore, sales and other taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are collected concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from the transaction price. For shipping and handling activities performed after a customer obtains control of the goods, the company has elected to account for these costs as activities to fulfill the promise to transfer the goods; therefore, these activities are not assessed as separate performance obligations. The company has also elected the significant financing component practical expedient which allows management to not assess whether the contract has a significant financing component in circumstances where, at contract inception, the expected contract duration is less than one year. 44 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Disaggregation of Sales The company disaggregates net sales by reportable segments, as disclosed in Note 3 , and based on the timing of transfer of control for goods and services, as disclosed in Note 5 . The transfer of control for goods and services may occur at a point in time or over time; in other words, sales may be recognized over the course of the underlying contract, or they may occur at a single point in time based upon the transfer of control. The company determined that disaggregating sales into these categories achieves the disclosure objective to depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of sales and cash flows are affected by economic factors. The company s business consists of three reportable segments: (1) beverage packaging, North and Central America; (2) beverage packaging, EMEA; and (3) beverage packaging, South America. Revenue Contract Balances The company enters into contracts to sell packaging products. The payment terms and conditions in customer contracts vary. Those customers that prepay are represented by the contract liabilities shown in Note 5 , until the company s performance obligations are satisfied. Contract assets would exist when sales have been recorded (i.e., control of the goods or services has been transferred to the customer) but customer payment is contingent on a future event beyond the passage of time (i.e., satisfaction of additional performance obligations). Unbilled receivables, which are not classified as contract assets, represent arrangements in which sales have been recorded prior to billing and right to payment is unconditional. Leases The company enters into operating leases, the accounting guidance for which requires a lessee to recognize a right-of-use (ROU) asset and a lease liability. The guidance also requires a lessee to recognize a single lease cost, calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term, generally on a straight line basis. A contract is a lease or contains one when (1) the contract contains an explicitly or implicitly identified asset and (2) the customer obtains substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of that underlying asset and directs how and for what purpose the asset is used during the term of the contract in exchange for consideration. The company assesses whether an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, upon inception of the contract. The company enters into operating leases for buildings, warehouses, office equipment, production equipment, land and other types of equipment. When readily determinable, the discount rate used to calculate the lease liability is the rate implicit in the lease. Otherwise, the company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at lease commencement. The company s finance and short-term leases are immaterial. Many of the company s leases include one or more renewal and/or termination options at the company s discretion, which are included in the determination of the lease term if the company is reasonably certain to exercise the option. The company also enters into lease agreements that have variable payments, such as those related to usage or adjustments to certain indexes. Variable lease payments are recognized in the period in which those payments are incurred. The company subleases all or portions of certain building and warehouse leases to third parties, all of which are classified as operating leases. Some of these arrangements offer the lessee renewal options. 45 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Fair Value Measurements Generally accepted accounting principles define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price) and such principles also establish a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value using the following definitions (from highest to lowest priority): Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. Level 2 Observable inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. Level 3 Prices or valuation techniques requiring inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. Acquisitions The company records acquisitions resulting in the consolidation of an enterprise using the purchase method of accounting. Under this method, the acquiring company records the assets acquired, including intangible assets that can be identified and named, and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The purchase price in excess of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. If the assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed, are greater than the purchase price paid, then a bargain purchase has occurred and the company will recognize the gain immediately in earnings. Among other sources of relevant information, the company uses independent appraisals and actuarial or other valuations to assist in determining the estimated fair values of the assets and liabilities. Various assumptions are used in the determination of these estimated fair values including discount rates, market and volume growth rates, product selling prices, production costs and other prospective financial information. Transaction costs associated with acquisitions are expensed as incurred and included in the business consolidation and other activities line of the consolidated statements of earnings. For acquisitions where the company acquires a controlling interest and previously owned an equity investment in the entity, the company will recognize in earnings, upon the completion of the acquisition, a gain or loss related to the company s prior equity investment. This gain or loss is calculated based on the fair value of the equity investment as compared to the carrying value of the existing equity investment on the date of acquisition. When the company purchases additional interests of consolidated subsidiaries, the difference between the fair value and carrying value of the noncontrolling interests acquired is accounted for in the common stock line within shareholders' equity. 46 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Business Consolidation and Other Activities The company estimates its liabilities for business closure activities by accumulating detailed estimates of costs and asset sale proceeds, if any, for each business consolidation initiative. This includes the estimated costs of employee severance, pension and related benefits; impairment of property and equipment and other assets, including estimates of net realizable value; accelerated depreciation; termination payments for contracts and leases; contractual obligations; and any other qualifying costs related to the exit plan, disposal or restructuring. These estimated costs are grouped by specific projects within the overall plans and are then monitored on a periodic basis. Such charges represent management s best estimates, however, they require assumptions about the plans that may change over time. Changes in estimates for individual locations and other matters are evaluated periodically to determine if a change in estimate is required for the overall plan. Subsequent changes to the original estimates are included in current earnings and identified as business consolidation gains or losses. Stock-Based Compensation Ball has a variety of restricted stock, stock option, and stock-settled appreciation rights (SSARs) plans, and the related stock-based compensation is primarily reported as part of selling, general and administrative in the consolidated statements of earnings. The compensation expense associated with restricted stock grants is calculated using the fair value at the date of grant (closing stock price) and is amortized over the restriction period. For stock options and SSARs, the company has elected to use the Black-Scholes valuation model and amortizes the estimated fair value, determined at the date of grant, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period (generally, the vesting period). The company s deferred compensation stock program is subject to variable plan accounting and, accordingly, is valued at the closing price of the company s common stock at the end of each reporting period. Currency Translation Assets and liabilities of non-U.S. operations with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar are translated using period-end exchange rates, and revenues and expenses are translated using average exchange rates during each period. Translation gains and losses are reported in accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) as a component of shareholders equity. Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the future tax consequences of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each balance sheet date, based upon enacted income tax laws and tax rates. Income tax expense or benefit is provided based on earnings reported in the financial statements. The provision for income tax expense or benefit differs from the amounts of income taxes currently payable because certain items of income and expense included in the consolidated financial statements are recognized in different time periods by taxing authorities. At times, Ball may purchase transferable income tax credits that can be used to offset its current year or a prior year income tax liability. These credits are presented as an adjustment to income taxes payable within other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet, with any deferred credit reducing income tax expense in the year the credit is utilized. 47 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Deferred tax assets, including operating loss, capital loss and tax credit carryforwards, are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that any portion of these tax attributes will not be realized. In addition, from time to time, management must assess the need to accrue or disclose uncertain tax positions for proposed adjustments from various federal, state and non-U.S. tax authorities who regularly audit the company in the normal course of business. In making these assessments, management must often analyze complex tax laws of multiple jurisdictions, including many non-U.S. jurisdictions. The accounting guidance prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The company records the related interest expense and penalties, if any, as tax expense in the tax provision. Stranded taxes in accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) are reclassified to the consolidated statement of earnings when the activity that generated the deferred gains and losses has fully ceased. Defined Benefit Pension Plans and Other Employee Benefits The company has defined benefit plans and postretirement plans that provide certain medical benefits and life insurance for retirees and eligible dependents and, to a lesser extent, participates in multi-employer defined benefit plans for which Ball is not the sponsor. For the company-sponsored plans, the relevant accounting guidance requires that management make certain assumptions relating to the long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates used to determine the present value of future obligations and expenses, salary inflation rates, health care cost trend rates, mortality rates and other assumptions. The company believes the accounting estimates related to the company s pension and postretirement plans are critical accounting estimates because they are highly susceptible to change from period to period based on the performance of plan assets, actuarial valuations, market conditions and contracted benefit changes. The selection of assumptions is based on historical trends and known economic and market conditions at the time of valuation, as well as independent studies of trends performed by the company s actuaries. However, actual results may differ substantially from the estimates that were based on the critical assumptions. The company recognizes the funded status of each defined benefit pension plan and other postretirement benefit plans on the consolidated balance sheet. Each overfunded plan is recognized as an asset, and each underfunded plan is recognized as a liability. Pension plan obligations are revalued annually, or when an event occurs that requires remeasurement, based on updated assumptions and information about the individuals covered by the plan. For pension plans, accumulated actuarial gains and losses in excess of a 10 percent corridor and the prior service cost are amortized on a straight-line basis from the date recognized over the average remaining service period of active participants or the average life expectancy for plans with significant inactive participants. For other postemployment benefits, the 10 percent corridor is not used. Costs related to defined benefit and other postretirement plans are included in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative, while settlement and curtailment expenses are included in business consolidation expenses. Derivative Financial Instruments The company uses derivative financial instruments for the purpose of hedging commercial risk exposures to fluctuations in commodity prices, interest rates, currency exchange rates, net investments in foreign operations and prices of the company s common stock with regard to the company s deferred compensation stock plan. The company s derivative instruments are recorded on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The company values each derivative financial instrument either by using a single valuation technique based on observable market inputs performed internally or by obtaining valuation information from a reliable and observable market source. For a derivative designated as a cash flow hedge, the derivative's mark to fair value is initially recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged item affects earnings, unless it is probable that the forecasted transaction will not occur. For net investment hedges, changes in fair value due to fluctuations in the spot rate are recorded to currency translation, net of tax, within accumulated other comprehensive earnings (AOCI). Gains and losses remain in AOCI until a sale or upon complete or substantially complete liquidation of the respective 48 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements underlying net investment in the foreign entity. The changes in fair value attributable to changes other than those due to fluctuations in the spot rate are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are recorded as a reduction to interest expense over the life of the hedge in the consolidated statements of earnings. Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are marked to fair value with gains and losses immediately recorded in earnings. In the consolidated statements of cash flows, derivative activities are classified based on the cash flows of the items being hedged, except for those activities that are hedging the effect of exchange rate changes on cash, which are presented in investing activities, and the periodic interest cash settlements for net investment hedges, which are presented in operating activities. Upon the dedesignation of an effective derivative contract, the gains or losses are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) until the originally hedged item affects earnings unless it is probable the hedged item will not occur at which time it is recognized immediately. Any gains or losses incurred after the dedesignation date are recorded in earnings immediately. Contingencies The company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims, including those that arise in the ordinary course of business. The company records loss contingencies when it determines the outcome of the future event is probable of occurring and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Gain contingencies are recognized in the financial statements when they are realized or realizable. The determination of a reserve for a loss contingency is based on management s judgment of probability and estimates with respect to the likelihood of an outcome and valuation of the future event. Liabilities are recorded or adjusted when events or circumstances cause these judgments or estimates to change. In assessing whether a loss is probable, Ball may consider the following factors, among others: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment; available information, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors; and the experience gained from similar cases by the company and others. The company provides disclosures for material contingencies when there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. 2. Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted Accounting Standards Income Tax Disclosures In 2023, new guidance was issued by the FASB with the goal of providing financial statement users with more information in the income tax rate reconciliation table and regarding income taxes paid. Ball adopted all required disclosures effective 2025, on a prospective basis, in Note 16 . 49 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements New Accounting Guidance and Disclosure Requirements Improvements to Accounting for Internal-Use Software In 2025, new guidance was issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) with the goal to better align accounting with how internal-use software is developed. The company is assessing the impact that the adoption of this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and expects to adopt the guidance on a prospective basis in 2028. Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets In 2025, amended guidance was issued by the FASB with the goal of improving efficiencies associated with the measurement of credit losses for accounts receivable and contract assets by allowing entities to elect a practical expedient for measurement. The company is assessing the impact that the adoption of this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and expects to adopt the guidance on a prospective basis in 2026. Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses In 2024, new guidance was issued by the FASB with the goal of providing financial statement users with more expense information of certain categories of expenses that are included in line items on the face of the statements of earnings. The company is assessing the impact that the adoption of this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and expects to meet the disclosure requirements on a prospective basis in its 2027 annual report and interim periods thereafter. 3. Business Segment Information Ball s operations are organized and reviewed by management along its product lines and geographical areas and presented in the three reportable segments outlined below. Beverage packaging, North and Central America : Consists of operations in the U.S., Canada and Mexico that manufacture and sell aluminum beverage containers throughout those countries. Beverage packaging, EMEA : Consists of operations in numerous countries throughout Europe, as well as Egypt and Turkey, that manufacture and sell aluminum beverage containers throughout those countries. Beverage packaging, South America : Consists of operations in Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay and Chile that manufacture and sell aluminum beverage containers throughout most of South America. 50 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements As presented in the tables below, Other consists of a non-reportable operating segment (beverage packaging, other) that manufactures and sells aluminum beverage containers in India and Myanmar; a non-reportable operating segment that manufactures and sells extruded aluminum aerosol containers and recloseable aluminum bottles across multiple consumer categories as well as aluminum slugs (personal home care) throughout North America, South America, and Europe; undistributed corporate expenses; and intercompany eliminations and other business activities. On August 27, 2025, the company sold 41 percent of its 51 percent ownership interest in Ball United Arab Can Manufacturing Company, which resulted in Ball deconsolidating the business and retaining a 10 percent ownership interest. The financial results of the Saudi Arabian business, which were a part of the beverage packaging, other, non-reportable operating segment, are presented in Other in the tables below through the date of the transaction and as of December 31, 2024, the assets and liabilities of the Saudi Arabian business were presented as current assets held for sale and current liabilities held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet. On March 21, 2025, Ball closed on a transaction for its aluminum cups business, which resulted in Ball deconsolidating the business. The financial results of the aluminum cups business are presented in Other in the tables below through the date of the transaction and the assets and liabilities of the business were presented as current assets held for sale and current liabilities held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024. See Note 4 for further details on the Saudi Arabia and aluminum cups businesses. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those used in the consolidated financial statements, as discussed in Note 1 . The company also has investments in operations in Guatemala, Panama, the U.S., Vietnam and Saudi Arabia that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting and, accordingly, those results are not included in segment sales or earnings. Ron Lewis, Chief Executive Officer, is the company s chief operating decision maker (CODM). For each reportable segment, the CODM uses segment comparable operating earnings to analyze profitability compared to internal forecasts and comparative prior periods. These analyses allow the CODM to have constructive dialogue with other company leaders on how to improve company performance. Major Customers Net sales to major customers, as a percentage of consolidated net sales, were as follows: 2025 2024 2023 Anheuser-Busch InBev and affiliates 15 % 16 % 15 % Coca-Cola Bottlers' Sales Services Company LLC and affiliates 14 % 13 % 13 % Red Bull GmbH and affiliates 11 % 9 % 8 % Summary of Net Sales by Geographic Area (a) ($ in millions) U.S. Brazil Other Consolidated 2025 $ 6,163 $ 1,494 $ 5,504 $ 13,161 2024 5,478 1,418 4,899 11,795 2023 5,872 1,408 4,782 12,062 (a) Revenue is attributed based on origin of sale and includes intercompany eliminations. 51 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Summary of Net Long-Lived Assets by Geographic Area (a) ($ in millions) U.S. Brazil Other Consolidated As of December 31, 2025 $ 3,218 $ 1,149 $ 3,683 $ 8,050 As of December 31, 2024 3,215 1,113 3,207 7,535 (a) Long-lived assets exclude goodwill and intangible assets. Summary of Business by Segment Years Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net sales Beverage packaging, North and Central America $ 6,286 $ 5,619 $ 5,963 Beverage packaging, EMEA 3,983 3,466 3,395 Beverage packaging, South America 2,162 1,951 1,960 Reportable segment sales 12,431 11,036 11,318 Other 730 759 744 Net sales $ 13,161 $ 11,795 $ 12,062 Comparable segment operating earnings (a) Beverage packaging, North and Central America $ 772 $ 747 $ 710 Beverage packaging, EMEA 495 416 354 Beverage packaging, South America 327 296 266 Reportable segment comparable operating earnings 1,594 1,459 1,330 Reconciling items Other (b) ( 39 ) ( 69 ) 12 Business consolidation and other activities 41 ( 420 ) ( 133 ) Amortization of acquired intangibles ( 135 ) ( 139 ) ( 135 ) Interest expense ( 314 ) ( 293 ) ( 460 ) Debt refinancing and other costs ( 19 ) ( 3 ) Earnings before taxes $ 1,128 $ 535 $ 614 (a) The difference between reportable segment net sales and comparable operating earnings is comprised of other segment items. Other segment items includes cost of sales, depreciation and amortization, selling, general and administrative and interest income amounts. The CODM does not receive or use these amounts at the reportable segment level. However, the CODM is provided these amounts at a consolidated level to manage operations. (b) Includes undistributed corporate expenses, net, of $ 155 million, $ 175 million and $ 74 million for the years ended December 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the year ended December 2024, undistributed corporate expenses, net, includes $ 82 million of incremental compensation cost from the successful sale of the aerospace business. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, undistributed corporate expenses, net, includes $ 1 million and $ 42 million of corporate interest income, respectively. 52 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Depreciation and amortization (a) Beverage packaging, North and Central America $ 225 $ 214 $ 220 Beverage packaging, EMEA 202 187 178 Beverage packaging, South America 145 148 145 Reportable segment depreciation and amortization 572 549 543 Other 50 62 62 Depreciation and amortization $ 622 $ 611 $ 605 (a) Includes amortization of acquired Rexam intangibles. The company does not disclose total assets by segment as it is not provided to the CODM. 4. Acquisitions and Dispositions Acquisition of Benepack European Production Facilities In January 2026, the company acquired an 80 percent capital share of Benepack s European beverage can manufacturing business from ORG Technology Co. Ltd. (ORG), for total consideration of $ 218 million (or 184 million), subject to customary closing adjustments. Ball paid $ 95 million (or 80 million) in cash for our 80 percent equity interest, with the remainder of the consideration primarily being assumed debt. ORG will retain a 20 percent ownership interest in the business. The business includes two manufacturing facilities, one in Belgium and one in Hungary, and will be consolidated into Ball s beverage packaging, EMEA, segment. The investment further optimizes the company s European manufacturing network as the facilities are well positioned to serve the growing demand of customers for sustainable packaging in the region. Saudi Arabia On August 27, 2025, the company sold 41 percent of its 51 percent ownership in Ball United Arab Can Manufacturing Company for a total cash consideration of $ 71 million, of which $ 66 million was received upon closing. The remaining $ 5 million of cash was received in the fourth quarter. A gain of $ 81 million was recognized and is presented in business consolidation and other activities in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2024, the assets and liabilities of the business were presented as current assets and current liabilities held for sale. The transaction resulted in deconsolidation upon closing, with Ball retaining a 10 percent ownership interest, which is reported in other assets as an equity method investment on the consolidated balance sheet. Aluminum Cups In the fourth quarter of 2024, Ball s Board of Directors provided approval for the company to form a strategic partnership for the aluminum cups business in early 2025. As a result, Ball recorded a noncash impairment charge of $ 233 million to adjust the carrying value of the disposal group of our aluminum cups business to its estimated fair value less cost to sell. This charge is included in business consolidation and other activities in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2024. The remaining assets and liabilities of the business are immaterial and consist primarily of working capital and were presented as current assets held for sale and current liabilities held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2024. On March 21, 2025, Ball and Ayna.AI LLC (Ayna) executed a Unit Purchase Agreement to form a strategic partnership in which Ball owns a 49 percent interest. Ball s interest in the entity, Oasis Venture Holdings LLC ( Oasis ), is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Ball recorded an additional loss of $ 8 million related to the 53 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements transaction in business consolidation and other activities in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025. Acquisition of Florida Can Manufacturing In February 2025, the company closed on the acquisition of Florida Can Manufacturing for cash consideration of $ 160 million. The business is comprised of an aluminum beverage can manufacturing facility located in Winter Haven, Florida and is part of Ball s beverage packaging, North and Central America, segment. The transaction strengthens the segment s supply network and enhances its ability to meet growing customer demand for sustainable beverage packaging solutions in the region. Personal Home Care Acquisition of Alucan Entec In October 2024, the company acquired the entire share capital of Alucan Entec, S.A, an impact extruded aluminum packaging business with a manufacturing facility in Lummen, Belgium and Llinars del Vall s, Spain, for the purchase price of $ 88 million (or 82 million), subject to customary closing adjustments. Using the exchange rate on the date of close, the initial cash consideration of $ 80 million (or 75 million) was paid at close and is presented in business acquisitions, net of cash acquired, in the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024, with an additional $ 8 million (or 7 million) to be paid over the next four years , less any potential obligations covered by the holdback arrangement. The business is part of Ball s PHC segment. The transaction broadens the geographic reach and expands the product portfolio of Ball s PHC business, serving the growing personal, home care and beverage bottle markets. Aerospace In the third quarter of 2023, Ball entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (Agreement) with BAE Systems, Inc. (BAE) and, for the limited purposes set forth therein, BAE Systems plc, to sell all outstanding equity interests in Ball s aerospace business. On February 16, 2024, the company completed the divestiture of the aerospace business for a purchase price of $ 5.6 billion, subject to working capital adjustments and other customary closing adjustments under the terms of the Agreement. In the third quarter of 2025, Ball finalized the customary closing adjustments with BAE, resulting in an immaterial adjustment. The divestiture resulted in a pre-tax gain of $ 4.61 billion, which is net of $ 20 million of costs to sell incurred and paid in 2023 related to the disposal. Cash proceeds received at close from the sale of $ 5.42 billion, net of the cash disposed, are presented in business dispositions, net of cash sold, in the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024. Completion of the divestiture resulted in the removal of the aerospace business from the company s obligor group as the business no longer guarantees the company s senior notes and senior credit facilities. The sale of the aerospace business represents a strategic shift that will have a major effect on Ball s operations and financial results, including the removal of the aerospace reportable segment. Due to this shift, for all periods presented, the consolidated financial statements reflect the aerospace business financial results as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of earnings. See Note 1 for further information on the basis of presentation. 54 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements The following table presents components of discontinued operations, net of tax for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 : Years Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net sales $ $ 261 $ 1,967 Cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization) ( 214 ) ( 1,605 ) Depreciation and amortization ( 9 ) ( 81 ) Selling, general and administrative ( 11 ) ( 62 ) Interest expense 1 Gain (loss) on disposition ( 3 ) 4,634 ( 20 ) Tax (provision) benefit 3 ( 1,077 ) 23 Discontinued operations, net of tax $ $ 3,584 $ 223 The 2024 and 2023 effective income tax rates on discontinued operations were 23.1 percent and negative 11.5 percent, respectively. As compared with the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of 21 percent, the 2024 effective income tax rate was increased by 2.4 percent for the impact of state and local taxes. As compared with the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of 21 percent, the 2023 effective income tax rate was reduced by 35.4 percent for federal tax credits, partially offset by 3.3 percent for the impact of state and local taxes. The following table presents depreciation and amortization, capital expenditures and significant operating and investing noncash items from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 included within the consolidated statements of cash flows. Amounts include adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Year Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Provided by (used in) Depreciation and amortization $ $ 9 $ 81 Loss (gain) on Aerospace disposal 3 ( 4,634 ) 20 Capital expenditures ( 13 ) ( 106 ) Noncash investing activities include the acquisition of property, plant and equipment (PP E) for which payment has not been made. These noncash capital expenditures are excluded from the consolidated statements of cash flows. A summary of the PP E acquired but not yet paid for from discontinued operations is as follows: Year Ended December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Supplemental cash flow information: PP E acquired but not yet paid $ $ 17 $ 23 55 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 5. Revenue from Contracts with Customers The following table disaggregates the company s net sales based on the timing of transfer of control: ($ in millions) Point in Time Over Time Total 2025 $ 2,317 $ 10,844 $ 13,161 2024 2,454 9,341 11,795 2023 2,352 9,710 12,062 The company did not have any contract assets at December 31, 2025, 2024, or 2023. The opening and closing balances of the company s current and noncurrent contract liabilities are as follows: Contract Contract Liabilities Liabilities ($ in millions) (Current) (Noncurrent) Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 114 3 Increase (decrease) ( 64 ) ( 1 ) Balance at December 31, 2024 $ 50 $ 2 Increase (decrease) 24 Balance at December 31, 2025 $ 74 $ 2 During the year ended December 31, 2025, contract liabilities increased by $ 24 million, which is net of cash received of $ 91 million and amounts recognized as sales of $ 67 million, the majority of which related to current contract liabilities. The amount of sales recognized during the year ended December 31, 2025, that was included in the company s opening contract liabilities balance was $ 50 million, all of which related to current contract liabilities. The difference between the opening and closing balances of the company s contract liabilities primarily results from timing differences between the company s performance and the customer s payments. Current contract liabilities are classified within other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and noncurrent contract liabilities are classified within other liabilities. 6. Business Consolidation and Other Activities 2025 During 2025, the company recorded income of $ 41 million, primarily composed of the $ 81 million gain on the sale of the Saudi Arabia business, and insurance proceeds for replacement costs related to the 2023 fire at the company s Verona, Virginia, extruded aluminum slug manufacturing facility, partially offset by costs for previously announced facility closures and the loss related to the aluminum cups business transaction. See Note 4 for further details on the Saudia Arabia and aluminum cups transactions. 2024 During 2024, the company recorded charges of $ 420 million primarily related to a $ 233 million noncash charge to adjust the carrying value of the aluminum cups business to its estimated fair value less cost to sell, $ 161 million facility closure costs and $ 34 million of costs for employee severance, employee benefits and other related items resulting from the company restructuring its operating model. The charges were partially offset by income of $ 44 million from the insurance proceeds for replacement costs related to the 2023 fire at the company s Verona, Virginia extruded aluminum slug manufacturing facility. See Note 4 for further details on the aluminum cups impairment. 56 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 2023 During 2023, the company recorded charges of $ 133 million primarily related to facility closure costs of $ 94 million, a $ 22 million foreign exchange loss associated with the company s Argentina business and $ 21 million transaction costs related to the sale of the company s aerospace business. Due to the sale of the aerospace business, the company reclassed $ 20 million of costs to sell incurred and paid in 2023 previously reported as business consolidation and other activities to discontinued operations, net of tax. See Note 4 for further details on the sale of the aerospace business. The facility closure costs during 2023 also include costs recorded to reflect the damage to assets, less insurance receipts, incurred as a result of the fire at the company s Verona, Virginia extruded aluminum slug manufacturing facility. 7. Supplemental Cash Flow Statement and Other Disclosures December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Beginning of period: Cash and cash equivalents $ 885 $ 695 Current restricted cash (included in other current assets) 8 15 Noncurrent restricted cash (included in other assets) 6 Cash reported in current assets held for sale 32 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ 931 $ 710 End of period: Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,212 $ 885 Current restricted cash (included in other current assets) 7 8 Noncurrent restricted cash (included in other assets) 2 6 Cash reported in current assets held for sale 32 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ 1,221 $ 931 The company s current restricted cash is primarily related to receivables factoring programs and represents amounts collected from customers that have not yet been remitted to the banks as of the end of the reporting period. Restricted cash also relates to consideration owed for business acquisitions. Noncash investing activities include the acquisition of property, plant and equipment (PP E) for which payment has not been made. These noncash capital expenditures are excluded from the consolidated statements of cash flows. A summary of the PP E acquired but not yet paid, inclusive of amounts related to the historical aerospace business, is as follows: December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Beginning of period: PP E acquired but not yet paid $ 96 $ 204 End of period: PP E acquired but not yet paid $ 161 $ 96 Supplier Finance Programs The company has several regional supplier finance programs, all of which have substantially similar characteristics, with various financial institutions that act as the paying agent for certain payables of the company. The company establishes 57 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements these programs through agreements with the financial institutions to enable more efficient payment processing to our suppliers while also providing our suppliers a potential source of liquidity to the extent they enter into a factoring agreement with the financial institutions. Our suppliers participation in the programs is voluntary, and the company is not involved in negotiations of the suppliers arrangements with the financial institutions to sell their receivables, and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not impacted by our suppliers decisions to sell amounts under these programs. Under these supplier finance programs, the company pays the financial institutions the stated amount of confirmed invoices from its participating suppliers on the original maturity dates of the invoices, which vary based on the negotiated terms with each supplier. All payment terms are short-term in nature and are not dependent on whether the suppliers participate in the supplier finance programs or if the suppliers elect to receive early payment from the financial institutions. Our supplier finance programs do not include any of the following: guarantees to the financial institutions, assets pledged as securities or interest accruing on the obligation prior to the due date. A rollforward of the amount of obligations outstanding that the company confirmed as valid to the financial institutions under the company's programs follows: December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Obligations outstanding at the beginning of period $ 423 $ 703 Invoices confirmed during the period 1,292 1,600 Confirmed invoices paid during the period ( 1,303 ) ( 1,851 ) Foreign exchange impacts 12 $ ( 29 ) Obligations outstanding at the end of period $ 424 $ 423 The amounts above are classified within accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheets, and the associated payments are reflected in the cash flows from operating activities section of the consolidated statements of cash flows. 8. Receivables, Net December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Trade accounts receivable $ 1,410 $ 1,258 Unbilled receivables 661 490 Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts ( 14 ) ( 12 ) Net trade accounts receivable 2,057 1,736 Other receivables 549 430 $ 2,606 $ 2,166 The company has entered into several regional accounts receivable factoring programs with various financial institutions for certain receivables of the company. The programs are accounted for as true sales of the receivables, with limited recourse to Ball, and had combined limits of approximately $ 1.82 billion and $ 1.60 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. A total of $ 364 million and $ 428 million were available for sale under these programs as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The company has recorded $ 38 million, $ 44 million and $ 93 million of expense related to its factoring programs in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and has presented these amounts in selling, general and administrative in its consolidated statements of earnings. Other receivables include income and indirect tax receivables, aluminum scrap sale receivables and other miscellaneous receivables. 58 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 9. Inventories, Net December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Raw materials and supplies $ 1,483 $ 1,089 Finished goods 619 470 Less: Inventory reserves ( 89 ) ( 82 ) $ 2,013 $ 1,477 10. Property, Plant an d Equipment, Net December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Land $ 225 $ 198 Buildings 1,935 1,794 Machinery and equipment 8,194 7,450 Construction-in-progress 932 836 11,286 10,278 Accumulated depreciation ( 4,630 ) ( 4,105 ) $ 6,656 $ 6,173 Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical or acquired cost. Depreciation expense amounted to $ 474 million, $ 460 million and $ 454 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As discussed in Note 4 , the assets of the aluminum cups and Saudi Arabian businesses were presented as current assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2024. In 2024, Ball recorded a noncash impairment charge related to the long-lived assets of the aluminum cups business, of which $ 200 million related to property, plant and equipment. Additionally, $ 30 million of current assets held for sale relates to property, plant and equipment of the Saudi Arabian business at December 31, 2024. 11. Goodwill ($ in millions) Beverage Packaging, North Central America Beverage Packaging, EMEA Beverage Packaging, South America Other Total Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 1,277 $ 1,378 $ 1,298 $ 297 $ 4,250 Additions 50 50 Effects of currency exchange ( 89 ) ( 35 ) ( 124 ) Other 2 ( 6 ) ( 4 ) Balance at December 31, 2024 $ 1,277 $ 1,289 $ 1,300 $ 306 $ 4,172 Additions 1 1 Effects of currency exchange 168 38 206 Balance at December 31, 2025 $ 1,277 $ 1,457 $ 1,300 $ 345 $ 4,379 59 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 12. Intangible Assets, Net December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Acquired customer relationships and other intangibles (net of accumulated amortization and impairment losses of $ 1.30 billion at December 31, 2025, and $ 1.11 billion at December 31, 2024) $ 940 $ 1,031 Capitalized software (net of accumulated amortization of $ 181 million at December 31, 2025, and $ 168 million at December 31, 2024) 22 28 Other intangibles (net of accumulated amortization of $ 16 million at December 31, 2025, and $ 12 million at December 31, 2024) 20 21 $ 982 $ 1,080 Total amortization expense of intangible assets was $ 148 million, $ 151 million and $ 151 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Based on intangible asset values and currency exchange rates as of December 31, 2025, total annual intangible asset amortization expense is expected to be $ 145 million, $ 141 million, $ 137 million, $ 135 million and $ 134 million for the years ending December 31, 2026 through 2030, respectively, and approximately $ 290 million combined for all years thereafter. As discussed in Note 4 , the assets of the Saudi Arabian business were presented as current assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2024, of which $ 29 million, net of accumulated amortization of $ 25 million, relates to acquired customer relationships. 13. Other Asset s December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Long-term pension assets $ 37 $ 36 Right-of-use operating lease assets 355 334 Investments in affiliates 257 233 Long-term deferred tax assets 64 63 Other 681 696 $ 1,394 $ 1,362 Investments in affiliates primarily includes the company s 50 percent ownership interest in an entity in Guatemala, a 50 percent ownership interest in an entity in Panama, a 50 percent ownership interest in an entity in Vietnam, a 50 percent ownership interest in an entity in the U.S., a 33 percent ownership interest in an entity in the U.S., and a 10 percent ownership in an entity in Saudi Arabia. In September and December 2025, Ball acquired $ 47 million and $ 52 million of equity-linked notes, respectively. These notes are linked to the stock market performance of ORG Technology Co. Ltd. (ORG) Class A shares, the equity investee of the issuer of the notes. The notes, accounted for using the fair value option, mature in September and December 2028 and are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The company elected the fair value option. As of December 31, 2025, the fair value of the equity-linked notes classified in other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet was $ 101 million. The related income for 2025 was insignificant. The notes have underlying credit risk as the company could lose a portion or all of the value of the notes if the issuer of the notes or ORG experience financial difficulties. 60 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements See Note 14 , Note 16 and Note 17 for further details related to the company s long-term right-of-use operating lease assets, deferred tax assets and pension assets, respectively. 14. Lease s The components of lease expense were as follows: December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Operating lease expense $ ( 97 ) $ ( 98 ) Financing lease expense ( 2 ) ( 4 ) Variable lease expense ( 14 ) ( 11 ) Sublease income 1 2 Net lease expense $ ( 112 ) $ ( 111 ) Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurements of lease liabilities: Operating cash outflows for operating leases $ ( 101 ) $ ( 97 ) Financing cash outflows for finance leases ( 3 ) ( 3 ) ROU assets obtained in exchange for: Operating lease obligations 102 53 Finance lease obligations 2 24 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: December 31, ($ in millions) Balance Sheet Location 2025 2024 Operating leases: Operating lease ROU asset Other assets $ 355 $ 334 Current operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities 78 79 Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Other liabilities 283 265 Finance leases: Finance lease ROU assets, net Property, plant and equipment, net 7 31 Current finance lease liabilities Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt 2 26 Noncurrent finance lease liabilities Long-term debt 6 5 61 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate for the company s leases were as follows: December 31, 2025 2024 Weighted average remaining lease term in years: Operating leases 7 7 Finance leases 5 1 Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases 4.8 % 4.4 % Finance leases 3.6 % 4.8 % Maturities of lease liabilities are as follows: ($ in millions) Operating Leases Finance Leases 2026 $ 83 $ 2 2027 75 1 2028 60 1 2029 45 1 2030 38 1 Thereafter 110 2 Future value of lease liabilities 411 8 Less: Imputed interest ( 50 ) Present value of lease liabilities $ 361 $ 8 62 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 15. Debt and Interest Costs Long-term debt outstanding and interest rates in effect, along with short-term debt outstanding, consisted of the following: December 31, ($ in millions) 2025 2024 Senior Notes 5.25 % due July 2025 $ $ 189 4.875 % due March 2026 256 1.50 %, euro denominated, due March 2027 646 569 6.875 % due March 2028 750 6.00 % due June 2029 1,000 1,000 2.875 % due August 2030 1,300 1,300 3.125 % due September 2031 850 850 4.25 %, euro denominated, due July 2032 998 5.50 % due September 2033 750 Senior Credit Facility (at variable rates) U.S. dollar revolver due June 2030 Multi-currency revolver due June 2030 Term A loan due June 2027 ( 5.51 % - 2025) 625 Term A loan due November 2030 ( 4.97 % - 2025) 1,500 Finance lease obligations 8 7 Other (including debt issuance costs) ( 59 ) ( 43 ) 6,993 5,503 Less: Current portion of long-term debt ( 2 ) ( 191 ) Long-term debt $ 6,991 $ 5,312 Short-term debt Current portion of long-term debt $ 2 $ 191 Short-term finance leases 24 Short-term committed loans 109 Short-term uncommitted credit facilities 19 37 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt $ 21 $ 361 On November 25, 2025, Ball refinanced its existing senior credit facilities that were previously amended in 2022, which included redeeming the outstanding obligation of $ 625 million on its term loan due June 2027. The company s senior credit facilities include a $ 1.50 billion term loan and long-term multi-currency revolving facilities that mature in November 2030, which provide the company with up to U.S. dollar equivalent of $ 2.00 billion. At December 31, 2025, $ 1.95 billion was available under these revolving credit facilities. The company had approximately $ 943 million of short-term uncommitted credit facilities available at December 31, 2025. The weighted average interest rate of the outstanding short-term committed loans and uncommitted credit facilities, the majority of which are outstanding in the beverage packaging, South America, segment, was 25.51 percent at December 31, 2025, and 18.30 percent at December 31, 2024. On November 17, 2025, Ball redeemed all of the outstanding principal of its $ 750 million of 6.875 % senior notes due in March 2028. On December 15, 2025, Ball redeemed all of the outstanding principal of its $ 256 million of 4.875 % senior notes due in March 2026. 63 Table of Contents Ball Corporation Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements In August 2025, Ball issued $ 750 million of 5.50 % senior notes due in 2033 and repaid the out