=== DG_2026-04-07.htm.gz ===
tm261322-1_nonfiling - none - 25.7669033s TABLE OF CONTENTS UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 Dollar General Corporation (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS, On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to invite you to the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Dollar General Corporation on May 28, 2026, at 8:00 a.m. CT. Please see the Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders for instructions to join the meeting. It is an honor to have been appointed Chairman of the Board. I am grateful to Mike Calbert for his leadership, insight, and dedicated service to Dollar General and look forward to continuing to work with him and the rest of the Board to provide strong oversight and to advance our mission. We had a strong 2025 during which we continued to deliver on our mission of Serving Others every day. Our results are driven by the dedication of our team, and we are proud that our efforts are resonating with customers. Our meaningful progress and continued momentum would not be possible without a skilled and experienced management team guiding us through our value creation journey. In October, we welcomed back Donny Lau as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Donny s strong understanding of our business and culture, combined with his notable financial expertise, makes him well-suited to enhance performance and deliver lasting value for shareholders. In November, we appointed Emily Taylor as our Chief Operating Officer. Emily most recently was our Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer, bringing more than 25 years of Dollar General experience to the COO role, along with strategic vision and a proven record of enhancing the customer experience. The Board remains actively engaged and collaborates closely with the management team. The Board consists of dedicated and highly skilled members, each bringing valuable experience to represent our shareholders long-term interests. Through deliberate and strategic Board refreshment, we have welcomed three new independent directors over the last four years. We also are delighted to announce Greg Hicks as a nominee for election to our Board as an independent director at this year s Annual Meeting. Greg brings to our Board over 25 years of retail experience, including deep merchandising and operations expertise, and we look forward to his contributions. After serving on the Board since 2009, Warren Bryant will not be standing for re-election at this year s Annual Meeting. We thank him for his many years of dedicated service and wish him the best in his retirement. The Board also engages in annual evaluations to ensure that we have effective Board leadership and oversight and are working efficiently. These efforts ensure that we continue to have the right mix of experiences and perspectives to oversee the execution of our strategy. We are committed to building and maintaining relationships with shareholders to ensure your perspectives are understood and considered. We conduct both year-round outreach and focused outreach in the fall. As part of this focused outreach in 2025, we invited shareholders representing approximately 52% of shares outstanding to participate in our shareholder engagement program, with 46% of shares outstanding electing to participate. As Chairman of the Board, Mike led engagement with investors representing approximately 28% of shares outstanding. The feedback we received helped inform our public disclosures and the Board s decision-making regarding corporate governance, shareholder rights, executive compensation, sustainability and corporate responsibility. Thank you for your investment in Dollar General. I am grateful for your continued trust in us. SINCERELY, DAVID P. ROWLAND CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD APRIL 7, 2026 We will begin mailing to shareholders printed copies of this document and the form of proxy or the Notice of Internet Availability on or about April 7, 2026. TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS DATE TIME LOCATION Thursday, May 28, 2026 8:00 a.m. Central Time Virtual via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DG2026 (the Annual Meeting Website ) ITEMS OF BUSINESS: To elect as directors the nine nominees listed in the Proxy Statement To hold an advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation as disclosed in the Proxy Statement To ratify the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2026 To vote upon three shareholder proposals, as described in the Proxy Statement, if properly presented at the annual meeting To transact any other business that may properly come before the annual meeting and any adjournments of that meeting WHO MAY VOTE: Shareholders of record at the close of business on March 19, 2026 HOW TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ANNUAL MEETING: There will be no physical location for the annual meeting, which will be held entirely online via live webcast through the Annual Meeting Website. To participate in the meeting, visit the Annual Meeting Website at the time of the meeting and enter your 16-digit control number found on your Notice of Internet Availability, proxy card or voting instruction form. Shareholders who follow such instructions will be counted as attending the meeting in person. Prior to the meeting, you also will be able to vote at www.proxyvote.com and by the other methods described in the Proxy Statement. We encourage you to vote in advance of the meeting even if you intend to attend the meeting. For more information, please see Solicitation, Meeting and Voting Information in the Proxy Statement. By Order of the Board of Directors, Goodlettsville, Tennessee April 7, 2026 Christine L. Connolly Corporate Secretary TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in the Proxy Statement or about Dollar General. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should review all of the information contained in the Proxy Statement before voting. WHO WE ARE We are America s neighborhood general store, serving the needs of our customers by providing convenience, value and service Every day! (1) As of January 30, 2026. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY BOARD NOMINEES (pp. 5 - 9, 14 - 15 and 20) Name and Principal Occupation Independent Age Director Since (Calendar Year) Board Leadership and Committee Positions Other Public Board Service Michael M. Calbert Retired Member, KKR Co. L.P. 63 2007 Audit PVH Corp. Ana M. Chadwick Former EVP, CFO Treasurer, Insulet Corporation 54 2022 Audit (Chair) Gregory H. Hicks President CEO, Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited 55 2026* Audit* CHCM* Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited Timothy I. McGuire Executive Chairman, Jump Plus Stores ULC 65 2018 CHCM (Chair) Technology David P. Rowland Retired Executive Chairman, Accenture plc 65 2023 Chairman of the Board Technology (Chair) Debra A. Sandler President CEO, La Grenade Group, LLC 66 2020 Audit NGCR (Chair) Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Archer Daniels Midland Company USA TODAY Co., Inc. Ralph E. Santana CEO, Recteq Grills 58 2018 NGCR Technology Kathleen M. Scarlett Senior EVP, Human Resources Corporate Affairs, Best Buy Co., Inc. 62 2024 CHCM NGCR Todd J. Vasos 64 2015 KeyCorp CEO, Dollar General Corporation * If elected at the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders CHCM = Compensation and Human Capital Management Committee NGCR = Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY BOARD NOMINEES KEY STATISTICS (pp. 4 - 9) BOARD-LEVEL STRATEGY AND RISK OVERSIGHT (pp. 12 - 15) Our Board of Directors, assisted by its four independent committees, actively oversees our corporate strategy and related risks: AUDIT COMMITTEE Oversees financial reporting matters and enterprise risk management, including cybersecurity risk COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE Oversees significant human capital management matters, primarily including employee recruitment, retention and engagement; labor matters; and compensation TECHNOLOGY COMMITTEE Oversees technology strategy and related investments NOMINATING, GOVERNANCE AND CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE Oversees corporate governance and significant corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT (pp. 11 - 12) Our Board of Directors appreciates and proactively seeks the viewpoints of our shareholders. Our focused outreach in the fall of 2025 encompassed a broad base of shareholders and discussion topics and helped inform our public disclosures and our Board s decision-making regarding corporate governance, shareholder rights, executive compensation, sustainability and corporate responsibility matters. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY PAY FOR PERFORMANCE (pp. 22 - 32) The primary elements of our 2025 annual executive compensation program are summarized in the chart below and reflect significant alignment with our shareholders interests. Pay Element Vehicle Key Details Base Salary Cash Reflects comparable positions in the competitive marketplace, recognizing performance, responsibilities and experience Short-Term Incentive Teamshare Cash Adjusted EBIT (70%) Net Sales (20%) Strategic Objective (Project Elevate) (10%) Long-Term Incentive* RSUs (50%) 3-Year Ratable Vesting PSUs (50%) Performance Metrics / Vesting Periods: 1-Year Adjusted EBITDA (50%) / 3-Year Ratable Vesting 3-Year Average Adjusted ROIC (50%) / 3-Year Cliff Vesting * Mr. Vasos was not granted long-term incentive awards for 2025. Mr. Lau s PSUs for 2025 are tied solely to the 3-year Average Adjusted ROIC metric. The most recent shareholder advisory vote on our named executive officer compensation was held on May 29, 2025. Excluding abstentions and broker non-votes, 93.5% of total votes were cast in support of the program. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY VOTING MATTERS (pp. 1 - 10, 55, and 60 - 72) 2026 Proposals Board Recommendation Election of Directors Item 1 on the Ballot For Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation Item 2 on the Ballot For Ratification of Appointment of Auditors Item 3 on Ballot For Shareholder Proposals Items 4-6 on the Ballot Against HOW TO VOTE (p. 2) MAIL PHONE INTERNET IN PERSON Complete, sign, date and mail your proxy card or voting instruction form 1-800-690-6903 www.proxyvote.com May 28, 2026 8:00 a.m., CT On the Annual Meeting Website ANNUAL MEETING WEBSITE: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DG2026 See Solicitation, Meeting and Voting Information for instructions on how to participate in the annual meeting. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS SOLICITATION, MEETING AND VOTING INFORMATION 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (Item 1 on the Ballot) 4 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 11 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 18 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 20 TRANSACTIONS WITH MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS 21 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 22 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 22 Compensation Committee Report 32 Summary Compensation Table 33 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2025 35 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End 36 Option Exercises and Stock Vested During Fiscal 2025 38 Pension Benefits Fiscal 2025 38 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Fiscal 2025 38 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 41 Pay Versus Performance 50 Pay Ratio Disclosure 54 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 54 Compensation Risk Considerations 54 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION (Item 2 on the Ballot) 55 SECURITY OWNERSHIP 56 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 56 Security Ownership of Officers and Directors 57 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 58 FEES PAID TO AUDITORS 59 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF AUDITORS (Item 3 on the Ballot) 60 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS (Items 4-6 on the Ballot) 61 SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2027 ANNUAL MEETING 73 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE SHAREHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON MAY 28, 2026 The Proxy Statement, our 2025 Annual Report and a form of proxy card are available at www.proxyvote.com. You will need your Notice of Internet Availability or proxy card to access the proxy materials. As permitted by rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), we are furnishing our proxy materials over the Internet to some of our shareholders. This means that some shareholders will not receive paper copies of these documents but instead will receive only a Notice of Internet Availability containing instructions on how to access the proxy materials over the Internet and how to request a paper copy of our proxy materials, including the Proxy Statement, our 2025 Annual Report, and a proxy card. Shareholders who do not receive a Notice of Internet Availability will receive a paper copy of the proxy materials by mail, unless they have previously requested delivery of proxy materials electronically. 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS PROXY STATEMENT This document is the Proxy Statement of Dollar General Corporation that we use to solicit your proxy to vote upon certain matters at our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held at 8:00 a.m., Central Time, on Thursday, May 28, 2026, entirely online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DG2026 (the Annual Meeting Website ). We will begin mailing to shareholders printed copies of this document and the form of proxy or the Notice of Internet Availability on or about April 7, 2026. The information contained in any websites, reports or policies that we reference in this Proxy Statement are not incorporated by reference into, and do not form a part of, this Proxy Statement, except to the extent expressly stated otherwise. Annual Meeting Website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/DG2026 SOLICITATION, MEETING AND VOTING INFORMATION What is Dollar General Corporation and where is it located? Dollar General Corporation (NYSE: DG) is proud to serve as America s neighborhood general store. Founded in 1939, Dollar General lives its mission of Serving Others every day by providing access to affordable products and services for its customers, career opportunities for its employees, and literacy and education support for its hometown communities. As of January 30, 2026, the Company s 20,893 Dollar General, DG Market, DGX and pOpshelf stores across the United States and Mi S per Dollar General stores in Mexico provide everyday essentials including food, health and wellness products, cleaning and laundry supplies, self-care and beauty items, and seasonal d cor from our high-quality private brands alongside many of the world s most trusted brands. Our principal executive offices are located at 100 Mission Ridge, Goodlettsville, Tennessee 37072. We also refer to our company as we, us or similar terms, or as Dollar General or the Company. Unless otherwise noted or required by the context, 2026, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, and 2021 refer to our fiscal years ending or ended January 29, 2027, January 30, 2026, January 31, 2025, February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, respectively. What is a proxy and who is asking for it and paying for the cost to solicit it? A proxy is your legal designation of another person, called a proxy, to vote your stock. The document designating someone as a proxy is also called a proxy or a proxy card. Our directors, officers and employees are soliciting your proxy on behalf of our Board of Directors and will not be specially paid for doing so. Solicitation of proxies by mail may be supplemented by telephone, email and other electronic means, advertisements, personal solicitation, news releases issued by Dollar General, postings on our website or otherwise. Dollar General will pay all expenses of this solicitation. We have retained Innisfree M A Incorporated to act as a proxy solicitor for a fee of $17,500, plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses. How may I attend and participate in the annual meeting? The annual meeting is being held entirely online via the Annual Meeting Website. Only shareholders of record as of March 19, 2026 (the Record Date ), may vote at the meeting, view the list of shareholders as of the Record Date, or submit questions regarding voting items during the meeting. To attend the meeting, please visit the Annual Meeting Website and enter your Control Number. If you do not have your Control Number, you may still attend the meeting by visiting the Annual Meeting Website and registering as a guest, but you will not be able to vote your shares, examine our list of shareholders or submit questions during the meeting. You may log into the Annual Meeting Website beginning at 7:45 a.m., Central Time, on May 28, 2026, and the meeting will begin promptly at 8:00 a.m., Central Time. If you intend to join the meeting, you should ensure that you have a strong WiFi or internet connection. We encourage you to access the Annual Meeting Website before the meeting begins, and you should give yourself plenty of time to log in and ensure that you can hear streaming audio prior to the start of the meeting. If you experience any technical difficulties logging into the Annual Meeting Website or at any time during the meeting, please call the technical support number, which will be posted on the login page of the Annual Meeting Website. Technical support will be available beginning at 7:45 a.m., Central Time, on the meeting day through the end of the meeting. What is a Control Number? To attend and participate in the annual meeting online, you will need your Control Number. The Control Number is a 16-digit number that you can find in the Notice of Internet Availability or the proxy card (in each case if you are a 2026 Proxy Statement 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS SOLICITATION, MEETING AND VOTING INFORMATION shareholder of record), as applicable, or in the voting instruction form (if you are a street name holder). Who may vote at the annual meeting? You may vote if you owned shares of Dollar General common stock at the close of business on the Record Date. As of that date, there were 220,226,320 shares of Dollar General common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Each share is entitled to one vote on each matter. How many votes must be present to hold the annual meeting? A quorum, consisting of the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority of shares of our common stock outstanding on the Record Date, must exist to conduct business at the annual meeting. If a quorum is not present, the presiding officer at the meeting may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum is present. What am I voting on? You will be asked to vote on: the election of the nine nominees listed in this Proxy Statement (Item 1 on the Ballot); the approval on an advisory basis of our named executive officer compensation as disclosed in this Proxy Statement (Item 2 on the Ballot); the ratification of the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm (the independent auditor ) for 2026 (Item 3 on the Ballot); and the shareholder proposals described in this Proxy Statement (Items 4-6 on the Ballot) if properly presented. We are unaware of other matters to be acted upon at the annual meeting. Under Tennessee law and our governing documents, no other non-procedural business may be raised at the meeting unless proper notice has been given to shareholders. How do I vote? If you are a shareholder of record, you may vote your proxy prior to the meeting date over the telephone or Internet or, if you received printed proxy materials, by marking, signing, dating and returning the printed proxy card in the enclosed envelope. Please refer to the Notice of Internet Availability or proxy card, as applicable, for the telephone number, Internet address and other instructions. Alternatively, you may attend the meeting and vote your shares on the Annual Meeting Website after entering your Control Number. Even if you plan to attend the meeting, we recommend that you vote in advance so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to attend the meeting. If you are a street name holder, your broker, trustee, bank or other nominee will provide materials and instructions for voting your shares. You also may vote your shares during the meeting on the Annual Meeting Website after entering your Control Number. What is the difference between a shareholder of record and a street name holder? You are a shareholder of record if your shares are registered directly in your name with EQ Shareowner Services, our transfer agent. You are a street name holder if your shares are held in the name of a brokerage firm, bank, trust or other nominee as custodian. What if I receive more than one Notice of Internet Availability or proxy card? You will receive multiple Notices of Internet Availability or proxy cards if you hold shares in different ways (e.g., joint tenancy, trusts, custodial accounts, etc.) or in multiple accounts. Street name holders will receive the Notice of Internet Availability or proxy card or other voting information, along with voting instructions, from their brokers. Please vote the shares represented by each Notice of Internet Availability or proxy card you receive to ensure that all your shares are voted. How will my proxy be voted? The persons named on the proxy card will vote your proxy as you direct. If you return a signed proxy card or complete the Internet or telephone voting procedures but do not specify how you want to vote your shares, the persons named on the proxy card will vote your shares in accordance with the recommendations of our Board of Directors. If business other than that described in this Proxy Statement is properly raised, your proxies have authority to vote as they think best, including to adjourn the annual meeting. Can I change my mind and revoke my proxy? Yes. A shareholder of record may revoke a proxy given pursuant to this solicitation by: signing a valid, later-dated proxy card and submitting it so that it is received before the annual meeting in accordance with the instructions included on the proxy card; at or before the meeting, submitting to our Corporate Secretary a written notice of revocation dated later than the date of the proxy; submitting a later-dated vote by telephone or Internet no later than 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 27, 2026; or attending the meeting and voting in person. Note that attendance at the meeting, by itself, will not revoke your proxy. A street name holder may revoke a proxy given pursuant to this solicitation by following the instructions of the bank, broker, trustee or other nominee who holds his or her shares. 2 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS SOLICITATION, MEETING AND VOTING INFORMATION How many votes are needed to elect directors? To be elected at the annual meeting, a nominee must receive the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by holders of shares entitled to vote at the meeting. Under our Charter, the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast means that the number of votes cast in favor of a nominee s election exceeds the number of votes cast against his or her election. You may vote in favor of or against the election of each nominee, or you may elect to abstain from voting your shares (Item 1 on the Ballot). What happens if a director nominee fails to receive the required vote for election? If a director nominee who is not currently serving as a director does not receive the required vote for election at the annual meeting, such nominee will not be elected as a director. In this event, our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may fill the resulting vacancy or decrease the Board s size. An incumbent director who does not receive the required vote for election at the annual meeting must promptly tender a resignation as a director for consideration by our Board pursuant to our Board-approved director resignation policy. Each incumbent director standing for election at the meeting has agreed to resign, effective upon our Board s acceptance of such resignation, if such director does not receive a majority vote. If our Board rejects the offered resignation, the incumbent director will continue to serve as a holdover director until the next annual shareholders meeting and until his or her successor is duly elected or his or her earlier resignation or removal in accordance with our Bylaws. If our Board accepts the offered resignation, our Board, in its sole discretion, may fill the resulting vacancy or decrease the Board s size. How many votes are needed to approve other matters? The remaining management proposals (Items 2 and 3 on the Ballot) and the shareholder proposals (Items 4-6 on the Ballot) will be approved if the votes cast in favor of the applicable proposal exceed the votes cast against it. The vote on the compensation of our named executive officers (Item 2 on the Ballot) is advisory and, therefore, not binding on Dollar General, our Board of Directors, or its Compensation and Human Capital Management ( CHCM ) Committee. With respect to each of these proposals, and any other matter properly brought before the annual meeting, you may vote in favor of or against the proposal, or you may elect to abstain from voting your shares. How will abstentions and broker non-votes be treated? Abstentions and broker non-votes will be treated as shares that are present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present but will not be counted as votes cast either in favor of or against a particular proposal and will have no effect on the outcome of the particular proposal. What are broker non-votes? Although your broker is the record holder of any shares that you hold in street name, it must vote those shares pursuant to your instructions. If you do not provide instructions, your broker may exercise discretionary voting power over your shares for routine items but not for non-routine items. All matters described in this Proxy Statement, except for the ratification of the appointment of our independent auditor, are considered to be non-routine matters. Broker non-votes occur when shares held of record by a broker are not voted on a matter because the street name holder of the shares has not provided voting instructions and the broker either lacks or declines to exercise the authority to vote the shares in its discretion. How can I ask questions or view the list of shareholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting? You may submit questions regarding the voting items in advance of the annual meeting from May 14, 2026, through May 22, 2026, by visiting www.proxyvote.com and entering your Control Number. You also may submit questions regarding the voting items during the meeting on the Annual Meeting Website after entering your Control Number. Rules of Conduct for the meeting, including without limitation rules pertaining to submission of questions, will be available prior to the meeting on www.proxyvote.com and on the Annual Meeting Website. We encourage you to review the Rules of Conduct in advance of the meeting. During the meeting, shareholders of record may examine the list of shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting on the Annual Meeting Website after entering their Control Number and completing the required attestation form that will be available on the Annual Meeting Website. To inspect such shareholder list prior to the meeting, please contact our Investor Relations department at 615-855-5529 or investorrelations@dollargeneral.com. Will a recording of the annual meeting be available after the meeting? Yes. Within 24 hours following the annual meeting, a recording of the meeting will be available on our website at https://investor.dollargeneral.com under News and Events Events and Presentations for at least 30 days. The information on our website, however, is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form a part of, this Proxy Statement. 2026 Proxy Statement 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Election of Directors (ITEM 1 ON THE BALLOT) What is the structure of the Board of Directors? Our Board of Directors must consist of one to 15 directors, with the exact number set by the Board. The Board size is currently fixed at nine. How are directors identified and nominated? The Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee (the NGCR Committee ) is responsible for identifying, evaluating and recommending director candidates, including the slate to be presented to shareholders for election at the annual meeting, to our Board of Directors, which makes the ultimate election or nomination determination, as applicable. The NGCR Committee may use a variety of methods to identify potential director candidates, such as recommendations by our directors, management, shareholders or third-party search firms. The NGCR Committee has retained a third-party search firm to assist in identifying potential Board candidates who meet our qualification and experience requirements and, for any such candidate identified by such search firm, to compile and evaluate information regarding the candidate s qualifications and experience and to conduct reference checks. Gregory H. Hicks, a nominee for election at the annual meeting, was identified as a candidate by a third-party search firm. Our Board of Directors values diversity in its broadest sense and has adopted a written policy to endeavor to achieve a mix of members with a variety of backgrounds and experience in areas that are relevant to our business. This policy further provides that the NGCR Committee should seek to include qualified women and individuals from underrepresented groups in the pool from which candidates can be selected. The NGCR Committee periodically assesses this policy s effectiveness as part of its annual performance evaluation. The matrix included below illustrates the experience and attributes of our director nominees and reflects the key skills, qualifications and experience that our Board has determined to be important in light of our current and expected business needs. 4 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Election of Directors How are nominees evaluated; what are the threshold qualifications? The NGCR Committee is charged with recommending to our Board of Directors those candidates who it believes are qualified to serve as Board members consistent with the director selection criteria established by the Board. The NGCR Committee assesses a candidate s independence, background, experience and time commitments, as well as our Board s skill needs. With respect to incumbent directors, the NGCR Committee also assesses the meeting attendance record and suitability for continued service. The NGCR Committee determines whether each nominee is in a position to devote adequate time to the effective performance of director duties and possesses the following threshold characteristics: integrity and accountability, informed judgment, financial literacy, a cooperative approach, a record of achievement, loyalty, and the ability to consult with and advise management. The NGCR Committee recommends candidates, including those submitted by shareholders, only if it believes a candidate s knowledge, experience and expertise would strengthen our Board and that the candidate is committed to representing our shareholders long-term interests. While our focus and priorities may change from time to time, the Experience and Composition Matrix above summarizes the key skills, qualifications and experience that our Board believes are important in light of our current and expected business needs. Who are the nominees this year? All director nominees were selected by our Board of Directors upon the recommendation of the NGCR Committee. The nominees include eight incumbent directors who were elected at the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, as well as Mr. Hicks who will join our Board effective as of the annual meeting if elected. Mr. Warren F. Bryant, who has served on our Board since 2009, is not standing for re-election, and his term will expire effective at the time of the annual meeting. Our Board believes that each of the nominees can devote an adequate amount of time to the effective performance of director duties, is in compliance with our overboarding policy detailed in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and possesses all of the threshold qualifications identified above. If elected, each nominee would hold office until the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, subject to any earlier resignation or removal. The following lists the nominees, their ages at the date of this Proxy Statement and the calendar year in which they first became a director, along with their biographies and the experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that led our Board to conclude that each nominee should serve as a director of Dollar General. MICHAEL M. CALBERT Age: 63 Director Since: 2007 Biography: Mr. Calbert joined the private equity firm KKR Co. L.P. in January 2000 and was directly involved with several KKR portfolio companies until his retirement in January 2014, after which he served as a consultant to KKR until June 2015. Mr. Calbert led KKR s Retail industry team prior to his retirement. He also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Randall s Food Markets from 1997 until it was sold in September 1999 and worked as a certified public accountant and consultant with Arthur Andersen Worldwide from 1985 to 1994, where his primary focus was the retail and consumer industry. Mr. Calbert has served as a director of PVH Corp. since May 2022 and previously served as a director of Executive Network Partnering Corporation from September 2020 to October 2022 and AutoZone, Inc. from May 2019 to December 2021. He previously served as our Chairman of the Board from January 2016 until February 2026 and from July 2007 until December 2008 and as our lead director from March 2013 until January 2016. Specific Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Calbert has considerable experience in managing private equity portfolio companies and with corporate finance and strategic business planning activities. He has a strong background and extensive experience in advising and managing companies in the retail industry, including evaluating business strategies and operations, financial plans and structures, risk, and management teams. His current and former service on various company boards in the retail industry further strengthens his knowledge and experience within our industry. Mr. Calbert also has a significant financial and accounting background, previously serving as the chief financial officer of a retail company for two years and as a certified public accountant for 10 years. 2026 Proxy Statement 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Election of Directors ANA M. CHADWICK Age: 54 Director Since: 2022 Biography: Ms. Chadwick most recently served as Senior Advisor of Insulet Corporation, a medical device company (September 2025 to February 2026). She previously served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Insulet (April 2024 to September 2025) and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pitney Bowes Inc. (January 2021 to April 2024). She joined General Electric Company in 1993, serving for 28 years in various roles, including President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Capital Global Legacy Solutions (March 2019 to January 2021); Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of GE Capital Global Legacy Solutions (February 2016 to February 2019); Controller of GE Capital Americas (September 2014 to January 2016); Chief Financial Officer of GE Capital Energy Financial Services (July 2010 to August 2014); Chief Operating Officer of GE Capital Global Banking GE Money Bank Latin America (February 2009 to June 2010); Chief Financial Officer of GE Capital Consumer Finance Latin America (December 2005 to January 2009); Chief Financial Officer of GE Capital Consumer Finance GE Capital Bank Switzerland (December 2003 to November 2005); and a variety of other finance and audit positions of increasing responsibility. Specific Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Ms. Chadwick has significant financial and risk management expertise and over 30 years of experience in various financial planning, audit, banking, and accounting roles. Through these various roles, she has led large global teams of employees and played a critical role in various joint ventures, divestitures and restructurings. These experiences bring deep and disciplined perspective to our Audit Committee and Board. In addition, having lived and worked in several Latin American countries, including growing businesses in Latin America, she brings valuable perspective to our Board as the Company works to expand its operations into Mexico and to further serve its diverse customer base in the United States. GREGORY H. HICKS Age: 55 Nominee for election at the annual meeting Biography: Mr. Hicks has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited, a Canadian retail company, since March 2020. He also served as President, Canadian Tire Retail (March 2017 to March 2020), and Group Senior Vice President, Consumer Products Retail Experience, Canadian Tire Retail (September 2013 to March 2017). Prior to rejoining Canadian Tire in 2013, Mr. Hicks served as President of Retail Audible (September 2012 to June 2013) and as Chief Operating Officer of TSC Stores LP (July 2006 to September 2012). He initially joined Canadian Tire in 2000 and held roles of increasing responsibility across merchandising, sourcing, marketing and operations until June 2006. Mr. Hicks has served as a director of Canadian Tire since March 2020 and previously served as a director of CT REIT from May 2018 to May 2021. Specific Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Hicks brings over 25 years of senior leadership experience in large-scale, complex retail and consumer businesses. As President and CEO of Canadian Tire, he has led a multi-banner, omnichannel enterprise through periods of significant disruption and transformation. He has a strong background and extensive experience in many areas relevant to our business, including strategic planning, merchandising, owned brands, global sourcing, retail operations, loyalty and personalization, digital and data-enabled retail capabilities, and risk management. 6 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Election of Directors TIMOTHY I. MCGUIRE Age: 65 Director Since: 2018 Biography: Mr. McGuire has served as the Executive Chairman of Jump Plus Stores ULC, a Canadian chain of Apple Premium Partner consumer electronics stores, since June 2024. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Mobile Service Center Canada, Ltd. (d/b/a Mobile Klinik, a business division of TELUS Corporation) from October 2018 through August 2022, and as its Chairman of the Board from June 2017 to October 2018 and director from March 2017 to July 2020. He retired from McKinsey Company in August 2017 after serving as a leader of its global retail and consumer practice for almost 28 years, including leading the Americas retail practice for five years. While at McKinsey, Mr. McGuire led consulting efforts with major retail, telecommunications, consumer service, and marketing organizations in Canada, the United States, Latin America, Europe, and Australia. Mr. McGuire also held various positions with Procter Gamble (1983 to 1989), including Marketing Director for the Canadian Food Beverage division. Specific Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. McGuire brings over 30 years of valuable retail experience to our company. He has expertise in strategy, new store/concept development, marketing and sales, operations, international expansion, big data and advanced analytics, as well as risk management experience. In addition, Mr. McGuire s focus while at McKinsey on use of advanced analytics in retail, developing and implementing growth strategies for consumer services, food, general merchandise and multi-channel retailers, developing new retail formats, the application of lean operations techniques, the redesign of merchandise flows, supply chain optimization efforts, and the redesign of purchasing and supplier-management approaches, brings extensive relevant perspectives to our Board as it seeks to consult and advise our CEO and to shape our corporate strategy. DAVID P. ROWLAND Age: 65 Director Since: 2023 Biography: Mr. Rowland has served as our Chairman of the Board since February 2026. He served as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Accenture plc, a leading global professional services company, from September 2019 to September 2021. Prior thereto, Mr. Rowland served as Accenture s Interim Chief Executive Officer (January 2019 to September 2019); Chief Financial Officer (July 2013 to January 2019); Senior Vice President, Finance (September 2006 to July 2013); and a variety of consulting and finance leadership roles of increasing responsibility (July 1983 to September 2006). Mr. Rowland previously served as a director of Accenture plc from January 2019 to September 2021. Specific Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Rowland has significant senior leadership and international experience along with deep financial, risk management and technology expertise. During his tenure at Accenture one of the world s largest technology and digital services organizations Mr. Rowland advised clients on strategies for large, complex technology-based programs and played a central role in the company s strategic planning, M A strategy, and global human capital strategy and management, all of which provides substantial insight to our Board and Technology Committee. 2026 Proxy Statement 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Election of Directors DEBRA A. SANDLER Age: 66 Director Since: 2020 Biography: Ms. Sandler has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of La Grenade Group, LLC, a marketing consultancy that serves packaged goods companies operating in the health and wellness space, since September 2015. She also served as Chief Executive Officer of Mavis Foods, LLC, a startup she founded that made and sold Caribbean sauces and marinades, from April 2018 until it ceased commercial operations in December 2024. Ms. Sandler was previously employed for seven years with Mars, Inc., including as Chief Health and Wellbeing Officer (July 2014 to July 2015); President, Chocolate North America (April 2012 to July 2014); and Chief Consumer Officer, Chocolate (November 2009 to March 2012). She also held senior leadership positions with Johnson Johnson from 1999 to 2009, where her last position was Worldwide President for McNeil Nutritionals LLC, a fully integrated business unit within the Johnson Johnson Consumer Group of Companies. She began her career in 1985 with PepsiCo, Inc., where she served for 13 years in a variety of marketing positions of increasing responsibility. Ms. Sandler has served as a director of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. since March 2021, Archer Daniels Midland Company since May 2016, and USA TODAY Co., Inc. (f/k/a Gannett Co., Inc.) since June 2015. Specific Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Ms. Sandler has strong marketing and operating experience and a proven record of creating, building, enhancing, and leading well-known consumer brands. Her former leadership positions with Mars, Johnson Johnson, and PepsiCo required an extensive understanding of consumer behavior and the evolving retail environment. In addition, her time as CEO of Mavis Foods provided her with valuable e-commerce, strategic planning and financial experience, and her other public company board experience brings additional perspective to our Board. RALPH E. SANTANA Age: 58 Director Since: 2018 Biography: Mr. Santana has served as Chief Executive Officer of Recteq Grills, a pellet grill company, since June 2022. He previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer (April 2013 to June 2022) of Harman International Industries, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., with responsibility for Harman s worldwide marketing strategy and global design group, and as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Samsung Electronics North America (June 2010 to September 2012), where he was responsible for launching Samsung s U.S. e-commerce business. He also served 16 years at PepsiCo, Inc. (June 1994 to May 2010) in multiple international and domestic leadership roles in marketing, including Vice President of Marketing, North American Beverages, Pepsi-Cola, and held positions with its Frito-Lay s international and North America operations. Mr. Santana began his career at Beverage Marketing Corporation (July 1989 to June 1992) where he served as a beverage industry consultant designing market entry and expansion strategies. Specific Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Santana has approximately 30 years of marketing experience spanning multiple technology and food and beverage consumer packaged goods categories. His deep understanding of digital marketing and retail shopper marketing, particularly in the area of consumer packaged goods, and his extensive experience in shaping multi-cultural strategy, executing marketing programs, and making brands culturally relevant further enhances our Board s ability to provide oversight and thoughtful counsel to management in these important and evolving areas of our business. His previous and current executive positions also provide risk management experience. 8 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Election of Directors KATHLEEN M. SCARLETT Age: 62 Director Since: 2024 Biography: Ms. Scarlett has served as Senior Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Affairs, of Best Buy Co., Inc., a leading consumer electronics retailer, since December 2024. Since joining Best Buy in 2014, she has held various leadership roles, including Senior Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs, Human Resources and Best Buy Canada (May 2023 to December 2024); Chief Human Resources Officer and Executive Vice President, Best Buy Canada (January 2020 to May 2023); Chief Human Resource Officer and President, US Retail Stores (January 2019 to January 2020); Chief Human Resources Officer (May 2017 to January 2019); and Division Chief Human Resources Officer and Senior Vice President, Retail, Best Buy Canada (May 2014 to May 2017). Prior to Best Buy, Ms. Scarlett served as Chief Operating Officer of Grafton-Fraser Inc. from April 2010 to May 2014 and was a consultant with KMS Consulting from January 2010 to April 2010. She also served in leadership positions with Loblaw Companies Limited, Hudson s Bay Co., Dylex Limited, and Premier Salons Canada. Ms. Scarlett previously served as a director of Floor D cor Holdings, Inc. from January 2021 to November 2022. Specific Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Ms. Scarlett brings significant human capital, retail, operations and senior leadership experience to our Board, having spent her entire career in the retail industry, including over 20 years in senior leadership positions with a focus on human resources. She also possesses M A and marketing experience resulting from her prior leadership roles on acquisition teams and overseeing marketing departments, respectively. In addition, her prior experience leading Best Buy s business in Canada provides valuable international experience and perspective to our Board. TODD J. VASOS Age: 64 Director Since: 2015 Biography: Mr. Vasos has served as our Chief Executive Officer since October 2023 when he returned to Dollar General after previously serving as our CEO from June 2015 to November 2022 and then Senior Advisor from November 2022 until his retirement in April 2023. He has served as a member of our Board of Directors since June 2015. Mr. Vasos joined Dollar General in December 2008 as Executive Vice President, Division President and Chief Merchandising Officer and was promoted to Chief Operating Officer in November 2013. Prior to joining Dollar General, Mr. Vasos served in leadership positions with Longs Drug Stores Corporation, Phar-Mor Food and Drug Inc. and Eckerd Corporation. Mr. Vasos has served as a director of KeyCorp since July 2020 and as its lead independent director since January 2026. Specific Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills: Mr. Vasos has extensive retail experience, including over 15 years with Dollar General. He has a thorough understanding of all key areas of our business, which is further bolstered by his former experience overseeing the merchandising, operations, marketing, advertising, global procurement, supply chain, store development, store layout and space allocation functions of other retail companies. In addition, Mr. Vasos s service in leadership and policy-making positions in the retail business has provided him with additional leadership and strategic planning skills that allow him to effectively guide and oversee the direction of Dollar General and the consensus-building skills required to lead our management team, and his other public company board experience brings additional perspective to his leadership of Dollar General. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS Election of Directors Can shareholders recommend or nominate directors? Yes. Shareholders may recommend candidates to our NGCR Committee by providing the same information within the same deadlines required for nominating candidates pursuant to the advance notice provisions in our Bylaws. Pursuant to its Charter, our NGCR Committee is required to consider such candidates using the same evaluation criteria as it applies to other director candidates. Shareholders also can go a step further and nominate directors for election by shareholders at an annual meeting by following the advance notice procedures in our Bylaws. Whether recommending a candidate for our NGCR Committee s consideration or nominating a director for election by shareholders at an annual meeting, you must submit a written notice (not in an electronic transmission) for receipt by our Corporate Secretary at the address, by the means, and within the deadlines disclosed under Shareholder Proposals for 2027 Annual Meeting. The notice must contain all information required by our Bylaws, including without limitation information about the shareholder proposing the nominee and about the nominee. We also have a proxy access provision in our Bylaws which allows eligible shareholders to nominate candidates for election to our Board and include such candidates in our proxy statement and ballot subject to the terms, conditions, procedures and deadlines set forth in Article I, Section 12 of our Bylaws. Our proxy access bylaw provides that holders of at least 3% of our outstanding shares, held by up to 20 shareholders, holding the shares continuously for at least 3 years, can nominate up to 20% of our Board for election at an annual shareholders meeting. For more specific information regarding these deadlines in respect of the 2027 annual meeting of shareholders, see Shareholder Proposals for 2027 Annual Meeting below. You should consult our Bylaws, posted on the Corporate Governance section of our website located at https://investor.dollargeneral.com, for more detailed information regarding the processes summarized above. No shareholder nominees have been submitted for this year s annual meeting. What if a nominee is unwilling or unable to serve? That is not expected to occur. If it does, the persons designated as proxies on the proxy card will vote your proxy for a substitute designated by our Board of Directors, or we may reduce the size of our Board. Are there any family relationships between any of the directors, executive officers or nominees? There are no family relationships between any of our directors, executive officers or nominees. Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends that shareholders vote FOR the election of each of the nominees named in this proposal. 10 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE What governance practices are in place to promote effective independent Board leadership? Our Board of Directors has adopted a number of governance practices to promote effective independent Board leadership, such as: Independent Board Chairman Our Board of Directors is led by an independent Chairman who serves as a liaison between our Board and our CEO; approves Board meeting agendas; facilitates communication of annual evaluation feedback to our Board; and participates with the CHCM Committee in the annual CEO performance evaluation. This leadership structure allows our CEO to focus his time and energy on managing our business, while our Chairman devotes his time and attention to matters of Board oversight and governance. Our Board, however, recognizes that no single leadership model is right for all companies and at all times and will review its leadership structure as appropriate to ensure it continues to be in the best interests of Dollar General and our shareholders. Annual Evaluations and Board Succession Planning Our Board of Directors, its standing committees, and our individual non-employee directors are evaluated annually using a process approved by the NGCR Committee. Our Board has adopted a policy to seek input from an independent consultant as part of the evaluation process at least once every three years. The evaluation process utilizes written questionnaires and, when deemed appropriate, telephonic interviews to supplement written responses. The evaluations solicit feedback across key areas of performance, including Board and committee structure; meeting effectiveness; quality, timeliness and sufficiency of materials and information; access to and interactions with management and advisors; oversight of strategy, risks and key functional areas; Board culture and dynamics; director skills and experience; and individual director preparedness, engagement, communication, judgment and alignment with Dollar General s purpose and strategic priorities. Our Board and each committee discuss the evaluation results, and each director is provided feedback with respect to his or her performance, all with the goal of enhancing effective Board leadership and oversight and informing director re-nomination decisions and succession planning. Regularly Scheduled Non-Management and Independent Director Sessions Opportunity is available at each quarterly Board meeting for separate executive sessions of the non-management directors (all of whom are currently independent). Mr. Rowland, as Chairman of the Board, presides over all executive sessions of the non-management and the independent directors. Shareholder Engagement To build and maintain relationships with shareholders and to ensure their perspectives are understood and considered by our Board of Directors, we conduct year-round investor relations outreach as well as focused outreach each fall dedicated to corporate governance, corporate responsibility and sustainability matters. We invited shareholders representing approximately 52% of our outstanding shares to participate in our focused outreach in 2025, and 46% of our outstanding shares chose to participate in these meetings. Mr. Calbert, who served as our Chairman of the Board at the time, led the engagement with shareholders representing approximately 28% of shares outstanding. For more information on our focused shareholder outreach efforts, please see How does shareholder feedback affect decision-making below. Annual CEO Performance Evaluations The CEO is annually evaluated under the leadership of the CHCM Committee and the Chairman of the Board. All independent directors are invited to provide input into this discussion. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE How does shareholder feedback affect decision-making? We actively seek our shareholders opinions on a wide variety of subjects, including corporate governance, human capital management, risk oversight, executive compensation, sustainability and corporate responsibility, and share these views with our Board of Directors and relevant Board committees. Our Board values this feedback and considers it in connection with its decision-making processes. For example, we implemented executive compensation program changes in 2024, which addressed shareholder feedback regarding our use of similar performance metrics in the short-term and long-term incentive programs and the maximum potential payouts under these programs. We also sought input on additional changes to the executive compensation program for 2025, particularly around the type and mix of equity awards and the metrics and performance periods used in the long-term incentive program. The CHCM Committee, working with its independent compensation consultant, took this feedback into account when designing the program for 2025, as discussed in Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this Proxy Statement. Overall, we received favorable feedback regarding our executive compensation program during our 2025 shareholder outreach. In addition to introducing changes to our executive compensation program, we have taken several steps in recent years that have been informed by shareholder feedback, such as enhancing our sustainability reporting and expanding our safety- and human rights-related disclosures. This ongoing dialogue with our shareholders reinforces the rigor of our governance practices and helps ensure our decisions are well-informed and thoughtfully considered. What is the Board s role in risk oversight? Our Board of Directors and its four standing committees the Audit Committee, the CHCM Committee, the NGCR Committee and the Technology Committee play an active and important role in overseeing risk at Dollar General. Each committee is delegated oversight responsibilities for select areas of risk. The independent chairpersons of our Board and committees approve meeting agendas and ensure discussion of potential risks and mitigation efforts as part of strategic and operational updates from management and advisors. In addition, our entire Board is apprised of committee discussions and actions. Our Board leadership structure and division of risk management responsibilities allows for coordinated risk oversight and the identification of risk interrelationships. It also effectively addresses material risks Dollar General might face by allowing our independent directors, through these independent Board committees and executive sessions, to effectively monitor management s actions in identifying risks and implementing effective risk management policies and controls. Strategic Planning and Related Risk Oversight . Our company s strategy is firmly rooted in our long-standing mission of Serving Others , as we consistently strive to improve our performance while retaining our customer-centric focus. Our Board actively oversees our corporate strategy and related risks through both annual strategic planning meetings and quarterly discussions and reports on the status of and risks to our strategic initiatives. Enterprise Risk Oversight . We identify and manage our key risks using our enterprise risk management program. This framework evaluates significant internal and external business, financial, legal, reputational, corporate responsibility, sustainability, and other risks; identifies mitigation strategies; and assesses any residual risk. The program employs interviews with various levels of management and our Board and reviews of strategic initiatives, recent or potential legislative or regulatory changes, certain internal metrics and other information. The Audit Committee oversees our enterprise risk management program, discussing with management the processes by which risk assessment and risk management are undertaken and our most significant financial and other risk exposures, including without limitation those relating to information systems, information security, data privacy, artificial intelligence, business continuity and disaster recovery, and third-party information security as well as the steps management has taken to monitor and control these exposures. The Audit Committee reviews enterprise risk assessment results at least annually and significant residual risk categories, along with their mitigation strategies, quarterly. In addition, as part of its regular review of progress versus the strategic plan, our Board reviews related material risks as appropriate. Our General Counsel also periodically provides information to the Board regarding our insurance coverage and programs as well as litigation and other legal risks. Cybersecurity Risk Oversight . In addition to consideration as part of the enterprise risk management program, cybersecurity risk is further evaluated through various internal and external audits and assessments designed to validate the effectiveness of our controls for managing the security of our information assets. Management develops action plans to address select identified opportunities for improvement, and the Audit Committee quarterly reviews reports and metrics, including a dashboard, pertaining to cybersecurity risks and prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation efforts with our Chief Information Officer and our Chief Information Security Officer to help the Audit Committee understand and evaluate current risks, monitor trends, and track our progress against specific metrics. The Audit Committee also has the responsibility to review with management and the independent auditor any unauthorized access to information technology systems that could have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. Further, the Audit Committee receives quarterly updates regarding any significant cybersecurity incidents which occurred during the prior quarter and at least annually receives a report on our IT disaster recovery plan. The Audit Committee periodically receives cybersecurity education to assist members in overseeing related risks. 12 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Examples of this education have included: an overview of Company-specific cyber-related risk considerations; an overview of various artificial intelligence considerations, including those related to risk management, governance and ethics, and workforce and culture; updates on the state of cybersecurity regulation; updates on the evolving retail landscape s impact on cyber risk to retail organizations; a cyber threat intelligence update focusing on the global impact of ransomware on the retail sector and trends in retail sector compromises; and an overview of methods to perform cyber risk quantification. Technology Oversight . Our Board has delegated oversight of our technology strategy and investments to the Technology Committee. As part of this oversight, the Technology Committee reviews management s technology plans and multi-year roadmap, including infrastructure modernization, major technology initiatives, and annual and long-term technology budgets; evaluates the alignment of technology priorities with our overall business strategy; and receives regular updates on significant and emerging technology trends that may impact our strategic direction or inform future technology investments. The Technology Committee consults with the Audit Committee regarding technology-related matters as they relate to or affect our internal control systems and/or enterprise risk. Human Capital Management Oversight . Our Board has delegated oversight of significant matters pertaining to our human capital management strategy to the CHCM Committee, primarily including succession planning; recruitment, retention and engagement of employees; labor-related matters; our executive compensation program; and the overall compensation philosophy and principles for the general employee population. As part of this oversight, each quarter the CHCM Committee reviews metrics pertaining to recruitment, retention, engagement and other human capital efforts with the Chief People Officer. In addition, the CHCM Committee discusses management succession planning with the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief People Officer at least quarterly. Our Board retains direct oversight of certain human capital management areas, including review of significant employee-related litigation and legal matters at least quarterly with our General Counsel, and discussions of various human capital matters with the Chief Executive Officer. Corporate Governance, Social Responsibility and Sustainability Risk Oversight . In addition to consideration as part of the enterprise risk management program, our Board has delegated oversight of corporate governance and significant social responsibility and sustainability matters (to the extent not overseen by the full Board or other committee) to the NGCR Committee. These matters may include significant issues relating to the environment; human rights; health and safety; supply chain; community and governmental relations; charitable contributions; political contributions (if any); and similar matters. As part of this oversight, the NGCR Committee reviews our sustainability disclosures and practices, including climate-related disclosures, practices, strategy and goals/targets; oversees our annual shareholder outreach program and shareholder proposals; and reviews detailed information regarding corporate governance trends and practices, which, along with shareholder feedback, informs recommendations to our Board. What other functions are performed by the Board s Committees? The functions of our Board s standing committees are described in applicable Board-adopted written charters available on the Corporate Governance section of our website located at https://investor.dollargeneral.com and are summarized below along with each committee s current membership. Each committee also periodically reviews and reassesses its charter, evaluates and makes recommendations concerning shareholder proposals that are within the committee s expertise, and performs the risk oversight roles outlined above. The Audit Committee is established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 2026 Proxy Statement 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Name of Committee Members Committee Functions AUDIT: Ms. Chadwick, Chairperson Mr. Bryant Mr. Calbert Ms. Sandler Selects the independent auditor and periodically considers the advisability of audit firm rotation Annually evaluates the independent auditor s qualifications, performance and independence, as well as the lead audit partner, and reviews the annual report on the independent auditor s internal quality control procedures and any material issues raised by its most recent review of internal quality controls Pre-approves audit engagement fees and terms and all permitted non-audit services and fees, and discusses the audit scope and any audit problems or difficulties Sets policies regarding the hiring of current and former employees of the independent auditor Discusses the annual audited and quarterly unaudited financial statements with management and the independent auditor Reviews CEO/CFO disclosures regarding any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and establishes procedures for receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting or internal controls Discusses the types of information to be disclosed in earnings press releases and provided to analysts and rating agencies Oversees our enterprise risk management program, including reports and metrics pertaining to cybersecurity risks Reviews internal audit activities, projects and budget Reviews and oversees any reportable related party transactions (unless a particular transaction is within the purview of another committee) to ensure they are not inconsistent with the interests of the Company and our shareholders Discusses with our General Counsel legal matters having an impact on financial statements Furnishes the committee report required in our proxy statement COMPENSATION AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT: Mr. McGuire, Chairperson Mr. Bryant Ms. Scarlett Oversees significant matters pertaining to human capital management strategy, such as management succession planning and leadership development; recruitment, retention and engagement of employees; and labor-related matters Reviews and approves corporate goals and objectives relevant to CEO compensation Determines executive officer compensation (with an opportunity, if they so choose, for the independent directors to ratify CEO compensation) and recommends Board compensation for Board approval Oversees overall compensation philosophy and principles for the general employee population Establishes short-term and long-term incentive compensation programs for senior officers, approves all equity awards, and oversees our clawback policy Oversees share ownership guidelines and holding requirements for Board members and senior officers Oversees the performance evaluation process for senior officers Reviews and discusses disclosure regarding executive compensation, including Compensation Discussion and Analysis and compensation tables (in addition to preparing the report on executive compensation for our proxy statement) Selects and determines fees and scope of work of its compensation consultant Oversees and evaluates the independence of its compensation consultant and other advisors 14 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Name of Committee Members Committee Functions NOMINATING, GOVERNANCE AND CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY: Ms. Sandler, Chairperson Mr. Santana Ms. Scarlett Develops and recommends criteria for selecting new directors Screens and recommends individuals qualified to serve on our Board Recommends Board committee structure and membership Recommends persons to fill Board and committee vacancies Develops and recommends Corporate Governance Guidelines and corporate governance practices and oversees corporate governance matters, including the annual shareholder engagement program Oversees the process governing annual Board, committee and director evaluations Oversees management s efforts pertaining to significant corporate social responsibility and sustainability matters, which may include issues relating to the environment, human rights, health and safety, supply chain, community and governmental relations, charitable and political contributions, and similar matters Evaluates shareholder proposals unless within the subject matter jurisdiction or expertise of another independent Board committee Evaluates the appropriateness of a director s continued Board and committee membership in light of any changed circumstances that could affect the director s independence, qualifications or availability Considers requests by directors and executive officers to serve on the board of directors of a for-profit company, taking into account among other factors the overboarding policy set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines TECHNOLOGY: Mr. Rowland, Chairperson Mr. McGuire Mr. Santana Oversees our technology strategy, including the evolution of our technology infrastructure to support our business strategy and objectives Reviews our technology plans, budget and significant investments, including IT talent acquisition and development Reviews our technology investment, planning and decision-making policies and processes Reviews key relationships with our technology vendors and service providers Receives updates on significant emerging technology trends that may affect or inform our technology strategy and investments Does an audit committee financial expert serve on the Audit Committee? Yes. Our Board of Directors has determined that Audit Committee members Mss. Chadwick and Sandler and Messrs. Bryant and Calbert are audit committee financial experts who are independent as defined in New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) listing standards and in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. How often did the Board and its committees meet in 2025? During 2025, our Board of Directors, Audit Committee, CHCM Committee, NGCR Committee and Technology Committee met 7, 6, 10, 5 and 3 times, respectively. Each incumbent director attended at least 75% of the total of all meetings of the Board and committees on which he or she served which were held during the period for which he or she was a director and a member of each applicable committee. What is Dollar General s policy regarding Board member attendance at the annual meeting? Our Board of Directors has adopted a policy that all directors should attend annual shareholders meetings unless attendance is not feasible due to unavoidable circumstances. All persons serving as Board members at the time of the 2025 annual shareholders meeting attended the meeting. Does Dollar General have a management succession plan? Yes. Our CHCM Committee ensures that a formalized process governs long-term management development and succession. Our comprehensive program encompasses not only our CEO and other executive officers and notable talent, but all employees through the front-line supervisory level. The program focuses on key succession elements, including identification of potential successors for positions 2026 Proxy Statement 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE where internal succession is appropriate, assessment of each potential successor s level of readiness, and preparation of individual growth and development plans. Our long-term business strategy is also considered with respect to CEO succession planning. Generally, the CHCM Committee reviews the succession plan for at least one functional area quarterly and for each of the executive officers annually. In addition, we maintain, and the CHCM Committee periodically reviews, a confidential procedure for the timely and efficient transfer of the CEO s responsibilities in the event of an emergency or sudden incapacitation or departure. Are there share ownership guidelines and holding requirements for Board members and senior officers? Yes. Details of our share ownership guidelines and holding requirements for Board members and senior officers are included in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. See Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Director Compensation for more information on these guidelines and holding requirements. The CHCM Committee establishes the related administrative details. Are any directors or officers involved in litigation with Dollar General? On January 26, 2024, January 29, 2024, and February 1, 2024, respectively, the following shareholder derivative actions were filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee in which the plaintiff shareholders, purportedly on behalf and for the benefit of Dollar General, allege that certain of our current and former officers and directors (1) violated their fiduciary duties by misrepresenting the impact of alleged store labor, inventory pricing, and other practices on our financial results, prospects, and reputation, as well as creating a risk of adverse regulatory action; (2) wasted corporate assets; and (3) were unjustly enriched: Nathan Silva v. Todd J. Vasos, Michael Calbert, Warren Bryant, Ana Chadwick, Patricia Fili-Krushel, Timothy McGuire, David Rowland, Debra Sandler, Ralph Santana, William Rhodes, III, Kelly M. Dilts, Jeffrey [sic] C. Owen, and John W. Garratt (Case No. 3:24-cv-00083) ( Silva ); Terry Dunn v. Todd J. Vasos, et. al. (Case No. 3:24-cv-00093) ( Dunn ); Kathryn A. Caliguiri Inh Ira Bene Of Catherine Sugarbaker v. Todd J. Vasos, et. al. (Case No. 3:24-cv-00117) ( Caliguiri ) (collectively, the Federal Court Shareholder Derivative Litigation ). The named defendants in the Dunn and Caliguiri matters are identical to those named in the Silva complaint except that Mr. Rowland is not a named defendant in the Dunn and Caliguiri matters. The Silva complaint also alleges certain of our current and former officers and directors violated federal securities laws and aided and abetted breach of fiduciary duty and that Mr. Vasos violated his fiduciary duties by misusing material, non-public information. The Dunn and Caliguiri complaints additionally allege that certain of our officers and directors violated their fiduciary duties by recklessly or negligently disregarding workplace safety practices, and that Mr. Vasos, Mr. Garratt and Ms. Fili-Krushel violated their fiduciary duties by misusing material, non-public information. On April 2, 2024, the court consolidated the Silva, Dunn and Caliguiri actions, and on May 2, 2024, the Silva action was voluntarily dismissed. On May 14, 2024, the court appointed lead counsel in the consolidated action. On May 22, 2024, the court entered an order staying the Dunn and Caligiuri actions pending resolution of the defendants motion to dismiss in a separate securities litigation pending in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee (the Shareholder Securities Litigation ). On July 21, 2025, the court extended the stay pending the court s ruling on plaintiffs motion for leave to file a further amended complaint in the Shareholder Securities Litigation. The plaintiffs motion for leave to file a further amended complaint in the Shareholder Securities Litigation was granted on March 24, 2026. The parties in the Federal Court Shareholder Derivative Litigation have 30 days to meet and confer as to a schedule for further proceedings or to move to extend the stay. The plaintiffs in the Federal Court Shareholder Derivative Litigation seek both non-monetary and monetary relief for the benefit of Dollar General. On March 26, 2024, and March 28, 2024, respectively, the following shareholder derivative actions were filed in the Chancery Court for Davidson County, Tennessee: Todd Hellrigel v. Todd J. Vasos et al. (Case No. 24-0392-I) ( Hellrigel ); and Steve Southwell v. Todd Vasos, et al. (Case No. 24-0379-I) ( Southwell ) (collectively, the State Court Shareholder Derivative Litigation ). The claims and relief sought in the State Court Shareholder Derivative Litigation are substantially similar to those in the Federal Court Shareholder Derivative Litigation, and the named defendants are identical to those named in the Silva complaint. On May 20, 2024, the court entered an agreed upon order consolidating the Hellrigel and Southwell actions, appointing lead counsel, and staying the State Court Shareholder Derivative Litigation pending resolution of the defendants motion to dismiss in the Shareholder Securities Litigation. On July 23, 2025, the court extended the stay pending the court s ruling on plaintiffs motion for leave to file a further amended complaint in the Shareholder Securities Litigation. The plaintiffs motion for leave to file a further amended complaint in the Shareholder Securities Litigation was granted on March 24, 2026. The parties in the State Court Shareholder Derivative Litigation have 30 days to meet and confer as to a schedule for further proceedings or to move to extend the stay. The plaintiffs in the State Court Shareholder Derivative Litigation seek both non-monetary and monetary relief for the benefit of Dollar General. How can I communicate with the Board of Directors? We describe our Board-approved process for security holders and other interested parties to contact the entire Board, a particular director, or the non-management directors or independent directors as a group on the Corporate Governance section of our website located at https://investor.dollargeneral.com. 16 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Does Dollar General have an insider trading policy? Yes. We have adopted an insider trading policy that governs and contains procedures regarding the purchase, sale, and/or other transactions of our securities by our directors, officers and employees. The policy also contains provisions that are applicable to the Company s trading in Dollar General s own securities. A copy of our insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 30, 2026, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2026 (our 2025 Form 10 K ). In addition, with regard to the Company s trading in Dollar General s own securities, it is our policy to comply with the federal securities laws and the applicable exchange listing requirements. Where can I find more information about Dollar General s governance practices? Our governance-related information is posted on the Corporate Governance section of our website located at https://investor.dollargeneral.com, including current copies of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and the charters of the Audit Committee, the CHCM Committee, the NGCR Committee and the Technology Committee, as well as the name(s) of the person(s) chosen to lead the executive sessions of the non-management directors and of the independent directors. This information is available in print to any shareholder who sends a written request to: Investor Relations, Dollar General Corporation, 100 Mission Ridge, Goodlettsville, Tennessee 37072. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Our director compensation program is designed to fairly pay directors for their time and efforts and to align their interests with the long-term interests of our shareholders. The CHCM Committee, assisted by its independent compensation consultant Pearl Meyer, reviews and recommends for approval by our Board of Directors the form and amount of director compensation generally every two or three years. In recommending the current compensation program, the CHCM Committee considered peer group information compiled by Pearl Meyer, recommendations of Pearl Meyer to ensure the program remains competitive, and the responsibilities and anticipated time commitments of the chairpersons of our Board and each committee. The CHCM Committee also reviewed survey data of general industry companies with revenues greater than $10 billion for a general understanding of compensation practices in the broader market context. From time to time our Board may establish ad hoc committees for various purposes. The CHCM Committee will recommend to our Board what it believes to be reasonable and customary compensation for the ad hoc committee members after receiving advice from its legal advisors and Pearl Meyer and considering available peer group information, fees paid to chairpersons of our standing committees, the anticipated level of services to be provided by the committee members, and such members responsibilities and anticipated time commitment. For further details about our peer group and the Pearl Meyer engagement, see Compensation Discussion and Analysis. The CHCM Committee has authority to delegate any of its responsibilities to one or more subcommittees to the extent allowed by applicable law and the NYSE but has not done so with respect to 2025 director compensation. Our executive compensation and legal teams, led by our Chief People Officer and General Counsel, respectively, provide administrative and support services for the CHCM Committee and Pearl Meyer, such as research, data compilation, contract drafting, legal advice, and other requested assistance. Pearl Meyer also reviews its director compensation analyses and recommendations with our CEO, Chief People Officer, and General Counsel. The CHCM Committee may ask for these executives opinions on Pearl Meyer s analyses and recommendations, but it retains final authority to recommend director compensation to our Board. Our standard director compensation program consists of: (1) the following cash compensation (prorated when applicable) for a fiscal year, payable in quarterly installments; and (2) an annual award of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to each non-employee director and an additional annual award of RSUs to the independent Chairman of the Board, in each case issued pursuant to our 2021 Stock Incentive Plan and payable in shares of our common stock, having the estimated values listed below: Fiscal Year Board Retainer ($) Board Chairman Estimated Value of Equity Retainer ($) (1) Audit Committee Chairperson Retainer ($) CHCM Committee Chairperson Retainer ($) NGCR Committee Chairperson Retainer ($) Technology Committee Chairperson Retainer ($) Estimated Value of Equity Award ($) (2) 2025 95,000 200,000 25,000 20,000 17,500 17,500 190,000 2026 (3) 105,000 200,000 30,000 25,000 20,000 20,000 195,000 (1) Awarded by the CHCM Committee around the start of our fiscal year and scheduled to vest on the first anniversary of the grant date, subject to certain accelerated vesting conditions. The Chairman of the Board generally may opt to defer receipt of shares underlying the RSUs. (2) Awarded by the CHCM Committee to each non-employee director who is elected or re-elected at the annual shareholders meeting and to any new non-employee director appointed after the annual shareholders meeting but before February 1 of a given year. The RSUs are scheduled to vest on the first anniversary of the grant date subject to certain accelerated vesting conditions. Directors generally may opt to defer receipt of shares underlying the RSUs. (3) Upon the recommendation of the CHCM Committee after considering the Company s average total compensation per director and total Board compensation versus the peer group data, as well as the Company s historical director pay increases, our Board approved increases in the Board retainer, each committee chairperson retainer, and the value of the annual equity award to non-employee directors, in each case to improve pay competitiveness. Up to 100% of cash fees earned for Board services generally may be deferred under the Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan. Benefits are payable upon separation from service in the form, as elected by the director at the time of deferral, of a lump sum distribution and/or monthly payments for 5, 10 or 15 years. Participating directors can direct the hypothetical investment of deferred fees into funds identical to those offered in our 401(k) Plan and will be credited with the deemed investment gains and losses. The amount of the benefit will vary depending on the fees the director has deferred and the deemed investment gains and losses. Benefits upon death are payable in a lump sum to the director s named beneficiary. The unpaid benefit upon a director s disability (as defined in the Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan) will be paid in a lump sum. Participant deferrals are not contributed to a trust, and all benefits are paid from Dollar General s general assets. 18 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Our non-employee directors are subject to share ownership guidelines, expressed as a multiple of the annual cash retainer payable for Board service (exclusive of additional amounts paid to committee chairpersons), and holding requirements. The ownership multiple is five times and should be acquired within five years of election to our Board. If the guideline is increased, incumbent non-employee directors are allowed an additional year to acquire the incremental multiple. Each non-employee director also must retain ownership of all net after-tax shares granted by Dollar General until reaching the ownership target. As of January 30, 2026, each incumbent non-employee director was in compliance with our policy or within the allotted grace period. Fiscal 2025 Director Compensation The following table summarizes the compensation earned by or paid to each person who served as a non-employee member of our Board of Directors during all or part of 2025. Mr. Vasos, whose executive compensation is discussed under Executive Compensation below, was not separately compensated for his Board service. We have omitted the columns for Option Awards, Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation and Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings because they are inapplicable. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($) (3) Total ($) Warren F. Bryant 95,000 203,166 4,484 302,650 Michael M. Calbert 95,000 392,919 10,805 498,724 Ana M. Chadwick 145,000 203,166 4,484 352,650 Timothy I. McGuire 115,000 203,166 4,484 322,650 David P. Rowland 131,875 203,166 4,484 339,525 Debra A. Sandler 112,500 203,166 4,484 320,150 Ralph E. Santana 95,000 203,166 4,484 302,650 Kathleen M. Scarlett 120,000 203,166 5,556 328,722 (1) In addition to the Board retainer, Mss. Chadwick and Sandler and Messrs. McGuire and Rowland earned retainers (pro-rated as applicable) for service as committee chairpersons during all or part of 2025, and Mss. Chadwick and Scarlett and Mr. Rowland each earned a one-time $25,000 cash retainer, payable in two equal installments, for service on an ad hoc committee formed in 2025. (2) Represents the grant date fair value of RSUs awarded to Mr. Calbert effective February 3, 2025 ($189,753) for his annual Chairman of the Board retainer, as well as to each director listed in the table above (including Mr. Calbert), on May 28, 2025 ($203,166) for annual awards, in each case computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Information regarding assumptions made in the valuation of these awards is included in Note 9 of the annual consolidated financial statements in our 2025 Form 10-K. As of January 30, 2026, each of the persons listed in the table above had the following total unvested RSUs outstanding (including additional unvested RSUs credited as a result of dividend equivalents earned with respect to such RSUs): each of Messrs. Bryant, McGuire, Rowland, and Santana and Mss. Chadwick, Sandler, and Scarlett (2,109); and Mr. Calbert (4,821). (3) Represents the dollar value of dividend equivalents paid, accumulated or credited on unvested RSUs for all persons listed in the table above. Perquisites and personal benefits, if any, totaled less than $10,000 per director listed in the table and therefore are not included in the table. 2026 Proxy Statement 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Is Dollar General subject to the NYSE governance rules regarding director independence? Yes. A majority of our directors, and all members of the Audit Committee, the CHCM Committee and the NGCR Committee, must meet the independence requirements outlined in the NYSE listing standards. All members of the Audit Committee also must meet the independence standards under SEC rules. The NYSE listing standards define specific relationships that disqualify directors from being independent and further require that the Board of Directors affirmatively determine that a director has no material relationship with Dollar General in order to be considered independent. The SEC s rules and NYSE listing standards contain separate definitions of independence for members of audit committees and compensation committees, respectively. Although the NYSE listing standards do not contain independence requirements applicable to our Technology Committee, our Board requires that all members of such committee meet our Board s general independence requirements. How does the Board of Directors determine director independence? Our Board of Directors has adopted guidelines to help determine the independence of each director and director nominee. These guidelines include all independence elements in the NYSE listing standards and SEC rules as well as certain Board-adopted categorical independence standards. These guidelines are detailed within our Corporate Governance Guidelines posted on the Corporate Governance section of our website located at https://investor.dollargeneral.com. Our Board first considers whether any director or nominee has a relationship covered by the NYSE listing standards that would prohibit an independence finding for Board or applicable committee purposes. Our Board then analyzes any relationship of the remaining eligible directors and nominees with Dollar General or our management that falls outside the parameters of our Board s separately adopted categorical independence standards to determine if that relationship is material. Our Board may determine that a person who has a relationship outside such parameters is nonetheless independent because the relationship is not considered to be material. Any director who has a material relationship with Dollar General or its management is not considered to be independent. Absent special circumstances, our Board does not consider or analyze any relationship that management has determined falls within the parameters of our Board s separately adopted categorical independence standards. Are all of the directors and nominees independent? Mr. Vasos is not an independent director under NYSE listing standards as a result of his employment as our Chief Executive Officer. Our Board of Directors has determined that each of our remaining nominees, Messrs. Calbert, Hicks, McGuire, Rowland and Santana and Mss. Chadwick, Sandler and Scarlett, as well as Mr. Bryant, is independent under both the NYSE listing standards and our additional independence standards. Any relationship between an independent director and Dollar General or our management fell within the Board-adopted categorical standards and, accordingly, was not reviewed or considered by our Board in making independence decisions. There is no person currently serving or who served in 2025 on the Audit Committee, the CHCM Committee, the NGCR Committee or the Technology Committee that does or did not meet, as applicable, the NYSE independence requirements for membership on those committees, as applicable; our additional standards; and, as to the Audit Committee, SEC rules. 20 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS TRANSACTIONS WITH MANAGEMENT AND OTHERS Does the Board of Directors have a related- party transactions approval policy? Yes. Our Board of Directors has adopted a written policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. For this purpose, a related party includes our directors, director nominees, executive officers and greater than 5% shareholders, and any of their immediate family members, and a transaction includes one or a series of similar financial or other transactions, arrangements or relationships in which (1) Dollar General or one of our subsidiaries is a participant; (2) a related party has a direct or indirect material interest; and (3) the total amount may exceed $120,000 and is required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act, as determined by our Law Department. The policy requires that a designated Board committee review in advance and oversee related party transactions for potential conflicts of interest and prohibit transactions it determines to be inconsistent with the interests of Dollar General and our shareholders. The Audit Committee is the designated committee for related party transactions except for compensatory transactions, which the CHCM Committee will oversee, and charitable donations or payments to an industry group, which the NGCR Committee will oversee. The related party may not participate in the review or approval of the related party transaction. In determining whether a related party transaction should be approved or prohibited, the policy directs the designated committee to consider all relevant facts and circumstances, which may include among other factors whether: the terms of the transaction are fair to Dollar General and on the same basis as if the transaction had occurred on an arm s-length basis; there are any compelling business reasons for Dollar General to enter into the transaction, and the nature of alternative transactions, if any; and the transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any of our Board members or executive officers. If approved, the designated committee will review each ongoing related party transaction at least annually to determine whether it should be allowed to continue. If a related party transaction is inadvertently entered into without the required prior approval, including without limitation if a related party s interest arises only after the commencement of an ongoing transaction, the designated committee will review the transaction as soon as is reasonably practicable and determine whether to ratify or prohibit the transaction, taking into consideration all relevant facts and circumstances, which may include among other factors those outlined above, the reason the policy was not followed and whether subsequent ratification would be detrimental to Dollar General. In determining whether a transaction meets the definition of a related party transaction under the policy, the policy directs the Law Department to evaluate all relevant facts and circumstances, but provides that a related party s interest in the following transactions generally would not be considered material, although the transaction amounts listed are not intended to imply that transaction amounts in excess of such amounts are presumed to be material: transactions involving a total amount that does not exceed the greater of $1 million or 2% of an entity s annual consolidated revenues (total consolidated assets in the case of a lender) if no related party who is an individual participates in providing the services or goods to, or negotiations with, us on the other entity s behalf or receives special compensation or benefit as a result; or payments to a charitable organization, foundation or university if the total amount does not exceed 2% of the recipient s total annual receipts and no related party who is an individual participates in the payment decision or receives any special compensation or benefit as a result. What related party transactions existed in 2025 or are planned for 2026? There are no transactions that have occurred since the beginning of 2025, or any currently proposed transactions, in which Dollar General was or is to be a participant, that exceed $120,000 and in which a related party had or has a direct or indirect material interest. 2026 Proxy Statement 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION This section provides details of fiscal 2025 compensation for our named executive officers: Todd J. Vasos, Chief Executive Officer; Donny H. Lau, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Kelly M. Dilts, former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Emily C. Taylor, Chief Operating Officer; Rhonda M. Taylor, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Carman R. Wenkoff, Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer; and Steven R. Deckard, former Executive Vice President, Strategy and Development. Compensation Discussion and Analysis Overview Our executive compensation program is designed to serve the long-term interests of our shareholders. To deliver superior shareholder returns, we believe it is critical to offer a competitive compensation package that will attract, retain, and motivate experienced executives with the requisite expertise. Our program is designed to pay for performance by effectively balancing short-term and long-term incentives based on achievement of our annual and long-term business objectives, as well as to maintain our competitive position in the market in which we compete for executive talent. Compensation Best Practices We strive to align our executives interests with those of our shareholders and to follow sound corporate governance practices. Compensation Practice Dollar General Policy Pay for performance A significant portion of 2025 compensation, including our annual Teamshare cash incentive bonus program ( Teamshare ) and our performance share unit ( PSU ) equity awards, is performance-based. Robust share ownership guidelines and holding requirements Our share ownership guidelines and holding requirements create further alignment with shareholders long-term interests. See Share Ownership Guidelines and Holding Requirements. Clawback policy Our clawback policy requires the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive compensation paid to current and former executive officers based on financial results that were subsequently restated as a result of material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the U.S. federal securities laws, regardless of an executive s personal culpability. Hedging, pledging and margin prohibitions Our policy prohibits Board members, officers and certain other employees (as well as certain of their family members, entities and trusts) from hedging against any decrease in the market value of Dollar General equity securities awarded by our company and held by them, and from pledging as collateral or holding in a margin account any securities issued by Dollar General. See Hedging and Pledging Policies. No excise tax gross-ups and minimal income tax gross-ups We do not provide tax gross-up payments to named executive officers other than on relocation-related items. Double-trigger provisions All equity awards granted to named executive officers as executive compensation include a double-trigger vesting provision upon a change in control. No repricing or cash buyout of underwater stock options without shareholder approval Our equity incentive plans prohibit repricing underwater stock options, reducing the exercise price of stock options or replacing awards with cash or another award type, without shareholder approval. Annual compensation risk assessment At least annually, the CHCM Committee assesses the risk of our compensation program. 22 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Pay for Performance We achieved the following performance results in relation to our short-term and long-term incentive plans: Teamshare We achieved 2025 adjusted EBIT of $2.487 billion, or 131.5% of the adjusted EBIT target; 2025 net sales of $42.724 billion, or 101.2% of the net sales target; and completed 2,254 Project Elevate store remodels, or 100.0% of the strategic objective target, which resulted in a 2025 Teamshare payout to each eligible named executive officer of 182.4% of his or her target Teamshare bonus percentage opportunity (see Short-Term Cash Incentive Plan ). PSUs We achieved 2025 adjusted EBITDA of $3.524 billion, or 118.9% of the adjusted EBITDA target related to the portion of the PSUs granted in 2025 subject to 2025 adjusted EBITDA performance, which resulted in each eligible named executive officer earning 200.0% of his or her target number of such PSUs. We achieved adjusted ROIC of 18.38%, or 85.1% of the adjusted ROIC three-year target related to the portion of PSUs granted in 2023 subject to 2023-2025 adjusted ROIC performance, which was below the level required to earn such PSUs (see Long-Term Equity Incentive Program ). 2025 Compensation Design Highlights The CHCM Committee designed the 2025 executive compensation program primarily to enhance near-term performance and retention incentives; to create a more balanced and resilient incentive structure given continued economic uncertainty and volatility; and to be responsive to shareholder feedback. The 2025 program (1) further differentiated the metrics used in the short-term and long-term incentive programs by adding a strategic objective component to 2025 Teamshare with an assigned weighting of 10%, while retaining the net sales metric at a 20% weighting and the adjusted EBIT metric at a reduced weighting of 70%; (2) maintained the 200% cap on payouts for 2025 Teamshare and the 2025 PSUs, while returning to threshold performance levels for all metrics used in those programs; and (3) continued the performance emphasis in the long-term incentive program while strengthening retention by retaining the use of PSUs and replacing stock options with RSUs, resulting in an annual equity award mix of 50% PSUs and 50% RSUs. See Short-Term Cash Incentive Plan and Long-Term Equity Incentive Program. The CHCM Committee thoroughly considered the length of performance periods and alternative metrics for use in the PSU awards in light of volatility in the internal and external environments and stability considerations, and it determined that the existing performance periods and metrics, which remain critical metrics for the business, remained appropriate for 2025. Shareholder Advisory Vote Our most recent shareholder advisory vote on our named executive officer compensation was held at our annual meeting on May 29, 2025, and excluding abstentions and broker non-votes, 93.5% of total votes were cast in favor of our 2024 executive compensation program. We view this outcome as highly supportive of our compensation policies and practices. In addition, we engaged with a majority of our shareholders through our established robust shareholder engagement program in the fall of 2025 (see the Corporate Governance section of this proxy statement), during which we discussed previously disclosed changes made to our 2025 executive compensation program, and the feedback that we received was substantially positive and supportive of our program. The CHCM Committee believes that the compensation program continues to serve the Company and our shareholders well in the current environment. Nonetheless, because market practices and our business needs and environment continue to evolve, we will continue to evaluate our program, including shareholder feedback, and make changes when warranted. Philosophy and Objectives We strive to attract, retain, and motivate executives with superior ability, to reward outstanding performance, and to align the long-term interests of our named executive officers with those of our shareholders. The material compensation principles applicable to the compensation of our named executive officers include: In determining total compensation, we consider a reasonable range of the median of total compensation of comparable positions at companies within our peer group, while accounting for distinct circumstances not reflected in the market data such as unique job descriptions as well as our particular niche in the retail sector and the impact that a particular officer may have on our ability to meet business objectives. For competitive or other reasons, our levels of total compensation or any component of compensation may exceed or be below the median range of our peer group. We set base salaries to reflect the responsibilities, experience, performance, and contributions of the named executive officers, while also considering market salaries for comparable positions and our desired balance between base salary and incentive compensation. We reward named executive officers who enhance our performance by linking cash and equity incentives to the achievement of our financial goals. We promote share ownership to align the interests of our named executive officers with those of our shareholders. In approving compensation arrangements, we may consider recent compensation history, including special or unusual compensation payments. In addition, we utilize employment agreements with our named executive officers to promote executive continuity, aid in retention, facilitate implementation of our clawback policy, and secure valuable protections for Dollar General, such as non-compete, non-solicitation, non-interference, and confidentiality obligations, in return for granting such executives reasonable severance and other rights upon 2026 Proxy Statement 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION various termination scenarios. The employment agreement with Mr. Vasos entered into in 2023 had a four-year term and was not subject to automatic extensions, but it was superseded by the Transition Agreement with Mr. Vasos as discussed below under Certain Fiscal Year 2026 Actions. The employment agreement with each of our additional currently-employed named executive officers, with the exception of Mr. Lau, has a three-year term ending in 2027 and is subject to certain automatic extensions. The employment agreement with Mr. Lau has a shorter term solely to align his employment agreement renewal date with the other non-CEO named executive officers. A change in control, by itself ( single trigger ), does not trigger any severance provision applicable to our named executive officers under the employment agreements. Oversight and Process Oversight The CHCM Committee of our Board of Directors, or a subcommittee thereof if required for tax or other reasons, in each case consisting entirely of independent directors, determines and approves the compensation of our named executive officers. The CHCM Committee has the authority to delegate any of its responsibilities to one or more subcommittees as the CHCM Committee may deem appropriate to the extent allowed by applicable law and the NYSE. The independent members of our Board are provided the opportunity, if they choose, to ratify the CHCM Committee s determinations pertaining to the level of CEO compensation. Use of Outside Advisors The CHCM Committee has selected Pearl Meyer to serve as its compensation consultant and has determined that Pearl Meyer is independent and that its work has not raised any conflicts of interest. When requested by the CHCM Committee, a Pearl Meyer representative attends CHCM Committee meetings and participates in private sessions with the CHCM Committee, and CHCM Committee members are free to consult directly with Pearl Meyer as desired. The CHCM Committee (or its Chairperson) determines the scope of Pearl Meyer s services and has approved a written agreement that details the terms under which Pearl Meyer will provide independent advice to the CHCM Committee. The approved scope of Pearl Meyer s work generally includes the performance of analyses and provision of independent advice and competitive market studies related to our executive and non-employee director compensation programs and related matters in support of the CHCM Committee s decisions, and more specifically includes performing preparation work associated with CHCM Committee meetings, as well as providing advice in areas such as compensation philosophy, compensation risk assessment, peer group selection and benchmarking, incentive plan design, executive compensation disclosure, emerging best practices and changes in the regulatory environment. Management s Role Our executive management team prepares and recommends our annual financial and real estate plans for approval by our Board of Directors and prepares a long-term financial plan. The performance targets used in our incentive compensation programs are the same as or derived from those in such financial and real estate plans and are approved by the CHCM Committee. Our CEO and our executive compensation team, led by our Chief People Officer, assist the CHCM Committee and Pearl Meyer by conducting research, compiling Company information and market data and making recommendations regarding compensation amounts and mix (including benefits and perquisites), compensation program structure alternatives, and compensation-related governance practices. Additionally, our legal team, led by our General Counsel, may provide legal advice to the CHCM Committee regarding executive compensation and related governance and legal matters and contractual arrangements from time to time. Although these recommendations may impact each of such officers compensation to the extent they participate in our compensation plans and programs, none of such officers make recommendations to the CHCM Committee regarding their specific compensation. For the role of management in named executive officers performance evaluations, see Use of Performance Evaluations below. Although the CHCM Committee values and solicits management s input, it retains and exercises sole authority to make decisions regarding named executive officer compensation. Use of Performance Evaluations Each member of the Board of Directors is asked to provide feedback to the Chairman of the Board regarding the CEO s overall performance. The Chairman of the Board shares such information with the CHCM Committee. The CHCM Committee, together with the Chairman of the Board, assesses the performance of the CEO, and the CEO evaluates and reports to the CHCM Committee on the performance of each of the other named executive officers, in each case versus previously established goals. The CHCM Committee has the opportunity to provide input into each named executive officer s performance evaluation, which is subjective; no objective criteria or relative weighting is assigned to any individual goal or factor. Performance ratings serve as an eligibility threshold for annual base salary increases and may directly impact the amount of such increases. In determining annual base salary increases, the CHCM Committee starts with the percentage base salary increase that equals the overall budgeted increase for our U.S.-based employee population and approves differing merit increases to base salary based upon each named executive officer s individual performance rating, and then considers the peer group data and each named executive officer s responsibilities, individual experience and contributions, time in role, succession, relative pay position among internal peers, and retention considerations; or for other reasons the Committee believes justify a variance from the merit increase. 24 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The CHCM Committee also reserves the right to consider individual performance and other factors for the purpose of adjusting Teamshare bonus payments upward or downward for one or more named executive officers. In addition, individual