=== AWK_2026-02-18.htm.gz ===
Item 1A Risk Factors, and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and in other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or incorporated by reference therein, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, these forward-looking statements can be identified by words with prospective meanings such as intend, plan, estimate, believe, anticipate, expect, predict, project, propose, assume, forecast, likely, uncertain, outlook, future, pending, goal, objective, potential, continue, seek to, may, can, should, will and could or the negative of such terms or other variations or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements may relate to, among other things: the Company s future financial performance, liquidity and cash flows; the timing and amount of rate and revenue adjustments, including through general rate case filings, filings for infrastructure surcharges and other governmental agency authorizations and proceedings, and filings to address regulatory lag; the Company s ability to execute its current and long-term business, operational, capital expenditures and growth plans and strategies; the timing and outcome of pending or future acquisition activity (including, without limitation, the merger agreement with Essential Utilities, Inc. ( Essential ) and the proposed acquisition of systems owned indirectly by Nexus Water Group, Inc.), and the ability to achieve organic customer growth; the ability of the Company s California subsidiary to obtain adequate alternative water supplies in lieu of diversions from the Carmel River; the amount, allocation and timing of projected capital expenditures and related funding requirements; the Company s ability to repay or refinance debt; the future impacts of increased or increasing financing costs, inflation and interest rates; the Company s ability to finance current and projected operations, capital expenditure needs and growth initiatives by accessing the debt and equity capital markets and sources of short-term liquidity; the future settlement or settlements of the Forward Sale Agreements described herein, adjustments to the forward sale price thereunder, and the amount of and the intended use of net proceeds from any such future settlement or settlements; the outcome and impact on the Company of governmental and regulatory investigations, class action lawsuits, and other litigation and legal proceedings, and related potential fines, penalties and other sanctions; the ability to meet or exceed the Company s stated environmental and sustainability goals, including its greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emission reduction, water delivery efficiency and water system resiliency goals; the ability to complete, and the timing and efficacy of, the design, development, implementation and improvement of technology and other strategic initiatives; the Company s ability to comply with new and changing environmental regulations; the ability to capitalize on existing or future utility privatization opportunities; trends in the water and wastewater industries in which the Company operates, including macro trends with respect to the Company s efforts and projects related to customer, technology and work efficiency and execution; regulatory, legislative, tax policy or legal developments; and impacts that future significant tax legislation, and the imposition, utilization or change in various economic tariffs (or any attempt or effort to do so), may have on the Company and on its business, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Forward-looking statements are predictions based on the Company s current expectations and assumptions regarding future events. They are not guarantees or assurances of any outcomes, financial results, levels of activity, performance or achievements, and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon them. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. The Company s actual results may vary materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements included herein as a result of the factors discussed under Item 1A Risk Factors, and the following important factors: the decisions of governmental and regulatory bodies, including decisions to raise or lower customer rates; the timeliness and outcome of regulatory commissions and other authorities actions concerning rates, capital structure, authorized return on equity, capital investment, system acquisitions and dispositions, taxes, permitting, water supply and management, and other decisions; changes in customer demand for, and patterns of use of, water and energy, such as may result from conservation efforts, or otherwise; limitations on the availability of the Company s water supplies or sources of water, or restrictions on its use thereof, resulting from allocation rights, governmental or regulatory requirements and restrictions, drought, overuse or other factors; a loss of one or more large industrial or commercial customers due to adverse economic conditions, or other factors; present and future proposed changes in laws, governmental regulations and policies, including with respect to the environment (such as, for example, potential improvements to existing Federal regulations with respect to lead and copper service lines and galvanized steel pipe), health and safety, data and consumer privacy, security and protection, water quality and water quality accountability, contaminants of emerging concern (including without limitation per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (collectively, PFAS )), public utility and tax regulations and policies, and impacts resulting from U.S., state and local elections and changes in federal, state and local executive administrations; the Company s ability to collect, distribute, use, secure and store consumer data in compliance with current or future governmental laws, regulations and policies with respect to data and consumer privacy, security and protection; 1 Table of Contents weather conditions and events, climate variability patterns, and natural disasters, including drought or abnormally high rainfall, prolonged and abnormal ice or freezing conditions, strong winds, coastal and intercoastal flooding, pandemics and epidemics, earthquakes, landslides, hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires, electrical storms, sinkholes and solar flares; the outcome of litigation and similar governmental and regulatory proceedings, investigations or actions; the risks associated with the Company s aging infrastructure, and its ability to appropriately improve the resiliency of or maintain, update, redesign and/or replace, current or future infrastructure and systems, including its technology and other assets, and manage the expansion of its businesses; exposure or infiltration of the Company s technology and critical infrastructure systems, including the disclosure of sensitive, personal or confidential information contained therein, through physical or cyber attacks or other means, and impacts from required or voluntary public and other disclosures, as well as civil class action and other litigation or legal, regulatory or administrative proceedings, related thereto; the Company s ability to obtain permits and other approvals for projects and construction, update, redesign and/or replacement of various water and wastewater facilities; changes in the Company s capital requirements; the Company s ability to control operating expenses and to achieve operating efficiencies, and the Company s ability to create, maintain and promote initiatives and programs that support the affordability of the Company s regulated utility services; the intentional or unintentional actions of a third party, including contamination of the Company s water supplies or the water provided to its customers; the Company s ability to obtain and have delivered adequate and cost-effective supplies of pipe, equipment (including personal protective equipment), chemicals, power and other fuel, water and other raw materials, and to address or mitigate supply chain constraints that may result in delays or shortages in, as well as increased costs of, supplies, products and materials that are critical to or used in the Company s business operations; the Company s ability to successfully meet its operational growth projections, either individually or in the aggregate, and capitalize on growth opportunities, including, among other things, with respect to: acquiring, closing and successfully integrating regulated operations, including without limitation the Company s ability to (i) obtain all required regulatory and other consents and approvals for such acquisitions, (ii) prevail in litigation or other challenges related to such acquisitions, and (iii) recover in rates the fair value of assets of the acquired regulated operations; the Company s Military Services Group ( MSG ) entering into new military installation contracts, price redeterminations, and other agreements and contracts, with the U.S. government; and realizing anticipated benefits and synergies from new acquisitions; in addition to the foregoing, various risks and other uncertainties associated with the Company s merger agreement with Essential and the related proposed merger, including: a fixed exchange ratio that will not adjust or account for fluctuations in the Company s or Essential s stock price; limitations on the parties ability to pursue alternatives to the proposed merger; an event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; a delay in the timing to consummate the proposed merger; each party s ability to obtain required governmental and regulatory approvals required for the proposed merger (and/or that such approvals may result in the imposition of burdensome or commercially undesirable conditions, including required dispositions, that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed merger); financial impacts of the proposed merger on the Company and the combined company s earnings, earnings per share, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and share price, and any related accounting impacts; any impact of the proposed merger on the Company s and the combined company s ability to declare and pay quarterly dividends on its common stock; the risk of litigation related to the proposed merger; changes in the parties key management and personnel; 2 Table of Contents the amount and nature of incurred transaction costs associated with the proposed merger; and reduced ownership and voting interests for the Company s and Essential s shareholders upon completion of the proposed merger; in addition to the foregoing, various risks and other uncertainties associated with the agreement to acquire certain water and wastewater systems from a subsidiary of Nexus Water Group, Inc., including: the final amount of the rate base to be acquired, and the amount of post-closing adjustments to the purchase price, if any, as contemplated by the acquisition agreement; the various impacts and effects of (i) compliance, or attempted compliance, with the terms and conditions of the acquisition agreement, and/or (ii) the completion of, or actions taken by the Company to complete, the acquisition, on the Company s operations, strategy, guidance, expectations and plans with respect to its Regulated Businesses (considered individually or together as a whole), its current or future capital expenditures, its current and future debt and equity capital needs, dividends, earnings (including earnings per share), growth, future regulatory outcomes, expectations with respect to rate base growth, and other financial and operational goals, plans, estimates and projections; and any requirement by the Company to pay a termination fee in the event the closing does not occur; risks and uncertainties following the completion of the sale of the Company s Homeowner Services Group ( HOS ), including the ability of the Company to redeploy successfully and timely the net proceeds of this transaction into the Company s Regulated Businesses; risks and uncertainties associated with contracting with the U.S. government, including ongoing compliance with applicable government procurement, security and cybersecurity regulations; cost overruns relating to improvements in or the expansion of the Company s operations; the Company s ability to successfully develop and implement new technologies and to protect related intellectual property; the Company s ability to maintain safe work sites; the Company s exposure to liabilities related to environmental laws and regulations, including those enacted or adopted and under consideration, and the substances related thereto, including without limitation copper, lead and galvanized steel, PFAS and other contaminants of emerging concern, and similar matters resulting from, among other things, water and wastewater service provided to customers; the ability of energy providers, state governments and other third parties to achieve or fulfill their GHG emission reduction goals, including without limitation through stated renewable portfolio standards and carbon transition plans; with respect to any of the Forward Sale Agreements, as described herein: (i) the inability of the forward purchasers (or their affiliates) to perform their obligations thereunder, (ii) the timing and method of any settlement thereof, (iii) the amount and intended use of proceeds that may be received by the Company from any such settlement, and (iv) the timing and amount of any common stock dilution resulting therefrom; changes in general economic, political, business and financial market conditions; access to sufficient debt and/or equity capital on satisfactory terms and as needed to support operations and capital expenditures; fluctuations in inflation or interest rates, and the Company s ability to address or mitigate the impacts thereof; the ability to comply with affirmative or negative covenants in the current or future indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or the issuance of new or modified credit ratings or outlooks by credit rating agencies with respect to the Company or any of its subsidiaries (or any current or future indebtedness thereof), which could increase financing costs or funding requirements and affect the Company s or its subsidiaries ability to issue, repay or redeem debt, pay dividends or make distributions; fluctuations in the value of, or assumptions and estimates related to, its benefit plan assets and liabilities, including with respect to its pension and other post-retirement benefit plans, that could increase expenses and plan funding requirements; changes in federal or state general, income and other tax laws, and the imposition, utilization or change in economic tariffs (or any attempt or effort to do so), including (i) future significant tax legislation or regulations (including without limitation impacts related to the Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax ( CAMT )), and (ii) the availability of, or the Company s compliance with, the terms of applicable tax credits and tax abatement programs; 3 Table of Contents migration of customers into or out of the Company s service territories and changes in water and energy consumption resulting therefrom; the use by municipalities of the power of eminent domain or other authority to condemn the systems of one or more of the Company s utility subsidiaries, including without limitation litigation and other proceedings with respect to the water system assets of the Company s California subsidiary ( Cal Am ) located in Monterey, California (the Monterey system assets ), or the assertion by private landowners of similar rights against such utility subsidiaries; any difficulty or inability to obtain insurance for the Company, its inability to obtain insurance at acceptable rates and on acceptable terms and conditions, or its inability to obtain reimbursement under existing or future insurance programs and coverages for any losses sustained; the incurrence of impairment charges, changes in fair value and other adjustments related to the Company s goodwill or the value of its other assets; labor actions, including work stoppages and strikes; the Company s ability to retain and attract highly qualified and skilled employees and talent; civil disturbances or unrest, or terrorist threats or acts, or public apprehension about future disturbances, unrest, or terrorist threats or acts; and the impact of new, and changes to existing, accounting standards. These forward-looking statements are qualified by, and should be read together with, the risks and uncertainties set forth above and the risk factors included in Item 1A Risk Factors and other statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and readers should refer to such risks, uncertainties and risk factors in evaluating such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements the Company makes shall speak only as of the date this Annual Report on Form 10-K was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Except as required by the federal securities laws, the Company does not have any obligation, and it specifically disclaims any undertaking or intention, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the Company to predict all such factors. Furthermore, it may not be possible to assess the impact of any such factor on the Company s businesses, either viewed independently or together, or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive. 4 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS The Company With a history dating back to 1886, American Water is the largest and most geographically diverse, publicly-traded water and wastewater utility company in the United States, as measured by both operating revenues and population served. A holding company originally incorporated in Delaware in 1936, the Company employs approximately 7,000 professionals who provide drinking water, wastewater and other related services to approximately 14 million people in 24 states. The Company conducts the majority of its business through regulated utilities that provide water and wastewater services, collectively presented as one reportable segment, referred to as the Regulated Businesses. The Company also operates other businesses that provide water and wastewater services to the U.S. government on military installations, as well as municipalities. Individually, these other businesses do not meet the criteria of a reportable segment in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ), and are collectively presented throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K within Other, which is consistent with how management assesses the results of these businesses. On October 26, 2025, parent company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Essential Merger Agreement ) with Essential to combine the two companies in a stock-for-stock transaction. The Essential Merger Agreement provides that, upon the completion of the proposed merger, Essential s shareholders will receive 0.305 shares of parent company common stock in exchange for each share of Essential common stock eligible for exchange in the merger. Upon completion of the proposed merger, Essential will be a wholly owned subsidiary of parent company, and parent company will retain its existing name and remain headquartered in Camden, New Jersey. The completion of the proposed merger is subject to certain customary conditions. The Company currently estimates that the closing of the proposed merger will occur by the end of the first quarter of 2027. See Note 5 Mergers, Acquisitions and Divestitures Agreement and Plan of Merger with Essential Utilities, Inc., in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, the Company, and American Water mean American Water Works Company, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of the date hereof, taken together as a whole. References to parent company mean American Water Works Company, Inc., without its subsidiaries. Regulated Businesses The Company s primary business involves the ownership of utilities that provide water and wastewater services to residential, commercial, industrial, public authority, fire service and sale for resale customers. The Company s utilities operate in 14 states in the United States, with 3.6 million active customers in its water and wastewater networks. Services provided by the Company s utilities are subject to regulation by multiple state utility commissions or other entities engaged in utility regulation, collectively referred to as public utility commissions ( PUCs ). Federal, state and local governments also regulate environmental, health and safety, and water quality and water accountability matters. The Company reports the results of the services provided by its utilities in the Regulated Businesses segment. Operating revenues for the Regulated Businesses were $4,723 million for 2025, $4,296 million for 2024 and $3,920 million for 2023, accounting for 92%, 92% and 93%, respectively, of the Company s total operating revenues for the same periods. 5 Table of Contents Presented in the table below is a geographic summary of the Regulated Businesses operating revenues and the number of customers the Company serves, by type of service, for and as of the year ended December 31, 2025: Operating Revenues (in millions) Number of Customers (in thousands) Water Wastewater Other (a) Total % of Total Water Wastewater Total % of Total Pennsylvania $ 931 $ 195 $ 14 $ 1,140 24.1 % 697 117 814 22.8 % New Jersey 1,024 67 14 1,105 23.4 % 680 70 750 21.0 % Missouri 548 23 4 575 12.2 % 486 24 510 14.3 % Illinois 435 95 18 548 11.6 % 299 77 376 10.5 % California 364 5 1 370 7.8 % 193 3 196 5.5 % Total Top Five States (b) 3,302 385 51 3,738 79.1 % 2,355 291 2,646 74.1 % Other (c) 931 37 17 985 20.9 % 887 39 926 25.9 % Total Regulated Businesses $ 4,233 $ 422 $ 68 $ 4,723 100.0 % 3,242 330 3,572 100.0 % (a) Includes other operating revenues consisting primarily of alternative revenue programs, miscellaneous utility charges, fees and rents. Customers associated with other operating revenues are not applicable. (b) The Company s Top Five States are determined based upon operating revenues. (c) Includes the Company s utility operations in the following states: Georgia, Hawaii, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Tennessee, Virginia and West Virginia and other revenue attributable collectively to the Regulated Businesses. Customers The Company s Regulated Businesses have a large and geographically diverse customer base. A customer is defined as a person, business, municipality or any other entity that purchases the Company s water or wastewater services as of the last business day of a reporting period. One single customer may purchase the Company s services for use by multiple individuals or businesses. Examples of these customers are homes, apartment complexes, businesses and governmental entities. The vast majority of the Company s regulated water customers are metered, which allows the Company to measure and bill for its customers water usage, typically on a monthly basis. The Company employs a variety of methods of customer meter reading to monitor consumption. These methods range from meters with mechanical registers where consumption is manually recorded by meter readers, to meters with electronic registers capable of transmitting consumption data to proximity devices or via radio frequency to mobile or fixed network data collectors. The Company s wastewater customers are billed either a flat rate or based upon their water consumption. Residential customers make up a substantial portion of the Company s customer base in all of the states in which it operates. The Company also serves (i) commercial customers, such as food and beverage providers, commercial property developers and proprietors, and energy suppliers, (ii) fire service customers, where the Company supplies water through its distribution systems to public fire hydrants for firefighting purposes and to private fire customers for use in fire suppression systems in office buildings and other facilities, (iii) industrial customers, such as large-scale manufacturers, mining and production operations, (iv) public authorities, such as government buildings and other public sector facilities, including schools and universities, and (v) other utilities and community water and wastewater systems in the form of bulk contracts for the supply of water or the treatment of wastewater for their own customers. 6 Table of Contents Presented in the table below is a breakout of the Company s Regulated Businesses operating revenue by class of customer, for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023: 2025 2024 2023 (In millions) Revenue Percentage of Revenue Revenue Percentage of Revenue Revenue Percentage of Revenue Water Services: Residential $ 2,557 54 % $ 2,349 55 % $ 2,143 55 % Commercial 981 21 % 885 21 % 798 20 % Fire service 189 4 % 164 4 % 158 4 % Industrial 195 4 % 184 4 % 167 4 % Public and other water (a) 311 7 % 291 7 % 274 7 % Wastewater 422 9 % 363 8 % 327 8 % Other (b) 68 1 % 60 1 % 53 2 % Total $ 4,723 100 % $ 4,296 100 % $ 3,920 100 % (a) Includes water revenues from public authorities and other utilities and community water systems under bulk contracts. (b) Includes other operating revenues consisting primarily of alternative revenue programs, miscellaneous utility charges, fees and rents. Presented in the table below is the number of water and wastewater customers the Company s Regulated Businesses served by class of customer as of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, which represents approximately 13 million people served as of December 31, 2025: 2025 2024 2023 (In thousands) Water Wastewater Water Wastewater Water Wastewater Residential 2,942 307 2,920 307 2,893 279 Commercial 224 21 222 21 221 18 Fire service 55 53 52 Industrial 4 4 4 Public and other (a) 17 2 18 1 18 1 Total 3,242 330 3,217 329 3,188 298 (a) Includes public authorities and other utilities and community water and wastewater systems under bulk contracts. Bulk contracts, which are accounted for as a single customer in the table above, generally result in service to multiple customers. Customer growth in the Company s Regulated Businesses is primarily from (i) adding new customers to its customer base through acquisitions of water and/or wastewater utility systems, (ii) population growth in its authorized service areas, and (iii) sale of water to other water utilities and community water systems. Water Supply and Wastewater Services The Company s Regulated Businesses generally own the physical assets used to store, pump, treat and deliver water to its customers and collect, treat, transport and recycle wastewater. Typically, the Company does not own the water. The water the Company treats and delivers is held in public trust and is allocated to the Company through contracts, permits and allocation rights granted by federal and state or multi-state agencies or through the ownership of water rights pursuant to local law. The Company is dependent on defined sources of water supply and obtains its water supply from surface water sources such as reservoirs, lakes, rivers and streams; from groundwater sources, such as wells and aquifers; and water purchased from third-party water suppliers. The level of water treatment the Company applies varies significantly depending upon the quality of the water source and any state requirements that are more restrictive than federal water quality standards. Surface water sources typically require significant treatment, while groundwater sources often require chemical treatment only. 7 Table of Contents Presented in the table below are the percentages of water supply by source type for the Company s Top Five States individually and the Regulated Businesses collectively for the year ended December 31, 2025: Surface Water Ground Water Purchased Water Pennsylvania 91% 7% 2% New Jersey 74% 22% 4% Missouri 83% 16% 1% Illinois 50% 38% 12% California % 65% 35% Regulated Businesses 70% 23% 7% The Company s ability to meet the existing and future water demands of its customers depends on an adequate water supply. Drought, governmental restrictions, overuse of sources of water, the protection of threatened species or habitats, contamination or other factors may limit the availability of ground and surface water. The Company employs a variety of measures in an effort to obtain adequate sources of water supply, both in the short-term and over the long-term. The geographic diversity of the Company s service areas may mitigate some of the economic effects on the water supply associated with weather extremes the Company might encounter in any particular service territory. For example, in any given summer, some areas may experience drier than average weather, which may reduce the amount of source water available, while other areas the Company serves may experience wetter than average weather. The Company evaluates quality, quantity, growth needs and alternate sources of water supply as well as transmission and distribution capacity to provide water service to its customers. Water supply is seasonal in nature and weather conditions can have a pronounced effect on supply. To support the maintenance of adequate water supplies, the Company uses long-term planning processes and maintains contingency plans to minimize the potential impact on service caused by climate variability and a wide range of weather fluctuations. The Company reviews current climate science and global models related to temperature, precipitation and sea level rise on an ongoing basis. Where actionable forecasts are available, the Company will use this information in its comprehensive planning studies and asset management plans. These studies and plans, which are used by the Company to develop its asset management and system reliability strategies, assess the climate risk and resiliency of the Company s water and wastewater systems over short-, medium- and long-term time horizons, and include evaluations of the availability of water supplies and system capacity against a number of different factors, projections and estimates. In connection with supply planning for most surface or groundwater sources, the Company employs models to determine safe yields under different rainfall and drought conditions. Surface and ground water levels are routinely monitored in an effort to predict and mitigate supply capacity deficits through demand management and additional supply development. In California, where the state has previously experienced multi-year droughts, the Company utilizes multiple water supply options including numerous ground water wells in multiple aquifers as well as various long-term purchase water agreements with regional water suppliers to optimize supplies while seeking resiliency during dry years. An example of the Company s use of long-term planning intended to ensure an adequate water supply is Cal Am s development and support of the Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project (the Water Supply Project ) in California. The Water Supply Project includes the construction of a desalination plant, to be owned by Cal Am, and the construction of wells that would supply water to the desalination plant. In addition, the Water Supply Project also includes Cal Am s purchase of water from a groundwater replenishment project (the GWR Project ) between Monterey One Water (formerly known as the Monterey Regional Water Pollution Control Agency) and the Monterey Peninsula Water Management District (the MPWMD ), as well as an expanded aquifer storage and recovery program. The Water Supply Project is intended, among other things, to fulfill obligations of Cal Am to eliminate unauthorized diversions from the Carmel River as required under orders of the California State Water Resources Control Board (the SWRCB ). For more information, see Item 3 Legal Proceedings Alternative Water Supply in Lieu of Carmel River Diversions and Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies Contingencies Alternative Water Supply in Lieu of Carmel River Diversions, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Wastewater services involve the collection of wastewater from customers premises through sewer lines. The wastewater is then transported through a sewer network to a treatment facility, where it is treated to meet required regulatory standards for wastewater before being returned to the environment. The solid waste by-product of the treatment process is disposed of or recycled in accordance with applicable standards and regulations. 8 Table of Contents Capital Investment The Company plans to invest between $46 billion and $48 billion over the next 10 years for capital improvements, including acquisitions, to its Regulated Businesses water and wastewater infrastructure, largely for pipe replacement and upgrading aging water and wastewater treatment facilities. The Company is proactively improving its pipe renewal rate from what was a 250-year replacement cycle in 2009 to a less than a 150-year replacement cycle on average over the last five years. The specific replacement rate varies by year depending on other high priority capital needs, but the Company anticipates it will reach better than a 100-year replacement rate within the next decade, which is generally viewed in the industry as a minimum benchmark for a long-term sustainable replacement rate. In addition, from 2026 to 2030, the Company s capital investment in treatment plants, storage tanks and other key, above-ground facilities is expected to increase, further seeking to address infrastructure renewal, resiliency, water quality, operational efficiency, technology and innovation, and emerging regulatory compliance needs. The Company continues to invest significantly in resiliency projects to address the impacts of climate and weather variability by hardening its assets. Regulation and Rate Making The operations of the Company s Regulated Businesses are generally subject to regulation by PUCs in the states in which they operate, with the primary responsibility of the PUCs being the promotion of the overall public interest by balancing the interest of customers and utility investors. Specific authority might differ from state to state, but in most states, PUCs review and approve rates charged to customers, accounting treatments, long-term financing applications and cost of capital, operation and maintenance ( O M ) expenses, capital expenditures, taxes, affiliated transactions and relationships, reorganizations, mergers and acquisitions, and dispositions, along with imposing certain penalties or granting certain incentives. Regulatory policies vary from state to state and can change over time. These policies will affect the timing, as well as the extent, of recovery of expenses and the realized return on invested capital. Periodic changes in customer rates generally occur through the filing of a rate case by the utility with the PUC. The timing of rate case filings is typically determined by either periodic requirements in the regulatory jurisdiction or by the utility s need to increase its revenue requirement to recover capital investment costs, changes in operating revenues, operating costs or other market conditions. The Company attempts to minimize regulatory lag, which is the time between the occurrence of an event that triggers a change in the utility s revenue requirement and the recognition in rates of that change. The Company s Regulated Businesses support regulatory practices at the PUCs and state legislatures that mitigate the adverse impact of regulatory lag. Presented in the table below are examples of approved regulatory practices: Regulatory Practices Description States Allowed Infrastructure replacement surcharge mechanisms Allows rates to change periodically, outside a general rate case proceeding, to reflect recovery of capital investments made to replace infrastructure necessary to sustain safe and reliable services for the Company s customers. These mechanisms typically involve periodic filings and reviews to ensure transparency. IA, IL, IN, MO, NJ, PA, TN, VA, WV Future test year A test year is a period used for setting rates, and a future test year describes the first 12 months that new rates are proposed to be effective. The use of a future test year allows current or projected revenues, expenses and capital investments to be collected on a more timely basis. CA, HI, IA, IL, IN, KY, MO, PA, TN, VA Hybrid test year A historical test year sets rates using data from a 12-month period that ends prior to a general rate case filing. A hybrid test year allows an update to historical data for known and measurable changes that occur subsequent to the historical test year. MD, NJ, WV Utility plant recovery mechanisms Allows recovery of the full return on utility plant costs during the construction period, instead of capitalizing an allowance for funds used during construction ( AFUDC ). In addition, some states allow the utility to seek pre-approval of certain capital projects and associated costs. In this pre-approval process, the PUC may assess the prudency of such projects. CA, IL, PA, TN, VA Expense mechanisms Allows changes in certain operating expenses, which may fluctuate based on conditions beyond the utility s control, to be recovered outside of a general rate case proceeding or deferred until the next general rate case proceeding. CA, HI, IL, IN, MD, MO, NJ, PA, TN, VA Revenue stability mechanisms Adjusts rates periodically to ensure that a utility recovers the revenues authorized in its general rate case, regardless of sales volume, including recognition of declining sales resulting from reduced consumption, while providing an incentive for customers to use water more efficiently. In California, the ratemaking tool provides partial revenue recovery with a focus on promotion of conservation signals in the pricing structure. CA, IL Consolidated utility tariffs Use of a unified rate structure for water systems owned and operated by a single utility, which may or may not be physically interconnected. The consolidated utility tariff pricing structure may be used fully or partially in a state, and is generally used to moderate the price impact of periodic fluctuations in local costs, while lowering administrative costs for customers. Pennsylvania and West Virginia also permit a blending of water and wastewater revenue requirements. CA, IA, IL, IN, KY, MO, NJ, PA, VA, WV Deferred accounting A regulator s willingness to defer recognition of financial impacts when setting rates for utilities. All 9 Table of Contents The Company pursues enhancements to these regulatory practices to facilitate efficient recovery of its costs and capital investments and to continue to provide safe, clean, reliable and affordable services to its customers. The ability to seek regulatory treatment using the regulatory practices described above does not guarantee that the PUCs will accept the Company s proposal in the context of a particular rate case, and these regulatory practices may reduce, but not eliminate, regulatory lag associated with traditional rate making processes. It is also the Company s strategy to expand the use of these mechanisms in areas where they may not currently apply and enhance certain mechanisms where they already exist. Acquisitions and Strategic Growth The U.S. water and wastewater industries include investor-owned systems as well as municipal systems that are owned and operated by local governments or governmental subdivisions. According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ), as of 2025, approximately 84% of the water market is served by municipal systems and, as of 2022, approximately 98% of the country s wastewater systems are government owned. The EPA also estimates, as of 2025, that there are over 50,000 community water systems and, as of 2022, over 16,000 community wastewater systems in the United States, with approximately 81% of the community water systems serving a population of approximately 3,000 or less. A fundamental aspect of the Company s growth strategy is to pursue acquisitions of water and/or wastewater systems in geographic proximity to areas where the Company operates its Regulated Businesses, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information. The Company leverages its collective size and scale to achieve operational efficiencies, prioritize capital investments and utilize employee knowledge to manage acquired systems. Operational efficiencies and investment needs allow the Company to be successful in integrating and managing the systems acquired with its regulated service areas. The Company s Regulated Businesses current customer mix of 91% water and 9% wastewater also presents strategic opportunities for wastewater growth and consolidation, allowing the Company to add wastewater customers where it already serves water customers. The Company intends to continue to expand its regulated footprint geographically by acquiring water and wastewater systems in its existing markets and, if appropriate, pursuing acquisition opportunities in certain domestic markets where the Company does not currently operate its Regulated Businesses. Before entering new regulatory jurisdictions (states), the Company will evaluate the regulatory, legislative and business climates for the opportunity to achieve an appropriate rate of return on its investment while maintaining its high standards of services to customers. The Company will also evaluate whether there is a line of sight to grow to sufficient scale in a new regulated market so that it can attain efficiencies and promote customer affordability after entering a new domestic market. Increasingly stringent environmental, health and safety, cybersecurity and water quality and water accountability regulations, the amount of infrastructure in need of significant capital investment, financial challenges and industry legislation are several elements, among others, that may drive more municipalities to consider selling their water and wastewater assets. Industry Legislation American Water continues to advocate for constructive policies at the federal level that align with the Company s strategic priorities and would be beneficial to its customers. These include bi-partisan, bi-cameral legislation to establish a permanent, nationwide, low income water assistance program, given the expiration of the previous program in 2023; establishing liability exemptions under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 ( CERCLA ) for certain entities, notably passive receivers of hazardous substances, specifically related to PFAS (such as water and wastewater utilities); and granting investor-owned wastewater utilities the opportunity to access state revolving loan funds. Additional constructive legislative efforts include H.R. 2872, which would allow utilities to deduct repair costs from their adjusted financial statement income calculation for CAMT, and H.R. 2594, legislation to establish a Water Risk and Resilience Organization to develop cybersecurity requirements for water systems. Efforts to advance these legislative priorities will continue in 2026. The Company s regulated subsidiaries in New Jersey, Indiana and Missouri have versions of water quality or safety accountability acts that require operational or safety and security standards for water and wastewater utilities serving a certain number of customers. In New Jersey, the law imposes requirements in areas such as asset management, water quality reporting, remediation of notices of violation, hydrant and valve maintenance and cybersecurity. In Indiana, the law requires water and wastewater utilities to conduct rate analyses, develop capital asset management plans and conduct cybersecurity and water loss audits. In Missouri, the act requires water and wastewater utilities to create cybersecurity, valve inspection and hydrant inspection programs. 10 Table of Contents The Company s regulated subsidiaries in California, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia and West Virginia have access to utility valuation legislation and regulation for private sector investment in public sector water and wastewater systems. The Company supports full optionality for municipalities, including state legislation that enables the consolidation of the largely fragmented water and wastewater industries through third-party fair market valuations of purchased property. Fair market value assessment of water and wastewater systems is an alternative to the traditional depreciated original cost method of valuation, and allows the Company to offer municipalities a purchase price for their system assets that is reflective of the assets fair market value, while providing the Company with increased opportunity to recover the purchase price over the life of the purchased system assets, subject to PUC approval. Consolidated utility tariffs use a unified rate structure for systems owned and operated by a single utility, which may or may not be physically interconnected. Consolidated tariff pricing moderates the impact of periodic fluctuations in local costs and promotes a more universal water infrastructure investment in a jurisdiction. As a result, consolidated tariffs can make it easier to incorporate new systems into an existing utility, support economies of scale for even the smallest of systems and prioritize capital needs across the jurisdiction. Overall, the Company believes that consolidated tariffs bring cost-effective, high-quality services to a larger number of customers. Ten of the Company s regulated jurisdictions currently have some form of consolidated tariff pricing, including California, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Missouri, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Virginia and West Virginia. Seasonality Customer demand for the Company s water service is affected by weather and tends to vary with temperature and amount and frequency of rainfall. Customer demand is generally greater during the warmer months, primarily due to increased outdoor water use, including irrigation systems. As such, the Company typically expects its operating revenues to be the highest in the third quarter of each year. Weather that is warmer and/or drier than average generally increases operating revenues, whereas, weather that is cooler and/or wetter than average generally suppresses customer water demand and can reduce water operating revenues. Two of the Company s jurisdictions, California and Illinois, have adopted revenue stability mechanisms which permit the Company to collect a portion or all of state PUC-authorized revenue for a given period that is not tied to the volume of water sold during that period, thereby lessening the impact of weather variability. See Regulation and Rate Making for additional information regarding revenue stability mechanisms. Affordability As a water utility, the Company s water must be safe, clean, reliable and affordable. Through increased efficiency, conservation and affordability support programs and utility tariffs, on average across the enterprise, the Company achieves average residential bills that are at or below 1% of median household income. Succeeding in water affordability positively affects the health and safety of the Company s customers and contributes to the economic prosperity of the communities in which it operates. T he Company continues to advocate for federal and state customer affordability support and monitors the number of customers enrolled in its assistance programs to make sure that it is effectively responding to customer needs. In addition, the Company advocates for low income rate discount programs and rate design reform measures in state rate proceedings that will improve the affordability of service specifically for lower income customers. Competition The Company s Regulated Businesses generally do not face direct competition in their existing markets because (i) the Company operates in those markets pursuant to franchises, charters, certificates of public convenience and necessity or similar authorizations (collectively, CPCNs ) issued by state PUCs or other authorities, and (ii) the high cost of constructing a new water and wastewater system in an existing market creates a significant barrier to market entry. However, the Company s Regulated Businesses face competition from governmental agencies, other investor-owned utilities, large industrial customers with the ability to provide their own water supply/treatment process and strategic buyers that are entering new markets and/or making strategic acquisitions. When pursuing acquisitions, the Company s largest investor-owned competitors, based on a comparison of operating revenues and population served, include Essential, American States Water Company and California Water Service Group. From time to time, the Company also faces competition from infrastructure funds, multi-utility companies and others, such as Algonquin Power and Utilities Corp. and Nexus Water Group. 11 Table of Contents Condemnation and Eminent Domain All or portions of the Regulated Businesses utility assets could be acquired by state, municipal or other government entities through one or more of the following methods: (i) eminent domain (also known as condemnation); (ii) the right of purchase given or reserved by a municipality or political subdivision when the original CPCN was granted; and (iii) the right of purchase given or reserved under the law of the state in which the utility subsidiary was incorporated or from which it received its CPCN. The acquisition consideration related to such a proceeding initiated by a local government may be determined consistent with applicable eminent domain law, or may be negotiated or fixed by appraisers as prescribed by the law of the state or the jurisdiction of the particular CPCN. As such, the Regulated Businesses are periodically subject to condemnation proceedings in the ordinary course of business. For example, the Monterey system assets of Cal Am are the subject of a condemnation lawsuit filed by the MPWMD stemming from a November 2018 public ballot initiative. For more information on this matter, see Item 3 Legal Proceedings Proposed Acquisition of Monterey System Assets Potential Condemnation. Furthermore, the law in certain jurisdictions in which the Regulated Businesses operate provides for eminent domain rights allowing private property owners to file a lawsuit to seek just compensation against a public utility, if a public utility s infrastructure has been determined to be a substantial cause of damage to that property. In these actions, the plaintiff would not have to prove that the public utility acted negligently. In California, for example, lawsuits have been filed in connection with large-scale natural events such as wildfires. Some of these lawsuits have included allegations that infrastructure of certain utilities triggered the natural event that resulted in damage to the property. In some cases, the PUC has allowed certain costs or losses incurred by the utility to be recovered from customers in rates, but in other cases such recovery in rates has been disallowed. Also, the utility may have obtained insurance that could respond to some or all of such losses, although the utility would be at risk for any losses not ultimately subject to rate or insurance recovery or losses that exceed the limits of such insurance. Other Other primarily includes the MSG business, which enters into long-term contracts with the U.S. government to provide water and wastewater services on military installations. Other also includes a contract with a municipal customer to operate and manage water and wastewater facilities and provide other related services. Other also includes corporate costs that are not allocated to the Company s Regulated Businesses, interest income related to the secured seller promissory note from the sale of HOS, income from assets not associated with the Regulated Businesses, eliminations of inter-segment transactions and fair value adjustments related to acquisitions that have not been allocated to the Regulated Businesses segment. The businesses included within Other are not subject to regulation by state PUCs and the services provided generally do not require significant capital investment by the Company. Operating revenues for Other were $417 million for 2025, $388 million for 2024 and $314 million for 2023, accounting for 8%, 8% and 7%, respectively, of the Company s total operating revenues for the same periods. Military Services Group MSG operates on 18 military installations under 50-year contracts with the U.S. government as part of its Utilities Privatization Program. The scope of these contracts generally includes the operation and maintenance of the installation s water and wastewater systems and a capital program focused on asset replacement and, in certain instances, systems expansion. The replacement of assets assumed when a contract is awarded to MSG is completed either through a discrete set of projects executed in the first five years of the contract or through the long-term recapitalization program performed over the life of the contract. Traditionally, both of these programs are funded from the contract fee. At times, new assets are required to support the installation s mission, and the construction of these assets is funded by the U.S. government as separate modifications or amendments to the contract. The capital for these assets historically has not been funded through the Company s debt or equity issuances; rather, the Company has used limited working capital for short-term needs under these contracts. The U.S. Army has a requirement that a bidder must offer financing in its proposal for these new capital projects under existing contracts, but the U.S. Army s implementation of this requirement on existing contracts has limited the need for such financing. However, recent U.S. Army, Air Force, and Navy Utilities Privatization solicitations have included requirements for the successful bidder to finance discrete initial capital projects over either a five- or ten-year period after project completion. Four of MSG s current contracts require such capital project financing, which the Company is currently addressing through internal sources of liquidity. 12 Table of Contents The contract price for three of MSG s contracts with the U.S. government is subject to redetermination two years after commencement of operations, and every three years thereafter. Price redetermination is a contract mechanism to periodically adjust the service fee in the next period, to reflect changes in contract obligations and anticipated market conditions. The remaining 15 contracts with the U.S. government are subject to annual price adjustments under a mechanism called Economic Price Adjustment. All 18 contracts could be terminated, in whole or in part, prior to the end of the 50-year term for convenience of the U.S. government, or as a result of default or non-performance by the MSG subsidiary performing the contract. In either event, pursuant to termination provisions applicable to all of these contracts, MSG would be entitled to recover allowable costs that it may have incurred under the contract, plus the contract profit margin on incurred costs. MSG s backlog of revenue associated with its contracts with the U.S. government is approximately $7.4 billion, with an average remaining contract term of 37 years. Competition MSG faces competition primarily from American States Water Company. Environmental, Health and Safety, Water Quality and Other Regulation The Company s water and wastewater operations, including the services provided by its Regulated Businesses and MSG, are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment, health and safety, the provision of water and wastewater services, particularly with respect to the quality of water the Company delivers to its customers, and the manner in which it collects, treats, discharges, recycles and disposes of wastewater. In the United States, these regulations are developed under federal legislation including the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Reduction of Lead in Drinking Water Act and the Clean Water Act, and under a variety of applicable state laws. Environmental, health and safety, and water quality regulations are complex and may vary from state to state in those instances where a state has adopted a standard that is more stringent than the federal standard. The Company is also subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing the storage of hazardous materials, the management and disposal of hazardous and solid wastes, discharges to air and water, the cleanup of contaminated sites, dam safety and other matters relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety. PUCs also set conditions and standards for the water and wastewater services the Company delivers. The Company maintains an environmental program that includes responsible business practices focused on compliance with environmental laws and regulations and the effective use of natural resources, recognizing that drinking water standards and wastewater requirements have generally, over time, increased in number and become increasingly more stringent. As newer or stricter standards are introduced, the Company s capital and operating costs needed to comply with them will likely increase. The Company incurs substantial costs associated with compliance with the environmental, health and safety, and water quality standards to which its operations are subject and the Company invests in technology solutions for enhanced detection and monitoring of water quality issues. The Company estimates that it will make capital expenditures of approximately $4.1 billion over the next five years, and approximately $788 million in 2026, to address water quality issues; most of which are focused on compliance with environmental laws and regulations. The Company believes that its operations are materially in compliance with, and in many cases surpass, minimum standards required by applicable environmental laws and regulations. The Company s operations also involve the use, storage and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. For example, the Company s water and wastewater treatment facilities store and use a variety of chemicals, including, for example, gaseous chlorine, that generate waste and require proper handling and disposal under applicable environmental requirements. The Company also could incur remedial costs in connection with any contamination relating to its operations or facilities or its off-site disposal of waste. CERCLA authorizes the EPA, and comparable state laws authorize state environmental authorities, to issue orders and bring enforcement actions to compel responsible parties to investigate and take remedial actions at any site that is determined to present an actual or potential threat to human health or the environment because of an actual or threatened release of one or more hazardous substances. Parties that generated or transported hazardous substances to such sites, as well as current and former owners and operators of such sites, may be deemed liable, without regard to fault, under CERCLA or comparable state laws. Although the Company is not aware of any material cleanup or decontamination obligations, the discovery of contamination or the imposition of such obligations in the future could result in additional costs to the Company. The Company s facilities and operations are also subject to requirements under the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act and inspections thereunder. Safe Drinking Water Act The Safe Drinking Water Act and related regulations establish national standards for drinking water quality. The EPA has issued rules governing the levels of numerous, naturally occurring and manufactured chemical and microbial contaminants and radionuclides allowable in drinking water, and continues to propose new rules. These rules also prescribe testing requirements for detecting regulated contaminants, the treatment systems that may be used for removing those contaminants, and other requirements. To date, the EPA has set standards for over 90 contaminants and water quality indicators for drinking water, and there is a process in place to make a regulatory determination on at least five additional compounds every five years. 13 Table of Contents The process of developing new drinking water standards is long and complex, but the Company actively participates with the EPA and other water industry groups by sharing research and water quality operational knowledge. See Item 1 Business Research and Development Contaminants of Emerging Concern for additional information. The Company is within the EPA s time frame for compliance with standards and rules developed under the regulation of the Safe Drinking Water Act, which includes sample collection, data analysis, and, in some instances engineering planning and implementation of treatment enhancements. Further, the EPA is actively considering development of a new regulation for perchlorate and updates to the current microbial and disinfection byproduct regulations. The Company does not anticipate that any such regulations, if enacted, will require implementation in 2026. The Company is tracking state level regulations that require implementation in 2026 and supporting state operations in its compliance efforts. Although it is difficult to project the ultimate costs of complying with the above or other pending or future requirements, the Company expects current cost requirements under the Safe Drinking Water Act and other similar laws to be recoverable through the regulatory process and therefore compliance costs are not expected to have a material impact on its operations or financial condition. In addition, capital expenditures and operating costs to comply with environmental mandates have been traditionally recognized by PUCs as appropriate for inclusion in establishing rates. As a result, the Company expects to recover the operating and capital costs resulting from these pending or future requirements. Reduction of Potential Lead Exposure in Drinking Water Over the last 40 years, there have been numerous federal regulations aimed at reducing the potential exposure of lead from plumbing materials into drinking water. Regulations have addressed both piping system materials and water quality. In 1986, the Safe Drinking Water Act was amended to prohibit the installation of pipe, solder and flux in public water systems and premise plumbing systems that was not lead-free. In 1991, the EPA published the Lead and Copper Rule, as amended ( LCR ), to reduce the corrosivity of water and control lead and copper in drinking water. In 2011, the Reduction of Lead in Drinking Water Act was enacted, further limiting the use and introduction into commerce of lead pipes, plumbing fittings for fixtures, solder and flux. Since that time, the EPA has issued several minor revisions (2000, 2004 and 2007) and two major revisions (2021 and 2024) to the LCR. While these measures have made an impact in reducing potential lead exposure in drinking water in the United States and educating water consumers, the 2021 Lead and Copper Rule Revisions ( LCRR ) and 2024 Lead and Copper Rule Improvements ( LCRI ) rules further advance public health protections by addressing the legacy lead service lines as well as lead plumbing materials, primarily in building plumbing, that still remain in many communities. The 2021 and 2024 revisions are discussed below. On January 15, 2021, the EPA published the final LCRR with a revised final compliance date of October 16, 2024. The LCRR is designed to better identify high levels of lead, improve the reliability of lead tap sampling results, strengthen corrosion control treatment requirements, expand consumer awareness and improve risk communication. On October 30, 2024, the EPA published the LCRI with a Compliance Date of November 1, 2027. The LCRI focus includes requirements related to (i) replacing all lead and certain galvanized service lines under a utility s control by October 30, 2037, 10 years after the Compliance Date; (ii) identifying the materials of all service lines of unknown material; (iii) improving tap sampling; (iv) reducing the lead action level; and (v) strengthening protections to reduce exposure to lead. The LCRI also deferred the compliance date of certain requirements of the LCRR to allow for compliance with both new rules. The Company estimates an investment of approximately $1.5 billion of capital expenditures between 2026 and 2030 related to complying with the LCRI. The Company will continue to invest thereafter in order to fully comply with the LCRI by 2037. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act was signed into law in November 2021 and provides for up to $15 billion for lead service line replacement through drinking water state revolving funds. The Company continues to evaluate its service territories and has applied for funding for those areas that meet applicable requirements. With regard to future acquisitions, the Company will work with those communities as part of the acquisition process to set lead service line ( LSL ) removal goals appropriate for those systems. The prioritization of LSL removal is dependent on several factors, including the Company s planned water main and service line renewal projects, adjacent projects by municipalities or other utilities, LCRI compliance monitoring results, and cooperation with its customers with respect to replacing the customer-owned portion of the LSL as necessary. In certain cases, these and other factors may result in a shorter or longer time frame for replacement. Because replacing the external LSL in its entirety is advised by several water industry organizations including the U.S. National Drinking Water Advisory Council, the Lead Service Line Replacement Collaborative, and the American Water Works Association, the Company s preferred approach is to replace the entire external LSL if lead is found on either the Company or customer portion of the service line; full LSL replacement is also consistent with the LCRR and final LCRI. The Lead Service Line Replacement Collaborative is a diverse group of public health, water utility, environmental, labor, consumer and housing organizations from across the country working together to encourage communities to accelerate the full replacement of LSLs through collaborative efforts at the local level. 14 Table of Contents As part of its ongoing water main replacement and service line renewal projects, and in accordance with applicable state regulations and anticipation of updated federal regulation, the Company has been replacing LSLs for many years in accordance with current scientific guidance. Also, the Company utilizes appropriate corrosion control techniques as necessary to comply with current water quality regulatory requirements. National Primary Drinking Water Regulations On April 10, 2024, the EPA announced a final National Primary Drinking Water Regulation ( NPDWR ) for six PFAS, including perfluorooctanoic acid ( PFOA ), perfluorooctane sulfonic acid ( PFOS ), perfluorononanoic acid ( PFNA ), hexafluoropropylene oxide dimer acid ( HFPO-DA , commonly known as GenX Chemicals ), perfluorohexane sulfonic acid ( PFHxS ), and perfluorobutane sulfonic acid ( PFBS ). The NPDWR for PFAS establishes legally enforceable levels, called Maximum Contaminant Levels ( MCLs ), for PFAS in drinking water. Utilities will be required to complete their initial monitoring for PFAS by 2027, followed by ongoing compliance monitoring. Although the EPA has indicated its intent to extend the compliance deadline to 2031, under the current rule utilities will be required to comply with the new MCLs by April 2029, implementing solutions to reduce PFAS levels where needed. Beginning in April 2029, utilities that exceed any of the PFAS MCLs will be required to provide notification to the public of the violation. The Company currently estimates an investment of approximately $2 billion of capital expenditures to install additional treatment facilities in order to comply with the NPDWR for PFAS as proposed. Additionally, the Company estimates that it will incur annual operating expenses of up to approximately $50 million related to testing and treatment, with the majority of the operating expenses beginning near the April 2029 compliance deadline. The actual level of capital investment and expenses may differ from these estimates and will be dependent upon market dynamics upon implementation of solutions to comply with the NPDWR for PFAS. The Company has entered into a nine-year exclusive contract with a third-party vendor to supply granular activated carbon, equipment and reactivation services to more than 50 of the Company s treatment sites across 10 states through 2033. The equipment and services provided through the contract will aid the Company in treating drinking water to assist in complying with the NPDWR for PFAS. The Company supports sound policies and compliance with the NPDWR for PFAS by all water utilities, while protecting customers and communities from the costly burden of monitoring and mitigating PFAS contamination in water systems. The Company continues to advocate for policies that hold polluters accountable and is participating in the multi-district litigation and other lawsuits filed against certain PFAS manufacturers seeking damages and reimbursement of costs incurred and continuing to be incurred to address contamination of public water supply systems by PFAS. For more information on the PFAS multi-district litigation, see Item 3 Legal Proceedings PFAS Multi-District Litigation. On April 19, 2024, the EPA issued a final rule to designate PFOA and PFOS as hazardous substances under CERCLA. The Company, along with a coalition of other water and wastewater organizations, continues to actively advocate for and support bipartisan legislation that would provide PFAS liability protections under CERCLA for water and wastewater systems, as passive receivers of PFAS, and to hold polluters, and not the public or customers, accountable for PFAS-related liability. Clean Water Act The Clean Water Act and related state laws regulate discharges from drinking water and wastewater treatment facilities into lakes, rivers, streams and groundwater. In addition to requirements applicable to the Company s wastewater collection systems, its operations require discharge permits under the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System ( NPDES ) permit program established under the Clean Water Act, which must be renewed every five years. Pursuant to the NPDES permit program, the EPA and implementing states set discharge limits for wastewater effluents and overflows from wastewater collection systems. Discharges that fail to comply with the limits specified under NPDES permits can lead to the imposition of fines and penalties, and persistent non-compliance could lead to significant fines and penalties and other compliance costs. In addition, the difficulty of obtaining and complying with NPDES permits, and renewing expiring permits, may impose time and cost burdens on the Company s operations. From time to time, discharge violations occur at the Company s facilities, some of which result in fines. The Company does not expect any such violations or fines to have a material impact on its results of operations or financial condition. The EPA has identified wastewater discharge permitting and permits for the application of biosolids, or sewage sludge, containing PFAS as areas of focus in its PFAS Strategic Roadmap. Individual states may also take action in these areas. As indicated previously, capital expenditures and operating costs to comply with environmental mandates have been traditionally recognized by PUCs as appropriate for inclusion in establishing rates. As a result, the Company expects to recover the operating and capital costs resulting from any new requirements in these areas. 15 Table of Contents Research and Development The Company s Research and Development Program The Company maintains an industry-leading research and development ( R D ) program that is designed to enhance its services, support its compliance activities, improve service quality and operational effectiveness, and provide environmental leadership. For more than four decades from its inception, American Water s R D program has evolved into an industry-leading effort and has achieved numerous advancements in the science of drinking water, wastewater, and desalination. Through laboratory and industry resources and the team s expertise, efforts are focused on contaminants of emerging concern, including but not limited to PFAS, Legionella, cyanotoxin-forming algal blooms, a variety of pathogens (for example, Cryptosporidium, Giardia, viruses, and various bacteria), microbial indicators and disinfection byproducts. The Company s R D personnel are located at the Company s corporate headquarters and at two laboratory testing facilities in New Jersey and Illinois, the latter housing its quality control and testing laboratory, which supports the Company s R D activities through testing and analysis. The Company continues to leverage its expertise and collaborates with the EPA and state agencies to help establish effective environmental, health and safety, and water quality standards and regulations. This relationship includes sharing of the Company s research, such as its treatment and distribution system optimization research and its national water quality monitoring data. The Company s engagement with the EPA provides it with early insight into emerging regulatory issues and initiatives, thereby allowing the Company to anticipate and to accommodate its future compliance requirements. The Company also frequently engages with the American Water Works Association, other state environmental agencies, universities, research labs and national and international water research foundations. The Company believes that continued R D activities are critical for providing safe, clean, reliable and affordable services, as well as maintaining its leadership position in the industry, which provides the Company with a competitive advantage as it seeks business and operational growth. Contaminants of Emerging Concern Contaminants of emerging concern include numerous chemicals such as PFAS, pharmaceuticals, personal care products, pesticides, herbicides, antibiotic resistant bacteria, antibiotic resistant genes, endocrine disrupting compounds, microplastics and industrial chemicals, as well as certain naturally occurring microbes, such as bacteria, viruses and parasites, which may be detected in drinking water supplies, for which the risk to the public s health is not fully understood and/or has not been assessed. Technological advances have only recently made it possible to detect many of these contaminants at trace levels. The ability to detect contaminants at trace levels contributes to setting improved water quality goals. The Chemical Abstract Service Registry contains over 290 million registered chemicals, with an estimated 1,500 species of disease-causing microbes that can affect humans. The Company is continually investigating new substances and contaminants, employing a team of scientists, engineers and public health professionals to identify threats to its water supply, to act on emerging regulations and new health advisories, and to evaluate the benefits of alternative or advanced treatment technologies. The Company utilizes water quality testing equipment and implements new and emerging technologies to help detect potential water supply contamination issues. Examples of the Company s efforts include: characterizing factors that contribute to the formation of potentially carcinogenic disinfection by-products to define best practices for their mitigation; advancing the science on holistic management strategies to improve distribution system water quality further; using its research findings to communicate information to its customers regarding potential actions to limit occurrences of Legionella in their buildings; in this regard, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention statistics indicate that water-associated disease from Legionella is on the rise, with exposure typically associated with customer-owned plumbing systems in large buildings; defining a framework to support management or possible future regulation of opportunistic pathogens; developing expanded monitoring methods for short-chain and fluorinated replacement PFAS; systematically investigating PFAS removal from a variety of water matrices using established and emerging treatment technologies; leading a PFAS risk communication strategy for the water sector and sharing utility perspectives with external stakeholders through regional, national and international conferences; using innovative technologies (e.g., satellite imagery) for early detection and response to algal blooms to manage public health impacts and prevent taste and odor events before cyanotoxins get into the water treatment plant; monitoring of taste and odor issues that impact customer satisfaction using expanded analytical methods to detect compounds, and evaluating and recommending treatment practices; 16 Table of Contents implementing water source assessment tools, including sensors and data analytics, to evaluate and track chemical storage and aid in the identification of source water contamination events; developing methodology and advanced measurement techniques for contaminants of emerging concern to investigate transport, occurrence and treatment; and implementing activated carbon, biofiltration and ion exchange treatment to seek to control contaminants of emerging concern. Service Company American Water Works Service Company, Inc. ( Service Company ) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company that provides support and operational services to the Company and its affiliates. These services are predominantly provided to the Company s Regulated Businesses under contracts that have been approved by PUCs, where necessary, and are also provided to MSG as requested or as otherwise needed. Services provided by Service Company may include accounting and finance, administration, business development, communications, compliance, education and training, engineering, environmental, health and safety, human resources, information systems, internal audit, investor relations, legal and governance, operations, procurement, R D, rates and regulatory support, physical security, cybersecurity, risk management and insurance, treasury, and water quality. For additional information concerning the Company s cybersecurity program, see Item 1C Cybersecurity. Service Company also provides customer support to the Company s Regulated Businesses, which includes call handling, billing, a major accounts program and other related services. Services are provided by Service Company at cost, enabling the Company s operating subsidiaries to fulfill their responsibilities in a cost-effective manner, while providing them access to in-depth, functional expertise. Sustainability The Company considers sustainability principles, such as environmental leadership and corporate governance, fundamental to its corporate strategy and values. The Company has developed a cross-functional approach that supports and drives its sustainability strategy, principles and reporting. The Company focuses its sustainability efforts in three primary areas: financial, operational and cultural: The Company seeks to achieve financial sustainability through its disciplined approach to capital investment and regulatory execution, which supports efforts to grow its business and drive shareholder value while addressing water and wastewater challenges in the United States. The Company s capital investment program is financed with cash flows from operating activities and through a combination of debt and equity capital issuances structured to maintain a healthy balance sheet over the long-term. The Company s approach to balance sheet management is centered on maintaining investment-grade metrics, substantial liquidity provided by highly-rated financial institutions and interest rate management on new debt issuances through its hedging program. Operational sustainability means focusing on operating performance and the day-to-day management of water and wastewater systems that provide safe, clean, reliable and affordable service. The Company focuses on the quality of execution and the need to operate its systems safely, efficiently and in compliance with all environmental requirements, for the benefit of its customers. The Company believes this approach to operational sustainability is aligned with the values of its regulators and policymakers. Cultural sustainability is reflected in the Company s commitment to support a high performing workforce, while seeking to attract and retain employees who share its purpose and values and understand the needs of the communities in which it serves. The Company demonstrates this commitment to its employees through its values. The Company also believes that investing time, energy and resources in its workforce helps to generate new ideas, continuously improve operations and provide high quality, reliable service for its customers and communities. Demonstrated Leadership The Company s values and actions support recognition for demonstrating leadership in areas related to trust, responsibility and sustainability, as well as for positive contributions to its employees and to the communities and customers the Company serves. Among others, these recognitions include the following: ranked on Newsweek s Worlds s Most Trustworthy Companies 2025 list; recognized on Newsweek s America s Most Responsible Companies 2025 and 2026 lists; and named on Forbes America s Best Employers for Company Culture 2025. 17 Table of Contents Oversight Management Oversight The Company has adopted a cross-functional approach for developing and implementing its sustainability strategy, principles and reporting that involves the direct involvement and participation by a number of its business units, including without limitation, its executive leadership team, as well as environmental, health and safety, human resources, legal, finance, accounting and investor relations. In addition, the Company has developed a steering committee that reports to the Chief Operating Officer and is led by the Director of Sustainability. The committee is designed to foster sustainability governance, strategic planning, performance management and increased visibility of key goals and metrics disclosed through various channels. Board of Directors Oversight The Board of Directors oversees the Company s strategy and performance related to sustainability through its four standing committees: The Safety, Environmental, Technology and Operations Committee (the SETO Committee ) has oversight with respect to, among other things: water quality and emerging contaminants; operational matters and functions; environmental and climate-related matters; and physical security and cybersecurity . The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee has oversight and/or responsibility with respect to, among other things: the Company s risk assessment and enterprise risk management; the Company s financial statements and accounting; the Company s independent auditor; internal audit and controls; management of financial risk exposures and related financial activities, including, for example, the Company s capital structure and capital expenditures, financial condition and financing requirements, dividend payment policy, and pension and benefit plan investment performance; and ethics and compliance matters . The Executive Development and Compensation Committee ( ED CC ) oversees, among other things: the Company s human capital management; culture and related engagement with employees; and executive development, succession and compensation. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee (the Nominating Committee ) has oversight and/or responsibility with respect to, among other things: corporate governance; establishment, composition and leadership of the committees of the Board of Directors; director nominations, succession and independence; the Company s political contribution policy and related political contribution and lobbying disclosures, and director education and evaluations. Reporting, Disclosures and Transparency Information on the performance and management of the Company s key sustainability metrics can be found on the Company s Investor Relations website at https://ir.amwater.com/sustainability . The Company also discloses on its website its Political Contribution Policy, and, on an annual basis, information related to political contributions, certain payments to tax-exempt organizations and trade associations (including Section 501(c)(4) organizations), and lobbying expenditures, all of which are reviewed annually and recommended by the Nominating Committee for approval by the Board of Directors. Human Capital Resources Overview American Water is committed to supporting a high performing workforce. The Company seeks to attract and retain employees who share its purpose and values and understand the needs of the communities they serve. The Company demonstrates this commitment to its employees through its values of safety first; trust, dignity and respect; one team; environmental leadership; and high performance. American Water believes that investing time, energy and resources in its workforce generates new ideas, continuous improvement and high-quality and reliable service for its customers and communities. Safety First Safety is a core value at American Water and a critical component of its operational focus. The Company s goal is to achieve zero incidents, injuries and fatalities for its employees and contractors. 18 Table of Contents American Water believes all employees and contractors deserve to return home from work in the same, or better, condition than when they arrived. The Company s commitment to employee health and safety includes physical safety, emotional safety and overall well-being. To support its commitment to safety, the Company s employees completed approximately 188,000 hours of safety training, including physical security and cybersecurity, in 2025. Additionally, the Company focuses on proactive safety programs through collaboration with employees at all levels of the organization. Employees are empowered to demonstrate safety leadership by utilizing a number of safety procedures embedded in the Company s culture, such as the use of (i) daily and pre-meeting safety messages, (ii) Stop Work Authority (the power to stop working immediately and mitigate a hazard whenever an employee believes a situation is unsafe) and (iii) pre-job briefings to proactively identify hazards that may be encountered. Notwithstanding the Company s commitment to a hazard free workplace, even when employees implement all appropriate and effective safety measures and precautions, accidents, injuries and even fatalities can and do occur. In January 2025, an employee of the Company was fatally injured after being struck by a train. Following the Company s thorough review of the incident, the ED CC, SETO Committee and the Board of Directors determined the incident to be non-preventable. The Company s review concluded that applicable safety protocols were in place and functioning as intended at the time of the incident. For 2025, the Company had an Occupational Safety and Health Administration Recordable Incident Rate ( ORIR ) of 0.36 (not including the non-preventable fatality). For 2025, the Company had a Days Away Restricted or Transferred ( DART ) rate of 0.19, compared to the Company s 2025 target DART rate of 0.39. For 2025, to reinforce its focus on the reduction and prevention of serious injuries and incidents, the Company began to track its serious injuries or incidents using the Serious Injury Incidence Rate ( SIIR ), which measures the number of such incidents per 100 employees. The target SIIR for 2025 was 0.04 and the Company recorded no such incidents for 2025. Talent Attraction, Retention and Development The Company s talent and retention strategy is aimed at building and maintaining a high performing and engaged workforce across all levels of the business. The Company s performance depends on a highly skilled workforce with the requisite experience in areas including engineering, regulatory, water quality, finance and operations, in order to deliver safe, clean, reliable and affordable water and wastewater services to customers. The Company leverages various recruiting channels and partnerships as well as its employer brand to access a broad pool of talent and to hire what the Company believes are the most qualified candidates. In 2025, the Company filled approximately 1,439 positions, 66% of which with external candidates and 34% with internal candidates. The Company has created and implemented programs aimed at developing and retaining talent. The Company collaborates with business leaders to identify the essential behaviors and competencies needed for safe and high-performing operations, as well as to achieve its short and long-term business goals. Through the Company s workforce planning process, the Company evaluates key positions across the organization, identifies potential talent risks, and develops action plans to mitigate those risks. Additionally, the Company has created and implemented programs aimed at attracting, motivating, developing and retaining talent. These programs promote a culture of learning where employees are encouraged to continuously enhance their skills and knowledge through on-the-job experiences, social learning and formal learning opportunities. Developing talent to provide a pathway to executive leadership is a critical priority for the Company. Employee succession plans support the Company s business continuity plans and goals, through the identification and development of current and future leaders, and promote employee retention, as well as the Company s employee culture and talent development priorities. In addition to succession planning for executive and senior leadership roles, during 2025, the Company conducted local and enterprise-wide talent reviews, identifying top and emerging talent with a focus on strengths, gaps and development needs against the critical skills needed for certain roles. Through these talent review processes, business leaders identified a pool of high-potential employees to allow the Company to support their career goals and aspirations, and to promote more effective employee experience and talent retention efforts. The Company also utilizes annual six-month mentoring programs designed to accelerate emerging leaders abilities to demonstrate leadership capabilities and relationships, with the guidance of an experienced executive mentor. Total Rewards In order to attract, retain and motivate a skilled and high-performing workforce, American Water provides a comprehensive and highly competitive Total Rewards program, including base pay, Annual Performance Plan ( APP ) for all employees, Long-Term Performance Plan compensation for certain strategic positions, and a wide range of benefits consisting of, among others, medical, prescription, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage, a retirement savings plan, an employee stock purchase plan, educational assistance, paid time off through holidays and vacation and sick time. The Company s Total Rewards offerings also include a health and wellness program, paid family leave, fertility and family building benefits and a menu of additional voluntary benefits. 19 Table of Contents All the Company s employees, including those who are union-represented, participate in the APP to promote the alignment of performance-based compensation with the achievement of the Company s short-term performance goals. In addition, the Company regularly reviews its success in achieving fair compensation practices, whereby pay decisions would be based on the responsibilities, talents and skills of its employees. All employees who average 30 hours or more per week are eligible for full-time benefits. Approximately 88% of all benefit eligible employees are enrolled in the Company s healthcare benefits. Full-time employees pay approximately 16% of the total premium cost of medical, dental and vision coverage. Trust, Dignity and Respect In 2025, the Company continued its focus on its Catalyst for Change framework in support of its values of trust, dignity and respect. The pillar areas of commitment, consistency, clarity, courage and conviction, allow employees to work collectively to build the desired culture. At all levels, the Company strives to understand, value and provide opportunities to each employee, and to foster an environment where all employees are celebrated regardless of their background or life experiences. To achieve the desired state, all leaders are expected to model behaviors consistent with the Catalyst for Change framework. The Company believes that employees are at their best when they can bring their authentic selves to work every day. This belief is the central component of the Company s Beautifully Different philosophy, which recognizes, embraces and celebrates the uniqueness 