=== AWK_2026-02-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We operate in a market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. In addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following material factors should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects. Any of the following risks, either alone or taken together, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Risk Factors Summary The following summary is intended to enhance the readability and accessibility of our risk factor disclosures. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors discussed below in their entirety for additional information. A number of the factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include: Risks Related to Our Industry and Business Operations • Our Regulated Businesses are subject to regulation by PUCs and other regulatory agencies, which affects our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and may be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions for an inability to meet these regulatory requirements. • Our operations and the water we supply are subject to environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations, including contaminants of emerging concern, compliance with which could impact our operating costs and capital expenditures, and violations of which could subject us to costs, damage to our reputation or regulatory action, and contamination events may lead to service limitations, reduced usage or litigation. • Limitations or restrictions on water supplies may adversely affect our access to sources of water, our ability to supply water to customers and, together with climate variability, severe weather, natural disasters and seasonality, may cause service disruptions, reduced demand or increased costs. • The current regulatory rate setting process may result in a significant delay, also known as “regulatory lag,” from the time that we invest in infrastructure improvements, incur increased operating expenses, incur increased cost of capital or experience declining water usage, to the time at which we can seek to address these events in general rate cases. Our inability to mitigate or minimize regulatory lag could adversely affect our business. • Changes in laws and regulations can significantly and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. • Regulatory and environmental risks associated with the collection, treatment and disposal of wastewater may impose significant costs and liabilities, and aging infrastructure may require increased capital and O&M spending. • Our Regulated Businesses require significant capital expenditures and may suffer if we fail to secure appropriate funding or experience increases in short- and long-term interest rates or delays in completing major capital expenditure projects. • Aging infrastructure may lead to service disruptions, property damage and increased capital expenditures and O&M expenses and other costs, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. • Contamination of water supplies or our water service provided to our customers could result in service limitations and interruptions and exposure to substances not typically found in potable water supplies, and could subject us and our subsidiaries to reductions in usage and other responsive obligations, government enforcement actions, damage to our reputation and private litigation. • We are subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or sanctions. • The failure of, or the requirement to repair, upgrade or dismantle, any of our dams may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. • Any failure of our network of water and wastewater pipes, water mains and water reservoirs could result in losses and damages that may affect our financial condition and reputation. • An important part of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems, which involves risks, including competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities and other buyers, which may hinder or limit our ability to grow our business. • We face technology, cybersecurity and data privacy risks, including failures, cyber attacks, unauthorized access and evolving privacy requirements, any of which may result in operational disruption, regulatory actions or reputational harm. 23 Table of Contents • An inability to successfully develop and implement new technologies poses substantial risks to our business and operational excellence strategies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. • Our inability to efficiently upgrade and improve our operational and technology systems, or implement new systems, could result in higher than expected costs or otherwise adversely impact our internal controls environment, operations and profitability. • Disruptions in our supply chain related to goods, such as pipe, chemicals, power and other fuel, equipment, water and other raw materials and services, could adversely impact our operations and our ability to serve our customers, as well as our financial results. Financial, Economic and Market-Related Risks • Our indebtedness could adversely affect our business and limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our business, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our liquidity needs. • Our inability to access the debt or equity capital or financial markets or other events could affect our ability to meet our long-term commitments or liquidity needs at reasonable cost, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. • Our forward sale agreements may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition, the share price of our common stock and our liquidity, and may potentially cause shareholder dilution. • The conditional exchange feature of the 3.625% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2026 (the “Exchangeable Notes”), if triggered, may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and may dilute the ownership interest of our shareholders or may otherwise depress the price of parent company’s common stock. • Parent company may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds. • We have a significant amount of goodwill and other assets measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, and we may be required to record impairments or changes in fair value to these assets, which may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to the Proposed Merger with Essential • The proposed merger is subject to various closing conditions, including the receipt of consents and approvals from various governmental and regulatory entities and third parties, and a failure to obtain all such consents or approvals or to satisfy such other closing conditions could prevent or delay the completion of the proposed merger or impose conditions that could have a material adverse effect on us or the combined company. • The proposed merger may cause suppliers, strategic partners, certain customers or others to delay or defer decisions regarding our business, and may adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business. • The Essential Merger Agreement contains provisions that limit our ability to pursue certain alternatives to the proposed merger, which could discourage a potential acquirer from making an alternative transaction proposal and, in certain circumstances, could require us to pay Essential a significant termination fee. • If completed, the proposed merger may not achieve its anticipated results, and we may be unable to integrate Essential’s operations and/or operate the combined company in the manner expected. • The proposed merger may not be accretive to our earnings and may adversely affect our earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. • If the proposed merger is completed, we may be required to record goodwill or we may acquire other assets measured and recorded at fair value, and, thereafter, we may be required to record impairments to the goodwill or changes to the fair value of the other assets, either of which may negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Additional Risks Related to Our Business • Parent company provides performance guarantees with respect to certain of the obligations of our Other businesses (primarily MSG), including financial guarantees or deposits, which may adversely affect parent company if the guarantees are successfully enforced. 24 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Industry and Business Operations Our Regulated Businesses are subject to extensive regulation by PUCs and other regulatory agencies, which significantly affects our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our Regulated Businesses also may be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions for an inability to meet these regulatory requirements. Our Regulated Businesses provide water and wastewater services to our customers through subsidiaries that are subject to regulation by PUCs. This regulation affects the rates we charge our customers and has a significant impact on our business and operations. Generally, PUCs authorize us to charge rates that they determine are sufficient to recover our prudently incurred operating expenses, including, but not limited to, operating and maintenance costs, depreciation, financing costs and taxes, and provide us with the opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on invested capital. Our ability to successfully implement our business plan and strategy depends on the rates authorized by the various PUCs. We periodically file rate increase applications with PUCs. The ensuing administrative process may be lengthy and costly. Our rate increase requests may or may not be approved, or may be partially approved, and any approval may not occur in a timely manner. Moreover, a PUC may not approve a rate request in an amount that is sufficient to: • recover our cost of operations, including: purchased water; chemicals; and fuel, power and other commodities used in our operations; • recover our operational labor and labor-related expenses, including without limitation costs and expenses associated with our pension and other post-employment benefits; • enable us to recover our investment; and • provide us with an opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investment. Approval by the PUCs is also required in connection with other aspects of our Regulated Businesses, which are required to have numerous permits, approvals and CPCNs from the PUCs that regulate their businesses and authorize acquisitions, dispositions, debt and/or equity financing, and, in certain cases, affiliated transactions. Some PUCs are empowered to impose financial penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance with applicable rules and regulations. Although we believe that each utility subsidiary has obtained or sought renewal of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its existing operations, we are unable to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on our business. In any of these cases, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be adversely affected. Even if the rates approved are sufficient, we face the risk that we will not achieve the rates of return on equity permitted by PUCs. This could occur if certain conditions exist, including, but not limited to, (i) water usage is less than the level anticipated in establishing rates, (ii) customers increase their conservation efforts, (iii) we experience unusual or emergent situations, events or conditions, (iv) we experience a significant increase in customers without recovery of the operating and other costs associated with serving them, or a decrease in customers that causes a decrease in operating revenue, or (v) our investments or expenses prove to be higher than the levels estimated in establishing rates. It may be difficult to predict the outcome or impact of these events on us or the actions that may be taken by the PUCs or other governmental authorities in response thereto. Our operations and the quality of water we supply and wastewater we treat are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations, including with respect to contaminants of emerging concern, compliance with which could impact both our operating costs and capital expenditures, and violations of which could subject us to substantial liabilities and costs, as well as damage to our reputation. Our water and wastewater operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. These requirements include, among others, CERCLA, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, the LCR (as amended), and each of their implementing rules and regulations, as well as other federal and state requirements. For example, PUCs and environmental regulators set conditions and standards for the water and wastewater services we deliver. We are also required to obtain various environmental permits from regulatory agencies for our operations. If the water or wastewater services we provide to our customers do not comply with regulatory standards, or otherwise violate environmental laws, regulations or permits, or other health and safety and water quality regulations, we could incur substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or costs, as well as damage to our reputation, as a result of governmental proceedings and private litigation. In the most serious cases, regulators could reduce requested rate increases or force us to discontinue operations and sell our operating assets to another utility or to a municipality. Given the nature of our business which, in part, involves providing water service for human consumption, any potential non-compliance with, or violation of, environmental, water quality and health and safety laws or regulations would likely pose a more significant risk to us than to a company not similarly involved in the water and wastewater industry. In addition, CERCLA authorizes the EPA to issue orders and bring enforcement actions to compel responsible parties to investigate and take remedial actions with respect to actual or threatened releases of hazardous substances, and can impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, on responsible parties for the costs thereof. In addition, in April 2024, the EPA issued a final rule designating PFOA and PFOS as hazardous substances under CERCLA. While the EPA has 25 Table of Contents stated that it will focus on holding responsible under CERCLA entities that significantly contributed to the release of PFAS into the environment, it is not yet known whether or to what extent liability protection will be afforded to passive receivers of PFAS, including water and wastewater utilities. In September 2025, the EPA reaffirmed this enforcement approach, explaining that, while it intends to focus CERCLA enforcement activities on entities that significantly contributed to PFAS releases and generally does not plan to pursue actions against passive receivers, its enforcement discretion does not alter CERCLA’s underlying liability framework or restrict private party claims, and therefore the extent to which we may be subject to future CERCLA liability for PFAS-related claims remains uncertain. Furthermore, both federal and state laws and regulations have been enacted or proposed that seek to reduce or limit GHG emissions and/or require or would require additional reporting, monitoring and disclosure of, among other things, GHG emissions and related financial risks, and these regulations may become more pervasive or stringent in light of changing governmental agendas and priorities, although the exact nature and timing of these changes is uncertain. We incur substantial operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations and their enforcement have become more stringent over time, and new or stricter requirements, such as the final EPA drinking water regulations for PFAS, the LCRR and the recently promulgated LCRI, are expected to increase our costs. For example, the designation of PFOA and PFOS as hazardous substances under CERCLA may impact our approach to how we dispose of material related to treatment at impacted systems and may increase our costs as a result. Although we may seek to recover ongoing compliance costs in our Regulated Businesses through customer rates, and certain jurisdictions in which our Regulated Businesses operate have passed laws authorizing recovery of such costs, there can be no guarantee that the various other regulatory PUCs or similar regulatory bodies that govern our Regulated Businesses would approve rate increases that would enable us to recover such costs in whole or in part or that such costs will not materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. We may also incur liabilities if, under environmental laws and regulations, we are required to investigate and clean up environmental contamination, including potential releases of certain hazardous chemicals, which are used in our treatment processes, or at off-site locations where we have disposed of residual waste or caused an adverse environmental impact. The discovery of previously unknown conditions, or the imposition of cleanup obligations in the future, including those obligations related to the disposal of PFAS residuals and other waste, could result in significant costs and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Such remediation costs may not be covered by insurance and may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future. Attention is being given to contaminants of emerging concern, including, without limitation, chemicals and other substances that currently do not have any regulatory standard in drinking water or wastewater or have been recently created or discovered (including by means of scientific achievements in the analysis and detection of trace amounts of substances). We rely upon governmental agencies to set appropriate regulatory standards to protect the public from these and other contaminants, and our role is to provide service that meets these standards, if any. In some of our states, PUCs may disapprove of cost recovery, in whole or in part, for implementation of treatment infrastructure for a contaminant in the absence of a regulatory standard. Furthermore, given the rapid pace at which these contaminants are being identified, created and/or discovered, we may not be able to detect and/or mitigate all such substances in our drinking water system or supplies, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. In addition, we believe these contaminants will continue to form the basis for additional or increased federal or state regulatory initiatives and requirements in the future, which could significantly increase the cost of our operations. Limitations on availability of water supplies or restrictions on our use of water supplies because of government regulation or action may adversely affect our access to sources of water, our ability to supply water to customers or the demand for our water services. Our ability to meet the existing and future demand of our customers depends on the availability of an adequate supply of water. As a general rule, sources of public water supply, including rivers, lakes, streams, groundwater aquifers and recycled water sources, are held in the public trust and are not generally owned by private interests. As a result, we typically do not own the source water that we use in our operations, and the availability of our water supply is established through allocation rights (determined by legislation or court decisions) and passing-flow requirements set by governmental entities or by entering into water purchase agreements. These requirements, which can change from time to time, and vary by state or region, may adversely impact our water supply. Supply issues, such as drought, overuse of sources of water, the protection of threatened species or habitats, contamination or other factors may limit the availability of ground and surface water. If we are unable to secure available or alternative sources of water, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. For example, in our Monterey County, California operations, we are seeking to augment our sources of water supply, principally to comply with the cease and desist orders issued by the SWRCB in July 1995 and October 2009 (the “1995 Order,” the “2009 Order” and, as amended in July 2016, the “2016 Order” and, collectively, the “Orders”) that require Cal Am to significantly decrease its diversions from the Carmel River. See Item 3—Legal Proceedings—Alternative Water Supply in Lieu of Carmel River Diversions, which includes additional information regarding this matter. While the Company cannot currently predict the likelihood or result of any adverse outcome associated with these matters, further attempts to comply with the Orders may result in material additional costs or obligations, including fines and penalties against Cal Am in the event of noncompliance with the Orders, which 26 Table of Contents could have a material adverse effect upon us and our business, results of operations and cash flows. Service disruptions caused by severe weather conditions, climate variability patterns or natural or other disasters may disrupt our operations or reduce the demand for our water and wastewater services, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Service interruptions due to severe weather, climate variability patterns and natural or other events are possible across all our businesses. These include, among other things, storms, ice or freezing conditions, high rainfall and wind conditions, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, landslides, drought, wildfires, coastal and intercoastal floods or high water conditions, including those in or near designated flood plains, pandemics and epidemics, electrical storms, sinkholes, solar flares and chemical spills or other contamination causing temporary unavailability of our source water supplies. Weather and other natural events such as these may affect the condition or operability of our facilities, limiting or preventing us from delivering water or wastewater services to our customers, or requiring us to make substantial capital expenditures to repair any damage. Utility tariffs in place or cost recovery proceedings with respect to our Regulated Businesses may not provide reimbursement to us, in whole or in part, for any of these impacts. Government restrictions on water use may also result in decreased use of water and wastewater services, even if our water supplies are sufficient to serve our customers, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Seasonal and other drought conditions that may impact our water services are possible across all of our service areas. Governmental restrictions imposed in response to a drought may apply to all systems within a region independent of the supply adequacy of any individual system. Responses may range from voluntary to mandatory water use restrictions, rationing restrictions, water conservation regulations, and requirements to minimize water system leaks. While expenses incurred in implementing water conservation and rationing plans may generally be recoverable provided the relevant PUC determines they were reasonable and prudent, we cannot be certain that any such expenses incurred will, in fact, be fully recovered. Moreover, reductions in water consumption, including those resulting from installation of equipment or changed consumer behavior, may persist even after a drought has ended and restrictions are lifted, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Climate variability may cause increased weather volatility and may impact water usage and related revenue or require additional expenditures, all of which may not be fully recoverable in rates or otherwise. The issue of climate variability is receiving attention nationally and worldwide. There is consensus among climate scientists that there will be worsening of weather volatility in the future associated with climate variability. Many climate variability predictions present several potential challenges to water and wastewater utilities, including us, such as: • increased frequency and duration of droughts; • increased precipitation and flooding; • increased frequency and severity of storms and other weather events; • challenges associated with changes in temperature or increases in ocean levels; • potential degradation of water quality; • decreases in available water supply and changes in water usage patterns; • increases in the number, length and severity of disruptions in service; • increased costs to repair damaged facilities; or • increased costs to reduce risks associated with the increasing frequency and severity of natural events, including to improve the resiliency and reliability of our water and wastewater treatment and conveyance facilities and systems. Because of the uncertainty of weather volatility related to climate variability, we cannot predict the potential impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Alth ough some or all potential expenditures and costs associated with the impact of climate variability and related laws and regulations on our Regulated Businesses could be recovered through rates, infrastructure replacement surcharges or other regulatory mechanisms, there can be no assurance that PUCs would authorize rate increases to enable us to recover such expenditures and costs, in whole or in part. 27 Table of Contents The current regulatory rate setting process may result in a significant delay, also known as “regulatory lag,” from the time that we invest in infrastructure improvements, incur increased operating expenses as a result of inflation or other factors, incur increased cost of capital, including as a result of increasing short- and long-term interest rates, or experience declining water usage, to the time at which we can seek to address these events in general rate cases; our inability to mitigate or minimize regulatory lag or the impacts thereof could adversely affect our business. There is typically a delay, known as “regulatory lag,” between the time our Regulated Businesses make a capital investment or incur an operating expense increase, including as a result of inflation or other factors, and the time when those costs are reflected in rates. In addition, billings permitted by PUCs typically are, to a considerable extent, based on the volume of water used in addition to a minimum base rate. Thus, we may experience regulatory lag between the time our revenues are affected by declining usage and the time we are able to adjust the rate per gallon of usage to address declining usage. Our inability to mitigate or reduce regulatory lag or the impacts thereof could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. We endeavor to mitigate or reduce regulatory lag by pursuing constructive regulatory practices and certain regulatory mechanisms. See Item 1—Business—Regulated Businesses—Regulation and Rate Making for a discussion of these practices and mechanisms. While these practices and mechanisms may serve to mitigate or reduce regulatory lag in certain of our regulated jurisdictions, we continue to seek approval of regulatory practices and mechanisms to mitigate or reduce regulatory lag in other jurisdictions that have not approved them. Furthermore, PUCs may fail to adopt new surcharges or those permitted by applicable law, and existing practices and mechanisms may not continue in their current form, or at all, and we may be unable or become ineligible to continue to utilize them in the future. Although we intend to continue to seek regulatory PUC approval of practices or mechanisms to mitigate or reduce regulatory lag, our efforts may not be successful in whole or in part, and even to the extent successful, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be materially and adversely affected by regulatory lag. Changes in laws and regulations can significantly and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. The impact of any future revisions or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to our Regulated Businesses is uncertain. Changes in laws or regulations, the imposition of additional laws and regulations, changes in enforcement practices of regulators, government policies or court decisions can materially affect our operat

=== AWK_2026-04-29.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information set forth in this report, readers should carefully consider the factors discussed in Item 1A—Risk Factors in the Form 10-K, and in the Company’s other filings with the SEC, which could materially affect the Company’s business, financial condition, cash flows or future results. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A—Risk Factors in the Form 10-K. 50 Table of Contents ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS In February 2015, the Board of Directors authorized an anti-dilutive stock repurchase program to mitigate the dilutive effect of shares issued through the Company’s dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan and employee stock purchase and executive compensation activities. The program allows the Company to purchase up to 10 million shares of its outstanding common stock over an unrestricted period of time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The program is conducted in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act, and, to facilitate these repurchases, the Company enters into Rule 10b5-1 stock repurchase plans with a third-party broker, which allow the Company to repurchase shares of its common stock at times when it otherwise might be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed trading blackout periods. Subject to applicable regulations, the Company may elect to amend or cancel the program or the stock repurchase parameters at its discretion to manage dilution. The Company did not repurchase shares of common stock during the three months ended March 31, 2026. From April 1, 2015, the date repurchases under the anti-dilutive stock repurchase program commenced, through March 31, 2026, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 4,860,000 shares of common stock under the program, leaving an aggregate of 5,140,000 shares available for repurchase under this program. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION During the three months ended March 31, 2026, none of the Company’s directors or “officers” (as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated (i) any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company’s securities, intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) promulgated under the Exchange Act or (ii) any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). ITEM 6. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1# Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2021, by and among American Water Enterprises, LLC, American Water (USA), LLC, American Water Resources, LLC, Pivotal Home Solutions, LLC, American Water Resources Holdings, LLC, American Water Works Company, Inc. and Lakehouse Buyer Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to American Water Works Company, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed October 29, 2021). 2.2# Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2025, between Nexus Regulated Utilities, LLC and American Water Works Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to American Water Works Company, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed May 19, 2025). 2.3# Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 26, 2025, by and among American Water Works Company, Inc., Alpha Merger Sub, Inc., and Essential Utilities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to American Water Works Company, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed October 27, 2025). 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of American Water Works Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to American Water Works Company, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-34028, filed November 6, 2008). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of American Water Works Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed December 8, 2022). 4.1 Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2009, between American Water Capital Corp. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to American Water Works Company, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed December 3, 2010). 4.2 Officers’ Certificate of American Water Capital Corp., dated April 1, 2026, establishing the 5.200% Senior Notes due 2036 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to American Water Works Company Inc. ’s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed April 1, 2026). 51 Table of Contents Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.1# Amendment No. 1 to Secured Seller Note Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2024, by and among Lakehouse Bidco Inc., Lakehouse Buyer Inc., American Water Resources, LLC, Pivotal Home Solutions, LLC, American Water Resources Holdings, LLC, American Water Resources of Texas, LLC, American Water Resources of Florida, LLC, and American Water Enterprises, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.2 to American Water Works Company, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-34028, filed February 5, 2024). 10.2 Amendment No. 2 to Secured Seller Note Agreement, dated as of December 3, 2024, by and among Lakehouse Bidco Inc., Lakehouse Buyer Inc., American Water Resources, LLC, Pivotal Home Solutions, LLC, American Water Resources Holdings, LLC, American Water Resources of Texas, LLC, American Water Resources of Florida, LLC, and American Water Enterprises, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20.3 to American Water Works Company, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 001-34028, filed February 19, 2025). *10.3 Form of American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 2026 Restricted Stock Unit Grant. *10.4 Form of American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 2026 Restricted Stock Unit Grant (for CEO, COO and CFO). *10.5 American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 2026 Performance Stock Unit Grant Form A-1. *10.6 American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 2026 Performance Stock Unit Grant Form A-2 (for CEO, COO and CFO). *10.7 American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 2026 Performance Stock Unit Grant Form B-1. *10.8 American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 2026 Performance Stock Unit Grant Form B-2 (for CEO, COO and CFO). *10.9 American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 2026 Performance Stock Unit Grant Form C-1. *10.10 American Water Works Company, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan 2026 Performance Stock Unit Grant Form C-2 (for CEO, COO and CFO). *22.1 Guaranteed Securities. *31.1 Certification of John C. Griffith, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. *31.2 Certification of David M. Bowler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. **32.1 Certification of John C. Griffith, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. **32.2 Certification of David M. Bowler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonom