=== TROW_2026-03-17.htm.gz ===
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e) (2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials: Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a6(i)(1) and 0-11 T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. A Premier Global Active Asset Manager Independent Investment Organization Focused solely on investment management and related services Financial Strength Ample liquidity and substantial cash reserves Alignment of Interests Substantial employee ownership aligns interests with stockholders Global Investment Platform Full range of equity, fixed income, multi-asset, and alternative solutions Stable Investment Leadership Global investment leaders average 17 years tenure at T. Rowe Price Our Multiyear Strategic Objectives Deliver investment excellence Innovate our investment capabilities to remain central to meeting client needs Globalize and grow client base Attract and develop excellent and diverse talent Deliver world-class client service Leverage data and technology to support innovation and operational excellence and drive scale 2025 Performance Investment Results As investors, we remained focused on our strategic investing approach and delivering alpha for clients through active management. Our investment performance was solid across most asset classes, with 56%, 46%, and 61% of our U.S. mutual funds (primary share class only) outperforming their comparable Morningstar median over the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods ended December 31, 2025, respectively. (2) Financial Results Our assets under management (AUM) was $1.78 trillion on December 31, 2025, with 8.8% of our AUM domiciled outside the U.S. Average AUM in 2025, was $1.68 trillion, which led to investment advisory revenues of over $6.6 billion. In 2025, we returned $1,768.0 million to stockholders, including $624.6 million through share repurchases. Past performance cannot guarantee future results. As of December 31, 2025. (1) Firmwide AUM includes assets managed by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., and its investment advisory affiliates. (2) Source: 2026 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Primary share class only. Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders VOTING ITEM BOARD VOTING RECOMMENDATION 1 Elect a Board of 13 directors 2 Approve, by a nonbinding advisory vote, the compensation paid by the Company to its Named Executive Officers 3 Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026 Stockholders who owned shares of our common stock as of February 20, 2026, are entitled to attend and vote at the Annual Meeting or any adjournments. By Order of the Board of Directors, David Oestreicher General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Baltimore, Maryland March 17, 2026 Date and Time Thursday, May 7, 2026, 8 a.m. eastern time Record Date February 20, 2026. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. Virtual Meeting This year s Annual Meeting will be held through virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TROW2026 Voting Methods Internet Telephone Mail YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT! Please vote via the internet or telephone (if such voting methods are available to you) by following the instructions on the accompanying proxy card promptly. Please see the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials; your proxy card; or the information your bank, broker, or other holder of record provided to you for more information on these options. T. ROWE PRICE GROUP, INC. 1307 POINT STREET BALTIMORE, MD 21231 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to Be Held on May 7, 2026 On or about March 17, 2026, we are mailing to our stockholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials directing stockholders to a website where they can access the proxy statement for our Annual Meeting and the 2025 Annual Report to Stockholders (Annual Report) and view instructions on how to vote their shares by internet or telephone. This proxy statement and our Annual Report may be viewed, downloaded, and printed, at no charge, by accessing the following internet address: materials.proxyvote.com/74144T. Stockholders who wish to attend the Annual Meeting must follow the instructions on page 86 under the section titled What must I do to participate in the Annual Meeting? . 2026 Proxy Statement 1 Introduction This proxy statement is being made available to you in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. (Price Group or the Company) Board of Directors (Board) for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Annual Meeting). The purpose of the Annual Meeting is to: Elect a Board of 13 directors; Approve, by a nonbinding advisory vote, the compensation paid by the Company to its Named Executive Officers; and Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2026. This proxy statement, the proxy card, and our 2025 Annual Report to Stockholders containing our consolidated financial statements and other financial information for the year ended December 31, 2025, form your Proxy Materials. We have adopted the Securities and Exchange Commission s (SEC) Notice and Access model of proxy notification, which allows us to furnish proxy materials online, with paper copies available upon request. We sent you a notice on how to obtain your Proxy Materials on March 17, 2026. 2 T. Rowe Price Group Voting Road Map Proposal 1 Election of Directors Director Nominee Demographics INDEPENDENCE 11 of the 13 director nominees are independent under the NASDAQ Global Select Market standards All directors serving on the Audit, Executive Compensation and Management Development, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees are independent A well-empowered lead independent director provides valuable independent leadership to our Board BackgrouNd Of our independent director nominees: TENURE Balanced mix of short- and long-tenured directors The tenure of our independent director nominees ranges from six months to 16 years, with an average tenure of approximately seven years QUALIFICATIONS, SKILLS, AND EXPERIENCE 100% Executive Leadership 92% Financial Management 54% Investment Management 85% International 69% Accounting and Financial Reporting 100% Strategy and Execution 77% Marketing and Distribution 54% Government and Regulatory 38% Technology BOARD ENGAGEMENT The Board held seven meetings in 2025 Each director attended at least 75% of the combined total number of meetings of the Board and Board committees of which he or she was a member The independent directors met in executive session at all seven of the Board meetings in 2025 All directors were at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders and were available to respond to questions from our stockholders Recommendation of the Board We recommend that you vote FOR all the director nominees under Proposal 1. Vote Required 2026 Proxy Statement 3 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote on the Compensation Paid to Our Named Executive Officers Our Named Executive Officers (NEOs) compensation is straightforward, goal oriented, long-term focused, transparent, and aligned with the interests of our stockholders. Our incentive compensation programs are designed to motivate and reward performance, as measured by several factors, including: the financial performance and financial stability of Price Group the relative investment performance of our investment products the performance of our NEOs against the corporate and individual goals established at the beginning of the year Our executive compensation programs are also designed to reward our NEOs for other important contributions to our success, including corporate integrity, service quality, customer loyalty, risk management, corporate reputation, and the quality of our team of professionals and collaboration within that team. Our long-term variable compensation creates a strong alignment of the financial interests of our NEOs directly to the long-term performance of our Company. CEO COMPENSATION OTHER NEOs COMPENSATION FORM OF COMPENSATION PERFORMANCE PERIOD PERFORMANCE ALIGNMENT SALARY Cash Ongoing Individual ANNUAL INCENTIVE Cash Annual Maximum bonus pool cannot exceed 5% of net operating income (adjusted) Actual NEO bonus amounts based on Company performance against financial and strategic goals, as well as individual performance LONG-TERM VARIABLE Performance Stock Units Three-year performance period then vest 50% per year over the two following years Company operating margin performance compared with peers Company stock price Restricted Stock Units Vest one-third per year over three years Company stock price Carried Interest Varies based on OHA Fund performance OHA Fund performance Recommendation of the Board We recommend that you vote FOR this proposal. Vote Required 4 T. Rowe Price Group Proposal 3 Ratification of the Appointment of KPMG LLP as Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 The Audit Committee and the Board believe that the continued retention of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm is in the best interest of Price Group and our stockholders. Recommendation of the Board We recommend that you vote FOR this proposal. Vote Required 2026 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 1 Introduction 2 Voting Road Map 3 Information About Our Board of Directors 7 Board Qualifications, Skills, and Experience 7 Nominee Biographies 9 Director Engagement 15 Committees of the Board 16 Board Policies and Procedures 19 Non-employee Director Independence Determinations 20 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 20 Corporate Governance 21 Report of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 21 Governance Highlights 21 Board Composition 21 Board Leadership 25 Engagement With Our Stockholders 27 Compensation of Directors 29 Risk Management Oversight 33 Cybersecurity Oversight 34 Sustainability 35 Human Capital 36 Executive Compensation 38 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 Report of the Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee 65 Executive Compensation Tables 66 Summary Compensation Table 66 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 67 Outstanding Equity Awards Table at December 31, 2025 68 2025 Options Exercises and Stock Vested Table 70 2025 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table 71 Potential Payments on Termination or Change in Control 71 Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio 72 Pay Versus Performance 73 Proposal 2 Advisory Vote on the Compensation Paid to Our Named Executive Officers 76 Audit Matters 77 Disclosure of Fees Charged by Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 77 Audit Committee Preapproval Policies 78 Report of the Audit Committee 79 Proposal 3 Ratification of the Appointment of KPMG LLP as Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 80 Stock Ownership and Related Transactions 81 Equity Compensation Plan Information 81 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 81 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 83 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 83 Questions and Answers About the Proxy Materials and the Annual Meeting 84 Stockholder Proposals for the 2027 Annual Meeting 90 6 T. Rowe Price Group Information About Our Board of Directors Board Qualifications, Skills, and Experience We believe that the nominees presented in this proxy statement constitute a Board with an appropriate level and diversity of experience, education, skills, and independence. We routinely assess and monitor the capabilities of our existing directors and whether additional independent directors should be added to the Board. In considering the need for additional independent directors, we review any expected director departures and retirements and factor succession planning for the Board into our deliberations, with particular focus on the specific skills and capabilities of departing directors. Reflecting this philosophy, in consideration of upcoming retirements, we added two new independent directors to the Board in October 2025. As part of its nomination discussions this year, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board chose to grant an exception for Mr. Bartlett from the director retirement age set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Board determined it was in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to maintain continuity on the Board and to retain Mr. Bartlett s continued service for another year. We are very pleased with our current complement of directors and the varied perspectives they bring to the Board. The following are highlights of the composition of our current director nominees, all of whom currently serve on the Board: 11 of 13 of the director nominees are independent under the NASDAQ Global Select Market standards Four director nominees are women, representing 36% of the independent director nominees Four director nominees are ethnically diverse, representing 36% of the independent director nominees Three director nominees were born outside the United States, representing 27% of the independent director nominees Three director nominees are veterans, representing 27% of the independent director nominees Four of the independent director nominees joined the Board within the last three years, representing 36% of the independent director nominees; the average independent director nominee tenure is seven years INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR NOMINEE COMPOSITION INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR NOMINEE TENURE DIRECTOR NOMINEE INDEPENDENCE 2026 Proxy Statement 7 The chart below summarizes the specific qualifications, attributes, and skills for each director nominee. A in the chart below indicates that the director has meaningfully useful expertise in that subject area. The lack of a does not mean the director does not possess knowledge or skill. Rather, a indicates a specific area of focus or expertise of a director on which the Board currently relies. Executive Leadership Financial Management Investment Management Industry International Business Experience Technology Strategy Formation/ Execution Marketing/ Distribution Government/ Regulatory Name Robert W. Sharps Glenn R. August Mark S. Bartlett William P. Donnelly Dina Dublon Allan C. Golston Robert F. MacLellan Eileen P. Rominger Cynthia F. Smith Robert J. Stevens Richard R. Verma Sandra S. Wijnberg Alan D. Wilson 8 T. Rowe Price Group Nominee Biographies Each of our director nominees provides significant individual attributes that are important to the overall makeup and functioning of our Board and described in the biographical summaries provided below: Glenn R. August, 64 Chief Executive Officer of OHA T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. Director since: 2021 Committee Memberships: Management Committee Mr. August has been a director of Price Group, a vice president, and an employee since 2021. He is the founder and chief executive officer of Oak Hill Advisors, L.P. (OHA), an alternative investment firm specializing in performing and distressed credit investments, which was acquired by, and operates as a stand-alone business within, T. Rowe Price. He heads OHA s global distressed investment business, chairs OHA s Investment Strategy Committee, and participates in several fund investment committees. Mr. August is a member of the Management Committee. He co-founded the predecessor investment firm to OHA in 1987 and took responsibility for OHA s credit and distressed investment activities in 1990. Prior to founding OHA and co-founding its predecessor investment firm in 1987, Mr. August worked at Morgan Stanley in New York and London. Mr. August earned a B.S. in industrial and labor relations from Cornell University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School, where he was a Baker Scholar. Mr. August has served on several corporate boards since 1987. From 2021 to 2024, Mr. August served on the board of directors of Lucid Group, Inc. From 2020 to 2024, he served as a member of the board of directors of Claritev (formerly MultiPlan, Inc.). His non-profit activities include serving on the boards of trustees of Horace Mann School, where he co-chairs the investment committee and serves on the executive committee, and The Mount Sinai Medical Center, where he serves on the finance, human capital management, and IT committees. He is also a member of the board of directors of Partnership for New York City. Mr. August brings to our Board deep expertise in alternative investments and valuable insight gained from his decades of building and leading the OHA platform. Mark S. Bartlett, 75 Retired Managing Partner Ernst Young Independent Director since: 2013 Committee Memberships: Audit (Chair) Executive Compensation and Management Development Mr. Bartlett has been an independent director of Price Group since 2013 and serves as chair of the Audit Committee and as a member on the Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee. He was a partner at Ernst Young, serving as managing partner of the firm s Baltimore office and senior client service partner for the mid-Atlantic region. Mr. Bartlett began his career at Ernst Young in 1972, serving until 2012, and has extensive experience in financial services, as well as other industries. Mr. Bartlett earned a B.S. in accounting from West Virginia University and attended the Executive Program at the Kellogg School of Business at Northwestern University. He also earned the designation of certified public accountant. Mr. Bartlett is a member of the board of directors, chair of the audit committee, and a member of the compensation committee of WillScot Mobile Mini Holdings Corp. He is also a member of the board of directors and a member of the audit committees of FTI Consulting, Inc., and Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corp., and also serves as Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corp. s lead independent director. Mr. Bartlett offers our Board additional perspective on mergers and acquisitions, significant accounting and financial reporting experience, as well as expertise in the accounting-related rules and regulations of the SEC from his experience as a partner of a multinational audit firm. He has extensive finance knowledge, with a broad range of experience in financing alternatives, including the sale of securities, debt offerings, and syndications. 2026 Proxy Statement 9 William P. Donnelly, 64 Retired Executive Vice President Mettler-Toledo International Inc. Independent Director since: 2023 Committee Memberships: Audit Executive Compensation and Management Development Mr. Donnelly has been an independent director of Price Group since 2023 and serves as a member on the Audit Committee and the Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee. Mr. Donnelly was the executive vice president responsible for finance, investor relations, supply chain, and information technology for Mettler-Toledo International Inc., a leading global manufacturer of precision instruments and services for use in laboratories and manufacturing, when he retired in 2018 after more than 20 years. From 1997 to 2002 and from 2004 to 2014, Mr. Donnelly served as Mettler-Toledo s chief financial officer. From 2002 to 2004, he served as division head of Mettler-Toledo s product inspection and certain lab businesses. From 1993 to 1997, Mr. Donnelly served in various senior financial roles, including chief financial officer, of Elsag Bailey Process Automation, NV, and prior to that was an auditor with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from 1983 to 1993. Mr. Donnelly earned a B.S. in business administration from John Carroll University. Mr. Donnelly is the chair of the board of directors of Quanterix Corporation, where he previously served as a member of the audit and compensation committees. He is the lead independent director and a member of the board of directors of Ingersoll Rand, Inc., where he also serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee and as a member of the audit committee. Mr. Donnelly brings to our Board substantial expertise with respect to corporate finance, operations, information technology, and mergers and acquisitions gained throughout his career as executive vice president and chief financial officer of a public company. Dina Dublon, 72 Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer JPMorgan Chase Co. Independent Director since: 2019 Committee Memberships: Audit Executive Compensation and Management Development Ms. Dublon has been an independent director of Price Group since 2019 and serves as a member on the Audit Committee and the Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee. She was the executive vice president and chief financial officer of JPMorgan Chase Co., a financial services company, from 1998 to 2004. Ms. Dublon previously held numerous positions at JPMorgan Chase Co. and its predecessor companies, including corporate treasurer, managing director of the financial institutions division, and head of asset liability management. Ms. Dublon earned a B.A. in economics and mathematics from Hebrew University of Jerusalem and an M.S. from Carnegie Mellon University. Ms. Dublon has been a member of the board of directors of PepsiCo, Inc., since 2005, where she serves as a member of the sustainability and public policy committee and the compensation committee. She previously served as chair of the audit committee. She also serves as a member of the independent audit quality committee of Ernst Young USA, since 2020, and is chair of the board of advisors of Columbia University s Mailman School of Public Health. She also serves on the boards of the Hastings Center and Westchester Land Trust. From 2021 to 2023, Ms. Dublon served as a director of Motive Capital Corp. II; from 2020 to 2022, as a director of Motive Capital Corp.; from 2002 to 2017, as a director of Accenture PLC; from 2013 to 2018, as a director of Deutsche Bank AG; from 2005 to 2014, as a director of Microsoft Corporation; and from 1999 to 2002, as a director of Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. She previously served on the faculty of Harvard Business School and on the boards of several nonprofit organizations, including the Women s Refugee Commission and Global Fund for Women. Ms. Dublon brings to our Board significant governance experience from serving on boards of global companies, accounting and financial reporting experience, as well as substantial expertise with respect to the financials sector, mergers and acquisitions, global markets, public policy, and corporate finance gained throughout her career in the financial services industry, particularly her role as executive vice president and chief financial officer of a major financial institution. 10 T. Rowe Price Group Allan C. Golston, 59 President, U.S. Program The Gates Foundation Independent Director since: 2025 Committee Memberships: Audit Executive Compensation and Management Development Mr. Golston has been an independent director of Price Group since 2025 and serves as a member on the Audit Committee and the Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee. He is the president of the United States Program at the Gates Foundation, a private foundation dedicated to advancing initiatives in education, global health and community development since 2006. Prior to this role, he served as interim executive director of the Global Health Program and as chief financial and administrative officer at the Gates Foundation from 2005 to 2006 and 2000 to 2006, respectively. He also held senior finance positions at Swedish Health Services and the University of Colorado Hospital and served as an auditor with KPMG from 1989 to 1991. Mr. Golston earned a B.S. in accounting from the University of Colorado and a M.S. in business administration from Seattle University. Mr. Golston is a member of the board of directors of Harley-Davidson and serves as a member of the audit and finance committee and as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. He also served on the board of directors of Stryker Corporation from January 2011 through May 2025. Mr. Golston brings to our Board significant governance experience from serving on boards of global companies, accounting and financial reporting experience, as well as substantial expertise with respect to the non-profit sector. Robert F. MacLellan, 71 Non-Executive Chairman Northleaf Capital Partners Independent Director since: 2010 Committee Memberships: Audit Executive Executive Compensation and Management Development (Chair) Mr. MacLellan has been an independent director of Price Group since 2010 and serves as chair of the Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee and as a member on the Audit Committee and Executive Committee. He is the non-executive chair of Northleaf Capital Partners, an independent global private markets fund manager and advisor, and the non-executive chair of Magna International, Inc., a global manufacturer of auto parts. Mr. MacLellan served as chief investment officer of TD Bank Financial Group (TDBFG) from 2003 to 2009, where he was responsible for overseeing the management of investments for its Employee Pension Fund, The Toronto-Dominion Bank, TD Mutual Funds, and TD Capital Group. Earlier in his career, he was managing director of Lancaster Financial Holdings, a merchant banking group acquired by TDBFG in March 1995. Prior to that, Mr. MacLellan was vice president and director at McLeod Young Weir Limited (Scotia McLeod) and a member of the corporate finance department responsible for many corporate underwritings and financial advisory assignments. Mr. MacLellan earned a B.Com. from Carleton University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. He also earned the designation of certified public accountant. Mr. MacLellan is the non-executive chair of the board of directors and a member of the technology committee of Magna International, Inc. From 2012 to 2018, he was the chair of the board of Yellow Media, Inc., a public company based in Montreal. Mr. MacLellan brings substantial experience and perspective to the Board with respect to the financial services industry, particularly his expertise in investment-related matters, including those relating to the mutual fund industry and the institutional management of investment funds, based on his tenure as chief investment officer of a major financial institution. He also brings an international perspective to the Board as well as significant accounting and financial reporting experience. 2026 Proxy Statement 11 Eileen P. Rominger, 71 Former Senior Advisor CamberView Partners, LLC Independent Director since: 2021 Committee Memberships: Executive Compensation and Management Development Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) Ms. Rominger has been an independent director of Price Group since 2021 and serves as chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and as a member on the Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee. She was a senior advisor to CamberView Partners, LLC, a provider of investor-led advice for management and boards of public companies on shareholder engagement and corporate governance, from 2013 to 2018. Ms. Rominger also was the director of the Division of Investment Management at the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from 2011 to 2012 and was the global chief investment officer from 2008 to 2011 and a partner from 2004 to 2011 at Goldman Sachs Asset Management. She began her career in 1981 at Oppenheimer Capital, where she worked for 18 years as a securities analyst and then as an equity portfolio manager, serving as a managing director and a member of the executive committee. Ms. Rominger earned a B.A. in English from Fairfield University and an M.B.A. in finance from the University of Pennsylvania, The Wharton School. Ms. Rominger served as a member of the board of directors of Swiss Re from 2018 to 2020 and served as a director on several of its subsidiaries until 2022. She previously served on the board of directors of Permal Asset Management, Inc., a private company, from 2012 to 2013. Ms. Rominger brings a broad range of valuable leadership and investment management experience to our Board. She also has extensive experience with complex issues relevant to the Company s business, including budget and fiscal responsibility, economic, regulatory policy, and women s issues. Robert W. Sharps, 54 Chair, Chief Executive Officer and President T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. Director since: 2021 Committee Memberships: Executive (Chair) Management (Chair) Management Compensation and Development (Chair) Mr. Sharps has been the Chair of the Board since May 2024 and a director of Price Group since 2021. He is the chief executive officer (CEO) and president of Price Group and is the chair of the Company s Executive, Management, and Management Compensation and Development Committees. Mr. Sharps has been with Price Group since 1997, beginning as an analyst specializing in financial services stocks, including banks, asset managers, and securities brokers, in the U.S. Equity Division. He was the lead portfolio manager of the Institutional Large-Cap Growth Equity Strategy from 2001 to 2016. In 2016, Mr. Sharps stepped down from portfolio management to assume an investment leadership position as co-head of Global Equity, at which time he joined the Management Committee. He was head of Investments and group chief investment officer from 2017 to 2021. In February 2021, Mr. Sharps became President of Price Group and then CEO in January 2022. Prior to Price Group, he completed an internship as an equity research analyst at Wellington Management. Mr. Sharps also was employed by KPMG Peat Marwick as a senior management consultant, where he focused on corporate transactions, before leaving to pursue his M.B.A. in 1995. Mr. Sharps earned a B.S., summa cum laude, in accounting from Towson University and an M.B.A. in finance from the University of Pennsylvania, The Wharton School. He also has earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. Mr. Sharps currently serves on the boards of directors of the Baltimore Curriculum Project and the Greater Washington Partnership and the board of trustees for Bridges of Baltimore. He previously served on the St. Paul s School board of trustees and was chair of the investment committee from July 2015 to June 2020. He also spent six years on Towson University s College of Business and Economics alumni advisory board. Mr. Sharps brings to our Board insight into the critical investment component of our business based on the leadership roles he has held in the Equity Division of Price Group and his over 25-year career with the Company. CFA and Chartered Financial Analyst are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. 12 T. Rowe Price Group Cynthia F. Smith, 57 Chair and Chief Executive Officer Chariot Re Independent Director since: 2023 Committee Memberships: Audit Executive Compensation and Management Development Ms. Smith has been an independent director of Price Group since 2023 and serves as a member on the Audit Committee and the Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee. Ms. Smith is the chair and chief executive officer of Chariot Reinsurance, Ltd. (Chariot Re), a Bermuda-based Class E life and annuity reinsurance company, since 2025. Prior to her appointment as chair and chief executive officer of Chariot Re, Ms. Smith led MetLife s group benefits regional business and served on the MetLife finance leadership team. Her other senior roles across businesses and functions during more than 30 years at MetLife include strategy, finance, sales, service, delivery, underwriting, technology, and large-scale business transformation. Ms. Smith earned a B.A. in accounting from Aurora University and an M.B.A. with a concentration in information technology from Benedictine University. She is a certified management accountant and a graduate of the executive management program at Smith College. Ms. Smith previously served as a member of the boards of directors for Versant Health, a wholly owned subsidiary of MetLife, and MetLife Legal Plans, Inc., which is also owned by MetLife. Ms. Smith brings to our Board a broad range of valuable financial management and investment management experience, along with a deep understanding of how investment products are distributed to clients. She also has extensive experience with complex issues relevant to the Company s business, including budget and fiscal responsibility, client experience, and women s issues. Robert J. Stevens, 74 Retired Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer Lockheed Martin Corporation Independent Director since: 2019 Committee Memberships: Executive Compensation and Management Development Nominating and Corporate Governance Mr. Stevens has been an independent director of Price Group since 2019 and serves as a member on the Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. He was the chairman, president, and chief executive officer of Lockheed Martin Corporation, an American aerospace, defense, arms, security, and advanced technologies company, from 2005 to 2012, and served as executive chairman in 2013. He also served as Lockheed Martin s chief executive officer from August 2004 through 2012. Previously, Mr. Stevens held a variety of executive positions with Lockheed Martin, including president and chief operating officer, chief financial officer, and head of strategic planning. Mr. Stevens earned a B.A. in psychology from Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania, an M.S. in industrial engineering and management from the New York University Tandon School of Engineering, and an M.S. in business from Columbia University. Mr. Stevens serves on the board of directors of U.S. Steel. He also serves on the advisory board of the Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. From 2002 to 2018, he was the lead independent director of Monsanto Corporation, where he also served as the chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee and a member of the audit committee. Mr. Stevens served as a director of United States Steel Corporation from 2015 to 2018, where he was on the corporate governance and public policy committee and the compensation and organization committee. Mr. Stevens brings to our Board significant executive management experience. He also adds additional perspective to our Board regarding financial matters, mergers and acquisitions, strategic leadership, and international operational experience based on his tenure as chief executive officer of a publicly traded, multinational corporation. 2026 Proxy Statement 13 Richard R. Verma, 57 Chief Administrative Officer Mastercard Incorporated Independent Director since: 2025 Committee Memberships: Executive Compensation and Management Development Nominating and Corporate Governance Mr. Verma has been an independent director of Price Group since 2025 and serves as a member on the Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Verma is the chief administrative officer for Mastercard Incorporated, an American multinational financial services corporation, overseeing the company s law, government affairs and policy, franchise, corporate security, and community and belonging functions since 2025. He is also a member of the company s executive leadership team and management committee. Previously, he served as the deputy secretary of state for management and resources and acted as chief operating officer of the United States Department of State from 2023 to 2025, the general counsel and head of global public policy at Mastercard from 2020 to 2023, the vice chairman and a partner at The Asia Group from 2017 to 2020, and as United States Ambassador to India from 2014 to 2017. Mr. Verma was assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs from 2009 to 2011 and was senior national security advisor to the U.S. Senate majority leader from 2004 to 2007. He also was a partner and senior counselor with Steptoe Johnson LLP, a global law firm, and is a U.S. Air Force veteran, who served as judge advocate during active duty. Mr. Verma holds a doctorate in international relations from Georgetown University; a law degree, cum laude, from American University; a masters of law with distinction in international law from Georgetown University Law Center; and a bachelor of science from Lehigh University. Mr. Verma is a board member of the Ford Foundation, and has previously served on the boards for Lehigh University and the National Endowment for Democracy. In addition Mr. Verma served on our Board from 2018 to 2023. Mr. Verma brings substantial experience and a global perspective to our Board with respect to public policy, business, foreign and legislative affairs, strategic leadership, and corporate social responsibility. Sandra S. Wijnberg, 69 Former Partner and Chief Administrative Officer Aquiline Holdings LLC Independent Director since: 2016 Committee Memberships: Audit Executive Compensation and Management Development Ms. Wijnberg has been an independent director of Price Group since 2016 and serves as a member on the Audit Committee and on the Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee. She was an executive advisor to Aquiline Holdings LLC, a registered investment advisory firm from 2015 to early 2019, where she previously served as a partner and chief administrative officer from 2007 to 2014. Previously, Ms. Wijnberg served as the senior vice president and chief financial officer of Marsh McLennan Companies, Inc., and was treasurer and interim chief financial officer of YUM! Brands, Inc. Prior to that, she held financial positions with PepsiCo, Inc., and worked in investment banking at Morgan Stanley. In addition, from 2014 through 2015, Ms. Wijnberg was deputy head of mission for the Office of the Quartet, a development project under the auspices of the United Nations. Ms. Wijnberg earned a B.A. in English literature from the University of California, Los Angeles, and an M.B.A. from the University of Southern California s Marshall School of Business. Ms. Wijnberg is a member of the board of directors, chair of the audit committee, and a member of the nominating and corporate governance committee of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. She is a member of the board of directors, chair of the audit committee, and a member of the finance and strategy committee of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp. She is chair of the board of directors and a member of the nominating and corporate governance and audit, risk, and compliance committees of Hippo Holdings, Inc. From 2003 to 2016, Ms. Wijnberg served on the board of directors of Tyco International, PLC, and from 2007 to 2009, she served on the board of directors of TE Connectivity, Ltd. She is a trustee of the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation. Ms. Wijnberg brings to our Board a global perspective along with substantial financials sector, corporate finance, and management experience based on her roles at Aquiline, Marsh McLennan, and YUM! Brands, Inc. 14 T. Rowe Price Group Alan D. Wilson, 68 Retired Executive Chairman McCormick Company, Inc. Lead Independent Director Independent Director since: 2015 Committee Memberships: Executive Executive Compensation and Management Development Nominating and Corporate Governance Mr. Wilson has been an independent director of Price Group since 2015 and serves as a member on the Executive Committee, the Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and is also the lead independent director of the Board. He was executive chair of McCormick Company, Inc., a global leader in flavor, seasonings, and spices, and held many executive management roles, including chairman, president, and chief executive officer from 2008 to 2016. Mr. Wilson earned a B.S. in communications from the University of Tennessee. He attended school on an R.O.T.C. scholarship and, following college, served as a U.S. Army captain, with tours in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Germany. Mr. Wilson is a member of the board of directors of Smurfit Westrock Company and serves on the compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees. He also serves as chair for the University of Tennessee s Foundation and serves on the investment advisory council. Mr. Wilson brings to our Board significant executive management experience, having led a publicly traded, multinational company. He also provides additional perspective regarding general management, strategic leadership, and financial matters. Director Engagement Meetings During 2025, the Board held seven meetings and approved two matters via unanimous written consent. Each director attended at least 75% of the combined total number of meetings of the Board and Board committees of which he or she was a member. Consistent with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the independent directors met in executive session at each of the Board s regular meetings in 2025. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that all directors are expected to attend the annual meeting of stockholders. All nominees for director submitted to the stockholders for approval at last year s annual meeting on May 8, 2025 (2025 Annual Meeting) attended that meeting, and we anticipate that all director nominees will attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Annual Meeting). Beyond the Boardroom Director Orientation and Continuing Education and Development During 2025, we appointed two new independent directors to the Board. When a new independent director joins the Board, we provide an orientation program for the purpose of providing the new director with an understanding of the operations and the financial condition of the Company, as well as the Board s expectations for its directors. Each director is expected to maintain the necessary knowledge and information to perform his or her responsibilities as a director. To assist the directors in understanding the Company and its industry and maintaining the level of expertise required to serve as a director, the Company will, from time to time, offer Company-sponsored continuing education programs or presentations, in addition to briefings during Board meetings related to the industry, the competitive environment, and the Company s goals and strategies. Furthermore, at most meetings the Board receives in-depth presentations on one or more topics related to key industry trends, relevant business operations, and corporate governance. 2026 Proxy Statement 15 The Board is a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors, which provides resources that help directors strengthen board leadership. Each director is encouraged to participate at least once every three years in continuing education programs for public company directors sponsored by nationally recognized educational organizations not affiliated with the Company. The cost of all such continuing education is paid for by the Company. Committees of the Board Our Board has an Audit Committee, an Executive Committee, an Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee (Compensation Committee), and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Board has also authorized a Management Committee that is made up entirely of senior officers of the Company. Committee Charters The Board has adopted a separate written charter for each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Current copies of each charter, our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and our Code of Ethics for Principal Executive and Senior Financial Officers (Code) can be found on our website, troweprice.com, by selecting Investor Relations and then Corporate Governance. Audit Committee Meetings in 2025: 7 The report of the committee appears on page 79. Chair Members Bartlett Donnelly Dublon Golston MacLellan Smith Wijnberg Qualifications and Financial Expert Determination The Board has determined that each of the Audit Committee members meet the independence and financial literacy criteria of the NASDAQ Global Select Market and the SEC. The Board also has concluded that the chair and all members of the Audit Committee meet the criteria of an audit committee financial expert as established by the SEC. Mr. Bartlett is a certified public accountant and was an audit partner at Ernst Young for 28 years until he left the firm in 2012. He serves as the chair of the audit committee of WillScot Mobile Mini Holdings Corp. and as a member of the audit committees of FTI Consulting, Inc., and Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corp. Mr. Donnelly was the executive vice president responsible for finance, investor relations, supply chain and information technology for Mettler-Toledo International, Inc. from 2014 to 2018 and previously served as its chief financial officer. He is a member of the audit committee of Ingersoll Rand, Inc., and was a member of the audit committee of Quanterix Corporation. Ms. Dublon was the executive vice president and chief financial officer of JPMorgan Chase Co., from 1998 to 2004. She served as member and chair of the audit committee of PepsiCo, Inc. and the chair of the audit committee of Motive Capital Corp. II. Mr. Golston served as chief financial and administrative officer for the Gates Foundation, held positions as a finance executive with Swedish Health Services and serves on the audit committee of Harley-Davidson, Inc. Previously, he chaired the audit committee of Stryker Corporation from 2014 to 2021. Mr. MacLellan is a chartered accountant; served as chair of the audit committee of Magna International, Inc.; and was a member of the audit committees of Ace Aviation Holdings, Inc. and Maple Leaf Sports Entertainment, Ltd. Ms. Smith has previously held a variety of roles in MetLife s finance organization, including chief financial officer of sales and service and the institutional financial planning officer. She earned a B.A. in accounting and is a certified management accountant. Ms. Wijnberg was the chief financial officer of Marsh McLennan Companies, Inc., from 2000 to 2006 and interim chief financial officer of YUM! Brands in 1999. She is currently the chair of the audit committees of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp.; a member of the audit, risk, and compliance committee of Hippo Holdings, Inc.; and she previously served as member and chair of the audit committees of Tyco International and TE Connectivity, respectively. 16 T. Rowe Price Group Responsibilities The primary purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to: The integrity of our financial statements and other financial information provided to our stockholders; The retention of our independent registered public accounting firm, including oversight of the terms of its engagement and its performance, qualifications, and independence; The performance of our internal audit function, internal controls, and disclosure controls; and Our risk management framework. The Audit Committee: Provides an avenue for communication among our internal auditors, financial management, chief risk officer, independent registered public accounting firm, and the Board; and Is responsible for maintaining procedures involving the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints or concerns regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, and auditing matters, including confidential, anonymous employee submissions. The independent registered public accounting firm reports directly to the Audit Committee and is ultimately accountable to this committee and the Board for the audit of our consolidated financial statements. The head of the Company s internal audit department reports directly to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee receives regular updates from our risk and technology departments concerning our information security program. Related Person Transaction Oversight The Audit Committee is responsible under its charter for reviewing related person transactions and any change in, or waiver from, our Code. Our Board has adopted a written Policy for the Review and Approval of Transactions with Related Persons. Any transaction that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K will not be initiated or materially modified until our Audit Committee has approved such transaction or modification and will not continue past its next contractual termination date unless it is annually reapproved by our Audit Committee. During its deliberations, the Audit Committee must consider all relevant details regarding the transaction, including, but not limited to, any role of our employees in arranging the transaction, the potential benefits to our Company, and whether the proposed transaction is competitively bid or otherwise is on terms comparable to those available to an unrelated third party or our employees generally. The Audit Committee approves only those transactions that it determines in good faith to be on terms that are fair to us and comparable to those that could be obtained in an arms-length negotiation with an unrelated third party. Please see the disclosure provided in the section titled Certain Relationships and Related Transactions beginning on page 83. Executive Compensation and Management Development Committee Meetings in 2025: 5 The report of the committee appears on page 65. Chair Members MacLellan Bartlett Donnelly Dublon Golston Rominger Smith Stevens Verma Wijnberg Wilson All of the non-employee independent directors of the Board serve on the Compensation Committee. The Board has determined that each of these members meets the independence criteria of the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 2026 Proxy Statement 17 Responsibilities The Compensation Committee is responsible to the Board, and ultimately to our stockholders, for: Determining the compensation of our CEO and president and other executive officers; Reviewing and approving general salary and compensation policies for the rest of our senior officers; Overseeing the administration of our Annual Incentive Compensation Plan (AICP), equity incentive plans, and our 1986 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP); Assisting management in designing new compensation policies and plans; Reviewing and providing guidance to management concerning succession plans and development actions for key leadership roles; Reviewing and assisting management concerning the Company s Human Capital disclosures in its public filings; Reviewing and discussing the Compensation Discussion and Analysis contained in this proxy statement and other compensation disclosures with management; and Overseeing the Management Compensation and Development Committee. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During fiscal year 2025, Messrs. MacLellan (Chair), Bartlett, Donnelly, Golston, Stevens, Verma, and Wilson and Mses. Dublon, Rominger, Smith, and Wijnberg served as members of the Compensation Committee. No member of the Compensation Committee was an officer or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries during 2025, and no member was formerly an officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or was a party to any disclosable related party transaction involving the Company. During 2025, none of the executive officers of the Company served on the board of directors or on the compensation committee of any other entity that has or had executive officers serving as a member of the Board or Compensation Committee of the Company. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Meetings in 2025: 5 The report of the committee appears on page 21. Chair Members Rominger Stevens Verma Wilson The Board has determined that all Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee members meet the independence criteria of the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Responsibilities The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee supervises and reviews the affairs of Price Group in relation to the Board, director nominees and compensation, committee composition, stockholder communications, and other corporate governance matters. Among the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s responsibilities are: Identifying, evaluating, and nominating director candidates; Considering the continued membership of each director, and recommending the appropriate skills and characteristics of potential directors; Developing director orientation and education opportunities; Reviewing and approving the compensation of independent directors; Recommending committee and chair assignments; Overseeing procedures regarding stockholder nominations and other communications to the Board; 18 T. Rowe Price Group Reviewing the effectiveness of the Board in the corporate governance process; Monitoring compliance with and recommending any changes to the Corporate Governance Guidelines and other governance policies; Monitoring and oversight of, in coordination with the Compensation Committee and the Board, succession planning for the CEO; Overseeing policies related to political expenditures and political activities; Overseeing all environmental, climate, governance and social issues applicable to the Company; and Reviewing the Company s actions related to its sustainability strategies, as well as trends in legislation, regulation, litigation and public debate, and considering potential impacts on stockholders, employees, and other stakeholders. Executive Committee Chair Members Sharps MacLellan Wilson Responsibilities The Executive Committee functions between meetings of the Board in the event that prompt action be called for that requires formal action by or on behalf of the Board in circumstances where it is impractical to call and hold a full meeting of the Board. The Executive Committee possesses the authority to exercise all the powers of the Board except as limited by Maryland law. If the Executive Committee acts on matters requiring formal Board action, those acts are reported to the Board at its next meeting for ratification. Board Policies and Procedures Code of Ethics Pursuant to rules promulgated under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Board has adopted the Code. The Code is intended to deter wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct; full, timely, and accurate financial reporting; compliance with laws; and accountability for adherence to the Code, including internal reporting of Code violations. A copy of the Code is available on our website. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code by making disclosures concerning such matters available on the Investor Relations page of our website, troweprice.com. We also have a Code of Ethics and Personal Transactions Policy and a Global Code of Conduct, both of which are applicable to all employees and directors of the Company. Our Code of Ethics and Personal Transactions Policy prohibits all employees and directors of the Company from (i) any short sales of our common stock, (ii) purchasing options on our common stock, (iii) entering into any contract or purchasing any instrument designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of our common stock, or (iv) transacting on the basis of material nonpublic information, as further described in Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies below. It is the Company s policy for all employees to participate annually in continuing education and training relating to the Code of Ethics and Personal Transactions Policy and the Global Code of Conduct. Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies We have adopted insider trading policies (Insider Trading Policies), which are contained in our Code of Ethics and Personal Transactions Policy, governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities, including by our 2026 Proxy Statement 19 directors, officers, and employees. We believe the Insider Trading Policies are reasonably designed to promote compliance with applicable insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, as well as NASDAQ Global Select Market listing standards. The foregoing description of our Insider Trading Policies is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Code of Ethics and Personal Transactions Policy, filed as Exhibit 19 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 13, 2026. Corporate Governance Guidelines The Board represents the interests of stockholders in fostering a business that is successful in all respects. The Board is responsible for determining that the Company is managed with this objective in mind and that management is executing its responsibilities. The Board s responsibility is to regularly monitor the effectiveness of management policies and decisions, including the execution of its strategies. In addition to fulfilling its obligations for representing the interests of stockholders, the Board has responsibility to the Company s employees, the mutual funds and investment portfolios that the Company manages, the Company s other customers and business constituents, and the communities where the Company operates. All are essential to a successful business. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines can be found on our website, troweprice.com. Non-employee Director Independence Determinations The Board has considered the independence of current directors and director nominees and has concluded that, excluding Messrs. Sharps and August, each such person qualifies as an independent director within the meaning of the applicable rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market. In making its determination of independence, the Board applied guidelines that it has adopted and concluded that the following relationships should not be considered material relationships that would impair a director s independence: relationships where a director or an immediate family member of a director purchases or acquires investment services, investment securities, or similar products and services from the Company or one of its sponsored mutual funds and trusts (Price funds) as long as the relationship is on terms consistent with those generally available to other persons doing business with the Company, its subsidiaries, or its sponsored investment products; and relationships where a corporation, partnership, or other entity with respect to which a director or an immediate family member of a director is an officer, director, employee, partner, or member purchases services from the Company, including investment management or defined contribution retirement plan services, on terms consistent with those generally available to other entities doing business with the Company or its subsidiaries. The Board believes that this policy sets an appropriate standard for dealing with ordinary course of business relationships that may arise from time to time. Proposal 1 Election of Directors In this proxy statement, 13 director nominees are presented pursuant to the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. All have been nominated by the Board to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are elected and qualify. Recommendation of the Board We recommend that you vote FOR all the director nominees under Proposal 1. Vote Required If any director nominee becomes unable or unwilling to serve between now and the Annual Meeting, proxies will be voted FOR the election of a replacement recommended by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and approved by the Board. 20 T. Rowe Price Group Corporate Governance Report of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has general oversight responsibility for governance of the Company, including the assessment and recruitment of new director candidates and the evaluation of individual directors, the Board, and committee performance. We monitor regulatory and other developments in the governance area with a view toward both legal compliance and maintaining governance procedures at the Company, consistent with what we consider to be best practices. In this regard, we routinely receive information relating to best governance practices for institutions similar to the Company, including input from members of the Company s proxy voting group concerning relevant trends. In addition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has oversight of the Company s environmental and corporate social responsibility activities and the Company s policies related to political expenditures and political activities. Governance Highlights Overview Our Board employs practices that foster effective Board oversight of critical matters such as strategy, management succession planning, financial and other controls, technology, risk management, and compliance. The Board reviews our major governance policies and processes regularly in the context of current corporate governance trends, regulatory changes, and recognized best practices. The Board is deeply involved in understanding and developing the culture at the Company. The Board recognizes that the Company s people are its most valuable asset, and as such, the Board at several of its meetings holds discussions with the Company s current and rising leaders. The Board considers succession planning not just for the CEO, but also for several other key management positions. Committee Oversight Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee maintains oversight of the Company s environmental and corporate social responsibility activities, including considering the impact of the Company s policies on employees, stockholders, and communities. During the year, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board received updates from management on the Company s sustainability efforts. Pursuant to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s oversight of political activities, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is informed of, and consulted on, any political developments impacting the Company. Additionally, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews the corporate memberships that the Company maintains with trade associations and requests that these groups not use the Company s dues for political campaign contributions or to confirm to the Company if they do. The Company does not contribute corporate funds to candidates, political party committees, political action committees, or any political organization exempt from federal income taxes. Further, the Company does not maintain a political action committee and does not spend corporate funds directly on independent expenditures. Board Composition Director Nomination Process Ongoing Assessment of Composition and Structure In considering the overall qualifications of our director nominees and their contributions to our Board, and in determining our need for additional directors, we seek to maintain a Board membership consisting of directors with a diverse set of 2026 Proxy Statement 21 experiences and attributes who will be meaningfully involved in our Board discussions and will facilitate a transparent and collaborative atmosphere and culture. Our directors generally develop a long-term relationship with the Company, which we believe facilitates a deeper knowledge of our business and its strategies, opportunities, risks, and challenges. At the same time, we periodically look for additions to our Board to enhance our capabilities and bring new perspectives and ideas to our Board. During 2025, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee identified a potential need for new candidates to join the Board, due in part to the impending retirement of Mr. Bartlett. Reflecting this philosophy, we added two new independent directors to the Board in October 2025. Commitment to Broad Skills, Expertise, and Perspective Our current Board comprises individuals with a substantial variety of skills and expertise, including with respect to executive management, financial institutions, government, accounting and finance, investment management, public company boards, and not-for-profit organizations. The Board historically has valued varying perspectives brought by individuals of differing backgrounds and experiences. Our Board is not just composed of individuals knowledgeable about our business, but is also reflective of our clients, the communities we serve, and our stakeholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes it is important to maintain a mix of experienced directors with a deep understanding of the Company and newer directors who bring a fresh perspective to the challenges of our industry. We consider diversity as a factor relevant to any particular nominee and to the overall composition of our Board. In considering diversity, we recognize a person s background and experience as well as other factors that we believe will inform the way they consider decisions brought before the Board. Selection of Director Candidates The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee supervises the nomination process for directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the performance, independence, diversity, and other characteristics of our incumbent directors, including their willingness to serve for an additional term and any change in their employment or other circumstances in considering their renomination each year. Following the Annual Meeting, the Board will have 13 directors, 11 of who will be independent. The tenure of our independent directors ranges from six months to 16 years, with an average tenure of approximately seven years. When a director is set to retire from our Board, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee focuses on identifying candidates with the skills and backgrounds to complement the Board, in addition to seeking candidates who would bring further capabilities and experience to our Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee engaged a consultant to find potential candidates to join the Board, due in part to the impending retirement of Mr. Bartlett, who has reached the mandatory retirement age set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. After reviewing possible director candidates, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee nominated, and our Board elected, Mr. Golston and Mr. Verma to the Board in October 2025. The Board selected Mr. Golston due in part to his significant financial reporting and operational experience developed throughout his career, particularly in his role as the president of the United States Program at the Gates Foundation. The Board selected Mr. Verma due in part to his substantial experience concerning foreign and legislative affairs developed throughout his career, particularly through his various roles with the U.S. State Department, in addition to his knowledge about the Company and its business through his prior service on the Board. The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines includes a policy that the Board may grant an exception to a director s mandatory retirement if the Board determines that it would be necessary or advisable for the director to continue to serve on the Board. In connection with the Annual Meeting, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee discussed the potential retirement of Mr. Bartlett, as he had reached the retirement age set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. During the discussion it was identified that the Company would benefit from Mr. Bartlett s continued service on the Board during the required rotation of our audit partner at KPMG, and to continue to take advantage of his institutional knowledge and experience. Following the discussions, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommended to the Board that an exception to the mandatory retirement age for Mr. Bartlett would be advisable, which was then subsequently approved by the Board in connection with the Annual Meeting. 22 T. Rowe Price Group Identification and Consideration of New Nominees In the event that a vacancy exists or we decide to increase the size of the Board, we identify, interview and examine, and make recommendations to the Board regarding appropriate candidates. We will consider Board nominees with diverse capabilities, and we generally look for nominees with capabilities in one or more of the following areas: investment and money management, general management and leadership, economics and economic policy, audit and accounting, finance and treasury functions, marketing, operations, technology and cybersecurity, human resources and personnel, risk management, strategic planning, governance, law, regulation and compliance, property management, and international and global experience relating to one or more of the foregoing areas. In evaluating potential candidates, we consider independence from management, background, experience, expertise, commitment, number of other public board and related committee seats held, and potential conflicts of interest, among other factors, and take into account the composition of the Board at the time of the assessment. All candidates for nomination must: demonstrate unimpeachable character and integrity, have sufficient time to carry out their duties, have experience at senior levels in areas of expertise helpful to the Company and consistent with the objective of having a diverse and well-rounded Board, and have the willingness and commitment to assume the responsibilities required of a director of the Company. In addition, candidates expected to serve on the Audit Committee must meet independence and financial literacy qualifications imposed by the NASDAQ Global Select Market and by the SEC and other applicable law. Candidates expected to serve on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee or the Compensation Committee must meet independence qualifications set out by the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Our evaluations of potential directors include, among other things, an assessment of a candidate s background and credentials, personal interviews, and discussions with appropriate references. Once we have selected a candidate, we present him or her to the full Board for election if a vacancy occurs or is created by an increase in the size of the Board during the course of the year or for nomination if the director is to be first elected by the Company s stockholders. All directors serve for a one-year term and must stand for reelection annually. Identification of Candidates The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee identifies, interviews and examines, and makes recommendations to the Board regarding appropriate candidates. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee identifies potential candidates principally through the following: Consideration of incumbent directors Suggestions from the Company s directors and senior management Third parties/national search organization Candidates recommended or suggested by stockholders Evaluation of Candidates The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s evaluations of potential directors include the following: An assessment of a candidate s background and credentials Personal interviews Discussions with appropriate references Election of Candidates Once the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has selected a candidate, the candidate is presented to the full Board for election if a vacancy occurs or is created by an increase in the size of the Board during the course of the year, or for nomination if the director is to be first elected by the Company s stockholders. 2026 Proxy Statement 23 Stockholder Recommendations and Nominations Recommendations A stockholder who wishes to recommend a candidate for the Board should send a letter to the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee at the Company s principal executive offices providing: (i) information relevant to the candidate s satisfaction of the criteria described above under Director Nomination Process and (ii) information that would be required for a director nomination under Section 1.11 of the By-Laws. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider and evaluate candidates recommended by stockholders in the same manner it considers candidates from other sources. Acceptance of a recommendation does not imply that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will recommend, and the Board will ultimately nominate, the recommended candidate. Proxy Access and Nominations We have adopted a proxy access right to permit a stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, owning 3% or more of the Company s outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years, to nominate and include in the Company s proxy materials, director nominees constituting up to two individuals or 20% of the Board (whichever is greater), provided that the stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in the By-Laws. Section 1.13 of the By-Laws sets out the procedures a stockholder must follow to use proxy access. Section 1.11 of the By-Laws sets out the procedures a stockholder must follow in order to nominate a candidate for Board membership outside of the proxy access process. For these requirements, please refer to the By-Laws as of February 9, 2021, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on February 11, 2021. Majority Voting We have adopted a majority voting standard for the election of our directors. Under our By-Laws, in an uncontested election, a nominee will not be elected unless he or she receives more FOR votes than AGAINST votes. Under Maryland law, any incumbent director not so elected would continue in office as a holdover director until removed or replaced. As a result, the By-Laws also provide that any director who fails to obtain the required vote in an uncontested election must submit his or her resignation to the Board. The Board must decide whether to accept or decline the resignation, or decline the resignation with conditions, taking into consideration the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s recommendation after consideration of all factors deemed relevant, within 90 days after the vote has been certified. Plurality voting will apply to contested elections. 24 T. Rowe Price Group Board Leadership Chair of the Board and Lead Independent Director Robert W. Sharps Chair of the Board Mr. Sharps became the chair of the Board following the 2024 Annual Meeting, in addition to his role as CEO and president. By serving in both positions, Mr. Sharps has been able to draw on his detailed knowledge of the Company to provide leadership to the Board in coordination with the lead independent director. We believe Mr. Sharps service as the chair provides our independent directors with increased exposure to senior management, as well as greater insight into the needs of the business. The combined role of chair and CEO reflects the Board s confidence in the leadership of Mr. Sharps and also ensures that the Company presents its strategy to clients, employees, and stockholders with a unified voice from the person most knowledgeable about, and responsible for, the implementation of the Company s strategy. In addition, having one person serve as both chair and CEO maintains clear accountability and responsibility for steering the direction of the Company. Alan D. Wilson Lead Independent Director Mr. Wilson was elected by our independent directors as lead independent director after the 2018 Annual Meeting. The lead independent director role was created in 2004 and has continually developed since that time. The lead independent director chairs Board meetings when the chair is not present, approves Board agendas and meeting schedules, and oversees Board materials distributed in advance of Board meetings. The lead independent director also calls meetings of the independent directors, chairs all executive sessions of the independent directors, and acts as a liaison between the independent directors and management. The lead independent director works with the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee when considering new director nominees and provides input on the design and makeup of the Board and its committees. In connection with our annual board and committee evaluation, the lead independent director conducts interviews with each director to solicit input and to ensure directors concerns are being addressed. The lead independent director is available to the Company s general counsel and corporate secretary to discuss and, as necessary, respond to stockholder communications to the Board. Finally, the lead independent director generally serves as the Board representative in various meetings with the Company s stockholders and other key stakeholders. Mr. Wilson s significant executive management experience, including having served as chair and chief executive officer of a publicly traded company, makes him especially qualified to serve as the lead independent director for the Board. 2026 Proxy Statement 25 Independent Leadership In May 2024, the Board appointed Mr. Sharps to serve as the chair of the Board, in addition to his role as our CEO and president. During our history, the Company has been served well by having the same person serve as both the chair and the CEO. The Board has determined that the election of a lead independent director, together with a combined chair and CEO, serves the best interests of the Company and its stockholders at this time. We historically have found that a strong lead independent director provides independent leadership to our Board. We believe that the combination of a combined chair and CEO and a well-empowered lead independent director provides significant independent leadership of our Board, while also furnishing a valuable bridge between the Board and the Company s business. The Company has an experienced and diverse independent Board, and a supermajority of the Board are independent under the NASDAQ Global Select Market standards. In addition, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are all composed entirely of independent directors, and our lead independent director, together with these committees, has significant and meaningful responsibilities designed to foster critical oversight and good governance practices. We believe that our governance structure is appropriate at this time and serves the interests of the Company and its stockholders well. The Board is confident that the duties and responsibilities allocated to its lead independent director, together with its other corporate governance practices and strong independent Board, provides appropriate and effective independent oversight of management. Committee Leadership and Rotation Mr. Bartlett and Mr. MacLellan have been the chairs of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee, respectively, since 2015, and Ms. Rominger has been the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee since 2024. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that periodic rotation of committee membership and chairpersons is generally beneficial to the Company and contributes to healthy and collaborative Board engagement. However, this rotation is not mandatory, and in some circumstances, continued service on a committee or as chair by persons with particular skills may be warranted. At least every five years, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee does a thorough review of all Board leadership positions to make recommendations to the Board about potential changes and to suggest skills that may be needed on the committees. 26 T. Rowe Price Group Board Evaluations At the end of 2025, we asked all directors to reply to an anonymous evaluation questionnaire regarding the performance of the Board and its committees during the year, which evaluation was conducted in consultation with the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the lead independent director. Feedback from these questionnaires was supplemented by interviews of each director by our lead independent director. The results of the evaluations and interviews were then discussed at a meeting of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and a full report was also provided to the Board. Consistent with past practice, we consider suggestions from the evaluation process for inclusion during the course of the upcoming year. We plan to continue to conduct evaluations and interviews each year and to periodically modify our procedures to ensure that we are responsive to suggestions from our directors and any future developments. Evaluation Questionnaire All Board members reply to an anonymous evaluation questionnaire. Director Interviews Lead Independent Director conducts interviews with each director. Discussion of Results Results of evaluations and interviews are discussed and a full report is provided to the Board. Implementation The Board implements suggestions and conclusions during the course of the upcoming year. Engagement with our Stockholders As investment professionals, we know the value of engaging with companies. We maintain an active and open dialogue with our stockholders through individual virtual and in-person meetings, engagements at conferences, and inviting them to our Annual Meeting. We proactively engage them on a range of topics, including corporate governance and our philosophy and practices relating to sustainability. We attempt to incorporate and address the feedback we receive from our stockholders into our practices, as follows: HOW WHAT Attendance at conferences Public management update at quarterly earnings calls Individual stockholder calls and meetings Annual Meeting of Stockholders Outreach, calls, and meetings with investors corporate governance departments Universal access to an email address for stockholders wishing to contact the Board Strategic and financial performance and goals Corporate and business strategy Board composition and leadership structure Corporate governance and industry trends, including sustainability considerations Regulatory considerations Respond to inquiries concerning a broad range of topics 2026 Proxy Statement 27 As part of our ongoing effort to interact and communicate with our stockholders and other key stakeholders, we held over 55 individual meetings with our investors to discuss the Company s performance and progress against our long-term strategy, as well as broader trends across the investment management industry. Participating in such meetings were representatives from our Investor Relations, Finance, Legal, and Corporate Sustainability departments, who provided a meaningful discussion about the Company s activities. We also participated at seven sell-side hosted financial services conferences, meeting with over 175 companies across the seven events. We continued our quarterly earnings calls with our CEO and president, our chief financial officer (CFO) and treasurer, and our head of Global Investments and chief investment officer (CIO), during which they provided investors an overview of the state of the Company and responded to questions. Approximately 175 external participants have attended these earnings calls each quarter. Additionally, in an effort to provide greater transparency around our efforts and progress related to our governance and sustainability initiatives, we published our 2024 Sustainability Report and held calls with several investors to further discuss these topics. We also engage regularly with the investment firms that cover our stock, conducting 85 calls or meetings during 2025 with these firms. We look forward to continuing to foster our relationships with stockholders and other key stakeholders. Stockholder Proposals From time to time, we receive proposals from our stockholders intended for inclusion in our proxy statement. We typically work with Company management in reviewing these proposals and determining an appropriate course of action in response, including, where necessary, a statement of our position for or in opposition to the proposal from the stockholder. Often, in response, the Board will ask management to engage with a stockholder on their proposal, which has led to meaningful dialogue and assisted the Board in understanding the concerns of our stockholders. Stockholder Communications with the Board Our directors are interested in hearing the opinions of our stockholders. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has established the following procedures in order to facilitate communications between our stockholders and our Board: Stockholders may send correspondence, which should indicate that the sender is a stockholder, to our Board or to any individual director by mail to T. Rowe Price Group, Inc., c/o general counsel, PO Box 17134, Baltimore, MD 21297 1134, or by email to contact_the_board@troweprice.com or by internet at investors.troweprice.com/investor-resources/contact-us. Our general counsel is responsible for the first review and logging of this correspondence. The general counsel will forward the communication to the director or directors to whom it is addressed unless it is a type of correspondence that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has identified as correspondence that may be retained in our files and not sent to directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has authorized the general counsel to retain and not send to directors the following types of communications: Advertising or promotional in nature (offering goods or services); Complaints by clients with respect to ordinary course of business customer service and satisfaction issues, provided, however, that the general counsel will notify the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of any complaints that, in the opinion of the general counsel, warrant immediate committee attention by their nature or frequency; or Those clearly unrelated to our business, industry, management, Board, or committee matters. These types of communications will be logged and filed but not circulated to directors. Except as described above, the general counsel will not screen communications sent to directors. The log of stockholder correspondence is available to members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for inspection. At least once each year, the general counsel will provide to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee a summary of the communications received from stockholders, including the communications not sent to directors in accordance with screening procedures approved by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. By the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. Eileen P. Rominger, Chair Robert J. Stevens Richard R. Verma Alan D. Wilson 28 T. Rowe Price Group Compensation of Directors The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for periodically reviewing non-employee director compensation and benefits and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the full Board. Our non-employee director compensation program is designed to accomplish a number of objectives: Align the interests of our non-employee directors with those of our stockholders, Provide competitive compensation for service to the Board by our non-employee directors, Maintain appropriate consistency with our approach to compensation for our executive officers and senior employees, and Attract and retain a diverse mix of capable and highly qualified directors. We provide both cash and equity compensation annually to our directors and believe that, over time, cash and equity compensation should reflect approximately 40% and 60%, respectively, of the total compensation paid to our directors. The cash compensation component is based primarily on an annual retainer coupled with additional retainers for the lead director role and committee and committee chair roles. The equity compensation component is in the form of full-value awards and the possibility of electing restricted stock units (RSUs), as further explained below. We believe our total compensation package and compensation structure is comparable to and in line with other major financial services companies. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews and considers competitive market practices. In 2025, the Board approved changes to the compensation program for our non-employee directors after reviewing current market practices and discussions with its compensation consultant. Fees and Other Compensation in 2025 During 2025, we changed our compensation program for non-employee directors to remove per-meeting fees and to increase the retainers for certain leadership positions. Our non-employee directors received the following in 2025: An annual retainer of $100,000 for all non-employee directors; A fee of $50,000 for the lead director, which was increased from $15,000; A fee of $35,000 for the chair of the Audit Committee, increased from $20,000, and a fee of $15,000 for each Audit Committee member, increased from $5,000 and replacing a $1,500 fee per committee meeting; A fee of $25,000 for the chair of the Compensation Committee, increased from $10,000, and a fee of $12,000 for each Compensation Committee member, replacing a $1,500 fee per committee meeting; A fee of $25,000 for the chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, increased from $10,000, and a fee of $10,000 for each Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee member, replacing a $1,500 fee per committee meeting; Directors and all U.S. employees of Price Group and its subsidiaries are eligible to have our sponsored T. Rowe Price Foundation match personal gifts up to an annual limit to qualified charitable organizations. For 2025, non-employee directors were eligible to have up to $10,000 matched; and The reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their travel to and from, and attendance at, each meeting of the Board and its committees and related activities, including director education courses and materials. The annual retainer and fees noted above are prorated for the period of time during the calendar year that each director held the position. Non-employee directors can elect to defer payment of their director fees until the next calendar year pursuant to the Outside Directors Deferred Compensation Plan or to defer payment of their director fees into vested RSUs pursuant to the 2017 Non-Employee Director Equity Plan, as amended (2017 Director Plan). The RSUs will be settled in shares of our common stock, or cash in the case of fractional shares, upon the director s separation from service. Any such election needs to be received prior to the beginning of the year they earn the cash compensation. Messrs. Donnelly, MacLellan, Stevens, and Wilson and Ms. Wijnberg elected to have their 2025 director fees deferred into vested RSUs. 2026 Proxy Statement 29 Equity-Based Compensation in 2025 Pursuant to the 2017 Director Plan, each newly elected Board member is awarded an initial grant in the form, at their election, of restricted shares (RSAs) or RSUs having a value on the date of grant of $300,000 that vest one year after the grant date. In each subsequent year, each non-employee director is awarded, at their election, RSAs or RSUs having a value on the date of grant of $200,000 on the first business day after the Annual Meeting. Each of the award types vest upon the earliest of one year after the grant date; the day before the Annual Meeting held in the calendar year after the year in which the grant is made; the non-employee director s death or date on which the director becomes totally and permanently disabled; or the date on which a change in control occurs, provided the director continues to be a member of the Board on the applicable date. RSAs entitle the holder to the rights of a stockholder, including voting, dividend, and distribution rights, but are nontransferable until they vest. Vested RSUs will be settled in shares of our common stock or cash, in the case of fractional shares, upon a non-employee director s separation from service. Non-employee directors holding RSUs are not entitled to voting, dividend, distribution, or other rights until the corresponding shares of our common stock are issued upon settlement; however, if and when we pay a cash dividend to our common stockholders, we will issue dividend equivalents in the form of additional RSUs. Under the 2017 Director Plan, dividends and dividend equivalents payable with respect to unvested restricted shares and unvested RSUs will be subject to the same vesting and risks of forfeiture as the restricted shares and RSUs to which they are attributable. The 2017 Director Plan includes a provision that accelerates the vesting of all outstanding awards in connection with a change in control of Price Group. Upon a change in control, any outstanding RSUs will be settled in cash or shares at the discretion of the Board. Ownership and Retention Guidelines Each non-employee director is required to hold shares of our common stock, within five years of their appointment to the Board, having a value equal to five times the applicable cash retainer at the time they joined. For purposes of the calculation, unvested RSAs and outstanding RSUs are counted, but unexercised stock options are not. Once this ownership goal is achieved, the number of shares required to be held becomes fixed and must be maintained until the end of the director s service on the Board. Until the ownership goal is achieved, the director is expected to retain net gain shares resulting from the exercise of stock options or vesting of RSAs or RSUs granted under the applicable director plan. Net gain shares are the shares remaining after payment of the stock option exercise price and taxes owed with respect to the exercise or vesting event. All of our directors have achieved and maintain the ownership goal as of the date of this proxy statement, other than Messrs. Golston and Verma, who joined the Board in October 2025 and have additional time to meet their ownership goals. In addition during 2025, the Board approved a change to the retention guidelines to provide that all non-employee directors are expected to retain all shares of the Company s common stock, or at least net gain shares, until they retire from the Board. 2025 Director Compensation 1 The following table sets forth information regarding the compensation earned by, or paid to, directors who served on our Board during 2025. As officers of Price Group, Mr. Sharps and Mr. August did not receive separate directors fees, so they have been omitted from this table. Mr. Sharps and Mr. August each appear in our Summary Compensation Table as NEOs. NAME FEES EARNED OR PAID IN CASH STOCK AWARDS 2,3 ALL OTHER COMPENSATION 4 TOTAL Mark S. Bartlett $ 146,210 $ 200,040 $ 7,500 $ 353,750 William P. Donnelly $ $ 372,127 $ 10,000 $ 382,127 Dina Dublon $ 128,100 $ 246,504 $ 10,000 $ 384,604 Allan C. Golston $ 27,836 $ 303,712 $ 8,750 $ 340,298 Robert F. MacLellan $ $ 403,033 $ 10,000 $ 413,033 Eileen P. Rominger $ 133,278 $ 200,040 $ $ 333,318 Cynthia F. Smith $ 128,100 $ 217,971 $ $ 346,071 Robert J. Stevens $ $ 422,400 $ $ 422,400 Richard R. Verma $ 26,740 $ 303,712 $ 10,000 $ 340,452 Sandra S. Wijnberg $ $ 379,779 $ 10,000 $ 389,779 Alan D. Wilson $ $ 537,184 $ $ 537,184 30 T. Rowe Price Group 1 Includes only those columns relating to compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to non-employee directors for their services in 2025. All other columns have been omitted. 2 The following table represents the equity awards granted in 2025 to certain of the non-employee directors named above. Represents the full grant date fair value of RSAs or RSUs granted in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The fair value was computed using the market price per share of Price Group common stock on the date of grant multiplied by the target number of units, as this was considered the probable outcome. In accordance with the 2017 Director Plan, each non-employee director was awarded a grant date value of $200,000. In addition, pursuant to our 2017 Director Plan, some directors elected to have their fees, which are typically paid semiannually, deferred into RSUs. The holders of RSUs also receive dividend equivalents in the form of additional vested RSUs on each of the Company s quarterly dividend payment dates. The award value or dividend equivalent value was converted to RSAs or RSUs, using the closing stock price of our common stock on the date of grant. Fractional shares were rounded up to the nearest whole share. DIRECTOR GRANT DATE NUMBER OF RESTRICTED SHARES NUMBER OF RSUs GRANT DATE FAIR VALUE OF STOCK AND OPTION AWARDS Mark S. Bartlett 5/9/2025 2,157 $ 200,040 William P. Donnelly 3/28/2025 90 $ 8,286 5/9/2025 2,157 $ 200,040 6/27/2025 116 $ 11,141 6/30/2025 670 $ 64,655 9/29/2025 117 $ 12,139 12/30/2025 119 $ 12,288 12/31/2025 621 $ 63,578 Dina Dublon 3/28/2025 124 $ 11,386 5/9/2025 2,157 $ 200,040 6/27/2025 120 $ 11,543 9/29/2025 113 $ 11,696 12/30/2025 114 $ 11,839 Allan C. Golston 10/28/2025 2,859 $ 300,081 12/30/2025 35 $ 3,631 Robert F. MacLellan 3/28/2025 168 $ 15,348 5/9/2025 2,157 $ 200,040 6/27/2025 162 $ 15,561 6/30/2025 710 $ 68,515 9/29/2025 161 $ 16,668 12/30/2025 163 $ 16,873 12/31/2025 684 $ 70,028 Eileen P. Rominger 5/9/2025 2,157 $ 200,040 Cynthia F. Smith 3/28/2025 26 $ 2,354 5/9/2025 2,157 $ 200,040 6/27/2025 53 $ 5,126 9/29/2025 50 $ 5,194 12/30/2025 51 $ 5,257 Robert J. Stevens 3/28/2025 247 $ 22,616 5/9/2025 2,157 $ 200,040 6/27/2025 267 $ 25,669 6/30/2025 613 $ 59,155 9/29/2025 259 $ 26,787 12/30/2025 262 $ 27,115 12/31/2025 596 $ 61,018 Richard R. Verma 10/28/2025 2,859 $ 300,081 12/30/2025 35 $ 3,631 2026 Proxy Statement 31 DIRECTOR GRANT DATE NUMBER OF RESTRICTED SHARES NUMBER OF RSUs GRANT DATE FAIR VALUE OF STOCK AND OPTION AWARDS Sandra S. Wijnberg 3/28/2025 153 $ 13,986 5/9/2025 2,157 $ 200,040 6/27/2025 148 $ 14,180 6/30/2025 613 $ 59,155 9/29/2025 146 $ 15,146 12/30/2025 148 $ 15,332 12/31/2025 605 $ 61,940 Alan D. Wilson 3/28/2025 453 $ 41,465 5/9/2025 2,157 $ 200,040 6/27/2025 466 $ 44,779 6/30/2025 742 $ 71,603 9/29/2025 447 $ 46,313 12/30/2025 452 $ 46,882 12/31/2025 841 $ 86,102 3 The following table represents the aggregate number of equity awards outstanding as of December 31, 2025. DIRECTOR UNVESTED STOCK AWARDS UNVESTED RSUs UNEXERCISED OPTION AWARDS TOTAL VESTED RSUs Mark S. Bartlett 2,157 2,157 William P. Donnelly 2,239 2,239 8,176 Dina Dublon 2,157 2,157 9,437 Allan C. Golston 2,894 2,894 Robert F. MacLellan 2,157 8,834 10,991 14,132 Eileen P. Rominger 2,157 2,157 Cynthia F. Smith 2,239 2,239 1,951 Robert J. Stevens 2,239 2,239 19,969 Richard R. Verma 2,894 2,894 0 Sandra S. Wijnberg 2,157 2,157 12,825 Alan D. Wilson 2,239 2,239 35,969 4 The amounts represent personal gifts matched by our sponsored T. Rowe Price Foundation to qualified charitable organizations. 32 T. Rowe Price Group Risk Management Oversight Overall The Board is responsible for overseeing our risk management framework but has delegated certain specific activities to the Audit Committee, the Nominating and Governance Committee, and the Compensation Committee. At each regular Board meeting, the committees report to the Board on the matters discussed at the committees meetings, including on the risk matters delegated to each committee. In addition, from a day-to-day perspective, the Board has entrusted the Management Committee to ensure that risks across the Company are identified, managed, and reported to the Board or its committees. Finally, the Board also considers our risk management framework during executive sessions of Board meetings without management present. During these executive sessions, the lead independent director presides and then reports to the chair and to management any suggestions or actions for the Company to take. Generally, the Board and its committees manage the risks for the Company with a long-term perspective but evaluate risks over a shorter or intermediate term to the extent these risks could impact the Company or its long-term prospects. From time to time, the Board and management engage with outside advisors, including outside legal counsel, consultants, financial analysts, and investment bankers, to ensure a thorough understanding of the risks to the Company and the industry at large and to consider options to position the Company to respond to these issues should they arise. Our senior management, including our chief financial officer and general counsel, periodically present to the Board on existing and emerging risks, and the Board discusses the same with management, to provide oversight to the risk management process. In addition, the Company has a chief risk officer and a head of global compliance, who each annually present to and meet with the Audit Committee. By having separate financial, legal, risk, and compliance departments that provide information directly to the Board through separate individuals, management believes that key risks are identified and evaluated in a more complete and unbiased manner, with separate accountable individuals to ensure comprehensive analysis and disclosure. Audit Committee The Audit Committee oversees and evaluates the Company s significant risks disclosed in the Company s financial statements, including: (i) information technology and cybersecurity risks; (ii) business continuity and disaster recovery risks; (iii) environmental, social, and governance risks; (iv) employee relations; and (v) legal and compliance risks. With respect to significant risks and exposures the Company faces, the Audit Committee receives information concerning the applicable risks and the steps taken to assess, monitor, and manage those risks from members of senior management, including the chief financial officer, general counsel, chief risk officer, head of internal audit, head of global compliance, and other officers responsible for financial reporting. Based on these reports and their discussions with senior management, the Audit Committee makes recommendations as necessary to the full Board with respect to managing our overall risk. Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company s compensation policies, plans, and practices and for ensuring that they are reasonably designed in coordination with the Company s risk oversight policies, to not create incentives for unnecessary or excessive risk taking. The Compensation Committee is further responsible for managing risks related to succession planning for management through its oversight of succession plans and development actions for key strategic leadership roles. The Compensation Committee has delegated responsibility for the functioning of the Company s compensation programs to the Company s Management Compensation and Development Committee, composed of senior members of management including our CEO and president, CFO and treasurer, and head of Global Investments and CIO. The Management Compensation and Development Committee designs, develops, and maintains the Company s compensation programs and regularly reviews whether these programs incentivize or encourage unnecessary risk taking and then advises the Compensation Committee on these matters. Based on this information, the Compensation Committee reports and makes recommendations as necessary to the full Board with respect to managing our overall risk. 2026 Proxy Statement 33 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees risks related to Board succession and other corporate governance policies and practices. In addition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees the Company s policies concerning political expenditures and political activities and considers any risk to the Company resulting therefrom. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is also responsible for overseeing the Company s risks related to sustainability and recommending specific actions to the Board related thereto. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reports and makes recommendations as necessary to the full Board with respect to managing our overall risk. Management Committee The Management Committee is led by the CEO and president and comprises the Company s senior leadership team. The Management Committee oversees the execution of the Company s strategy and monitors and addresses the Company s risks, including risks related to major change initiatives, financial management, and changing regulatory requirements. The Management Committee also guides, reviews, and approves business activities of the Company, while maintaining the Company s risk tolerance, as set by the Board. The Company s Enterprise Risk Management Committee, composed of senior members of management including our chief risk officer, oversees the Company s risk management strategy on behalf of the Management Committee. The Enterprise Risk Management Committee develops and maintains the Company s risk management policies and procedures and regularly monitors the significant risks inherent to the business, including operational risk, strategic risk, investment performance risk, legal and compliance risk, technology and cyber risk, environmental and social risk, human capital risk, and financial risk. Cybersecurity Oversight Technology is a key component of our business operations, and cybersecurity is a significant consideration for the Company. T. Rowe Price has a holistic company wide approach to risk management, including material risks from cybersecurity threats. The Company s overall risk management activities are designed to identify, assess, report, and manage risks that could affect the Company in achieving its objectives and goals. This risk management framework operates across our business lines and integrates business operational resiliency and technology-related risks, such as cybersecurity threats. Although management is responsible for the Company s day-to-day cybersecurity operations, the Board oversees the Company s cybersecurity program. The Board does not delegate this responsibility to a committee, nor does the Board identify a cybersecurity expert to consider the Company s activities and make recommendations or provide advice to the Board. Instead, many of our directors have significant technology experience gained through their prior work experience and through their positions on other boards of directors, all of which provides the Board with insight and practical guidance in overseeing the Company s technology and operations as well as our continuing investment in and development of our cybersecurity program. At each quarterly meeting, the Audit Committee receives an update concerning the Company s cybersecurity metrics. In addition, at least annually, the Board receives a technology and cybersecurity update from the Company s senior technology and information security leaders. The Board receives information concerning the Company s preparedness for a cyber incident in order to understand how it would respond to a specific cybersecurity threat, along with the impact to its operations. As part of this process, the Board engages in various activities to stay abreast of the cyber landscape, including briefings led by third-party and management experts and discussions related to publicized cyber events in our industry and other industries. Our global information security team, in collaboration with our risk and internal audit teams and independent third parties, assesses cyber risks and adjusts our program as needed and reports the results of the same to the Board. 34 T. Rowe Price Group Sustainability Pursuing Opportunities for Clients As an asset manager, we are a fiduciary first and foremost. We view climate change considerations through a fiduciary lens, with a focus on financial performance and risk management. The vast majority of our clients have given us a sole mandate to deliver financial performance in these investment products, governance and sustainability factors are considered where we believe they are relevant and financially material. Separately, some clients have goals that are not purely financial. As such, we offer differentiated investment products that promote environmental and/or social characteristics or target specific environmental and/or social objectives, such as the transition to net zero or positive environmental or societal impact. These are dual-mandate products, where the client has elected to pursue specific sustainability criteria alongside financial returns. Corporate Sustainability We publish a Sustainability Report that is reviewed and approved by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Additionally, our disclosures aligned to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures received limited assurance from an independent certified public accountant. We have set a target to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions (1) by 2050, with an interim target of reducing emissions by 50% by 2030 compared with our 2025 baseline. Our targets to decarbonize our operations were approved by our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in February 2026. Both of these operational targets align our facilities with the trajectory required to stay within a 1.5 C warming scenario. We will continue to address our emissions from business travel by investing in high-quality carbon credits and allowances, including sustainable aviation fuel credits and long-term carbon removal projects. Our headquarters in Baltimore, Maryland, achieved LEED Platinum certification. More than 60% of our real estate portfolio has now achieved environmental certification. (1) Scope 1 (direct emissions from owned or controlled sources), Scope 2 (indirect emissions from the generation of purchased electricity, steam, or cooling), Scope 3 (all other indirect emissions from an organization s value chain). 2026 Proxy Statement 35 Human Capital Our People Drive Our Success At T. Rowe Price, our people are our greatest asset. Our culture of collaboration and inclusion enables us to identify and challenge our best ideas to arrive at well-informed decisions for our clients. To attract and retain top talent, we invest in the associate experience by creating individual and firmwide training and development opportunities and providing competitive and regionally specific benefits and programs that promote our associates health and wellness. As of December 31, 2025, we employed 7,773 associates, a decrease of 4.7% from the 8,158 associates employed at the end of 2024. We also add temporary and part-time personnel to complement our staff from time to time to meet periodic and special project demands. Investing in Our People We empower our associates to achieve their goals and advance their careers by offering comprehensive, tailored learning opportunities that build essential skills and support our business priorities. Through various development opportunities including in-person, virtual, and online training, as well as a tuition reimbursement program we cultivate an environment where associates grow in ways that matter to them. We also foster leadership and strengthen our firm s culture through robust mentorship and leadership development programs, with participation in our mentorship programs growing steadily since their formal launch in 2022. Additionally, associates can access a range of leadership development opportunities, including speaker events and development programs facilitated by industry experts. The T. Rowe Price Leadership Academies further support our associates growth by building key capabilities aligned with our leadership framework Lead Outcomes, Lead Change, and Lead People and Culture ensuring we maximize potential; drive client value; and build an engaged, accountable workforce. Our commitment to helping associates reach their full potential enables us to achieve a high level of internal mobility, with approximately one-third of our open positions filled by current associates. Attracting and Retaining Talent Our talent acquisition team is continually strengthening our recruitment strategies to ensure we attract highly qualified candidates from diverse backgrounds and with a wide range of perspectives. We also engage and retain associates by offering opportunities for them to expand their experience and grow their skills, while fostering an environment that allows them to be and bring their best selves to work every day. Our talent strategy has garnered recognition, including being named among Fortune s World s Most Admired Companies, America s Greatest Companies by Newsweek , and USA Today s Top Places to Work in the U.S. We publish our Equal Employment Opportunity data on our website at troweprice.com/content/dam/trowecorp/Pdfs/eeo-fact-sheet.pdf. In addition, we publish our annual sustainability report, which includes transparency into our data, a copy of which can be found on our website at troweprice.com/corporate/us/en/what-we