=== [ES] centrica-2025-preliminary-results-presentation-and-qa-transcript.pdf ===
Centrica plc 2025 Preliminary results investor presentation and Q&A Transcript 19 February 2026 Chris O’Shea, Centrica Good morning, everybody. It’s brilliant to be here today. And as usual I’m joined on the stage by our CFO and the new YouTube sensation Russell O’Brien for those of you that watched his video no doubt. Our leadership team are here in the front row and our chairman here as well and a number of other Centrica people. SLIDE 4 – Laying foundations for the next five years So 2025 was a year of significant progress, building further on our journey to make Centrica a stronger, higher quality business. Building on the foundations that we’ve been laying for growth. We’re recycling capital from non-core assets. Investing in assets like Sizewell C, Grain LNG and the Meter Asset Provider. Assets that will both grow and stabilise our earnings profile. Eliminating downside risks. We’re adding long-term value and we’re building future optionality. 2025 showed our resilience and our further improved operational performance. But it also had its challenges. Conditions remained difficult for Centrica Energy throughout the year, as it did for many, many commodity traders. But I’m delighted with what the team delivered in 2025 but as always, I’m looking for more. Now it’s a mark of how far we’ve come that collectively we’re not satisfied with 200 million pounds of EBITDA from Optimisation. And collectively we’re not satisfied with more than 11 pence EPS in a difficult year. Because our expectations of what Centrica can deliver have fundamentally changed. Over the last five years we’ve invested 3 billion pounds, we’ve returned around the same amount to our shareholders, including increasing the dividend by 22% this year. Balanced capital allocation, reflecting our commitment to growing the business and to rewarding our owners, our shareholders. We’ve now bought back a quarter of the company since 2022, at an average price which is well below where we are today, it’s in the low 130’s. That’s real value delivered. Now we’ve decided to pause the buyback for now, as we see incredible value creation opportunities for our shareholders from investing the capital that we’ve got. Our pipeline is so much richer now than when we started buying back shares in 2022, and some of those opportunities could come through quite soon. But our financial framework hasn’t changed. And neither has our discipline. If the projects don’t stack up, we won’t invest. And surplus capital wil

=== [ES] centrica-plc-2025-interim-results-investor-presentation.pdf ===
Interim results for the period ended 30 June 2025 24 July 2025 This presentation does not constitute an invitation to underwrite, subscribe for, or otherwise acquire or dispose of any Centrica shares or other securities. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements, forecasts and projections that reflect the current intentions, beliefs or expectations of Centrica’s Management with respect to, the Group’s financial condition, goals and commitments, prospects, growth, strategies, results, operations and businesses of Centrica. These statements only take into account information that was available up to and including the date that this presentation was prepared and can be identified by the use of terms such as ‘intend’, ‘aim’, ‘project’, ‘anticipate’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘forecasts’, ‘may’, ‘could’, ‘should’, ‘will’, ‘continue’ and other similar expressions of future performance and results including any of their negative words. Although we make such statements based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, by their nature, readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees or predictions of the Group’s future performance and undue reliance should not be placed on them when making investment decisions. Any reliance placed on this presentation or past performance is not indicative of future results and is done entirely at the risk of the person placing such reliance. There can be no assurance that the Group’s actual future results, financial condition, performance, operations and businesses will not differ materially from those express or implied in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors that are beyond the control of the Group and therefore cannot be precisely predicted. Such factors include, but not limited to, those set out in this presentation and in the ‘Our Principal Risks and Uncertainties’ section of the Strategic Report in our most recently published Annual Report and Accounts. Other factors could also have an adverse effect on our business performance and results. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees or predictions of Centrica’s future performance and undue reliance should not be placed on them when making investment decisions. At any time subsequent to the publication of this presentation, neither Centrica nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness or undertakes any obligation, to 

=== [ES] centrica-plc-2025-interim-results-announcement.pdf ===
Centrica plc interim results For the six months ended 30 June 2025 Investor presentation Centrica will hold its 2025 Interim Results presentation for analysts and institutional investors at 9.30am (UK) on Thursday 24 July 2025. There will be a live webcast of the presentation and slides. Please register to view the webcast at: https://secure.emincote.com/client/centrica/results/2025-interim-results Enquiries Investors and Analysts ir@centrica.com Media media@centrica.com +44 (0)1784 843000 Unless otherwise stated, all references to the Company shall mean Centrica plc, and references to the Group shall mean Centrica plc and all of its subsidiary undertakings and equity-accounted associate/ joint venture undertakings. This announcement does not offer investment advice, and does contain forward-looking statements. The Disclaimer relating to the Interim results is included on page 82. Published 7am on 24 July 2025. Interim results STRATEGIC DELIVERY WITH FOCUS ON VALUE CREATION • Resilient performance in a challenging market. • Organic customer growth across all energy supply businesses; Services losses remain a focus. • £2.5bn of investment programme to 2028 now committed, including Sizewell C announcement. • Interim dividend increased by 22% to 1.83p, consistent with intention to increase full year dividend per share to 5.5p; £2bn share buyback programme ongoing. • £1.6bn EBITDA by end of 2028(i) underpinned; transformation programme supports further upside. “I'm pleased with the progress we've made in some areas during the first half despite a challenging backdrop, growing our customer numbers in energy supply and completing our system migration in British Gas Residential energy. But there is still much more to do across the Group, including improving our commercial performance in Services & Solutions. That's why we’re accelerating our efforts to make Centrica a leaner, more agile organisation, transforming the way we do business, allowing us to deliver on our full potential. Our investment in Sizewell C is a significant step forward. It is good for the UK, bringing investment and highly skilled new jobs to the country, good for the energy transition, bringing enough clean energy to power millions of homes, and good for Centrica, giving us predictable, regulated returns on our investment. We will continue to exercise the same patience and discipline that delivered the Sizewell C transaction as we continue with our capital deployment programme.” Chris O’Shea