=== [ES] centrica-2025-preliminary-results-presentation-and-qa-transcript.pdf ===
Centrica plc 2025 Preliminary results investor presentation and Q&A Transcript 19 February 2026 Chris O’Shea, Centrica Good morning, everybody. It’s brilliant to be here today. And as usual I’m joined on the stage by our CFO and the new YouTube sensation Russell O’Brien for those of you that watched his video no doubt. Our leadership team are here in the front row and our chairman here as well and a number of other Centrica people. SLIDE 4 – Laying foundations for the next five years So 2025 was a year of significant progress, building further on our journey to make Centrica a stronger, higher quality business. Building on the foundations that we’ve been laying for growth. We’re recycling capital from non-core assets. Investing in assets like Sizewell C, Grain LNG and the Meter Asset Provider. Assets that will both grow and stabilise our earnings profile. Eliminating downside risks. We’re adding long-term value and we’re building future optionality. 2025 showed our resilience and our further improved operational performance. But it also had its challenges. Conditions remained difficult for Centrica Energy throughout the year, as it did for many, many commodity traders. But I’m delighted with what the team delivered in 2025 but as always, I’m looking for more. Now it’s a mark of how far we’ve come that collectively we’re not satisfied with 200 million pounds of EBITDA from Optimisation. And collectively we’re not satisfied with more than 11 pence EPS in a difficult year. Because our expectations of what Centrica can deliver have fundamentally changed. Over the last five years we’ve invested 3 billion pounds, we’ve returned around the same amount to our shareholders, including increasing the dividend by 22% this year. Balanced capital allocation, reflecting our commitment to growing the business and to rewarding our owners, our shareholders. We’ve now bought back a quarter of the company since 2022, at an average price which is well below where we are today, it’s in the low 130’s. That’s real value delivered. Now we’ve decided to pause the buyback for now, as we see incredible value creation opportunities for our shareholders from investing the capital that we’ve got. Our pipeline is so much richer now than when we started buying back shares in 2022, and some of those opportunities could come through quite soon. But our financial framework hasn’t changed. And neither has our discipline. If the projects don’t stack up, we won’t invest. And surplus capital will always come back to shareholders. Always. We expect to invest at least another 700 million pounds this year, maybe more. Mainly in assets that fundamentally strengthen our portfolio. And we expect to continue investing at about the same rate right through to the end of this decade. 1 That’s what underpins our confidence in delivering the 1.7 billion pounds of EBITDA, or better, by the end of 2028. And it’s why we can tell you that we’ll continue to grow that beyond 2028, to 2.0 billion pounds by 2030. Now both these numbers include the impact of expected, but not yet confirmed, extensions to the four existing advanced gas cooled nuclear power stations into the early 2030’s. 2 billion pounds of EBITDA in 2030 would see our EPS more than double over the next five years. But I’m never satisfied, so rest assured my aim is to do even better than that. By focussing on value we’ve made Centrica a much stronger business than it was six years ago. We’re running the business as well as we possibly can. We’re investing in a disciplined way. And it’s the same approach that will deliver the next phase of our growth. SLIDE 5 – Transformation programme underway We spoke in July about how we saw opportunities to transform Centrica. And our transformation programme is going well. It’s a key part of delivering our full potential. We’ve made progress, anchored on three simple principles, all underpinned by technology. Number one, improving customer experience further. Number two, driving more commercial growth. And number three, continuing to delivering cost efficiencies. Now a lot of the benefit will be in the Retail business, but there’s huge potential across the entire group. Last year we delivered net benefits, net benefits, of about 100 million pounds. And unlike other companies, we’re not recording the transformation cost in exceptionals. If we had done that, 2025 EPS would have been two pence higher. So another company it would have been 13.2 not 11.2. The programme will ramp up this year, and we expect to take another half a billion pounds out of the cost base by the end of the decade, over and above what we’ve already done. Underpinning earnings growth and helping to create new opportunities. Now AI is a part of that, and it’s a huge opportunity for us. We’re working with world class partners to explore how we can further deploy technology, including AI, but not only AI, to transform our customer service and to reduce costs, and I’m going to lay out some specific examples of that later. So with that, with the opening, I’m going to pass you over now to Youtuber and CFO Russell O’Brien who’s going to take you through the numbers. Russell O’Brien, Centrica Okay thanks Chris, and good morning everybody. SLIDE 7 – Simplifying our reporting So over the past years we have reshaped the way we run Centrica with a focus on three business units – Retail, Optimisation and Infrastructure. We’ve taken this opportunity to simplify our reporting, aligning the segments to the way we now run the business. And we’ve also shifted to EBITDA as our main performance and guidance metric, which is a better measure for the business as we invest in the portfolio and grow. Now, I recognise there are a few moving pieces, so I’ve put a very funny video explainer on the website, as Chris is mentioning, and some other materials just so that no one is confused by the resegmentation and it unpacks everything in a little bit more detail. 2 The main change is splitting Bord Gáis and Centrica Business Solutions into their component parts. So Irish Retail, for example, is now reported alongside the same UK activities, Irish optimisation within Centrica Energy. And we’ve also moved our Irish power assets and our growing Meter Asset Provider to their natural home in Infrastructure. SLIDE 8 – Financial headlines So now to the numbers. I’d like to highlight three key points. First, we’ve reported solid numbers overall, in the context of external challenges, demonstrating the 

=== [ES] centrica-plc-2025-interim-results-investor-presentation.pdf ===
Interim results for the period ended 30 June 2025 24 July 2025 This presentation does not constitute an invitation to underwrite, subscribe for, or otherwise acquire or dispose of any Centrica shares or other securities. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements, forecasts and projections that reflect the current intentions, beliefs or expectations of Centrica’s Management with respect to, the Group’s financial condition, goals and commitments, prospects, growth, strategies, results, operations and businesses of Centrica. These statements only take into account information that was available up to and including the date that this presentation was prepared and can be identified by the use of terms such as ‘intend’, ‘aim’, ‘project’, ‘anticipate’, ‘estimate’, ‘plan’, ‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘forecasts’, ‘may’, ‘could’, ‘should’, ‘will’, ‘continue’ and other similar expressions of future performance and results including any of their negative words. Although we make such statements based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, by their nature, readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees or predictions of the Group’s future performance and undue reliance should not be placed on them when making investment decisions. Any reliance placed on this presentation or past performance is not indicative of future results and is done entirely at the risk of the person placing such reliance. There can be no assurance that the Group’s actual future results, financial condition, performance, operations and businesses will not differ materially from those express or implied in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors that are beyond the control of the Group and therefore cannot be precisely predicted. Such factors include, but not limited to, those set out in this presentation and in the ‘Our Principal Risks and Uncertainties’ section of the Strategic Report in our most recently published Annual Report and Accounts. Other factors could also have an adverse effect on our business performance and results. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees or predictions of Centrica’s future performance and undue reliance should not be placed on them when making investment decisions. At any time subsequent to the publication of this presentation, neither Centrica nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness or undertakes any obligation, to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements to reflect any new information or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based save in respect of any requirement under applicable law or regulation. Past performance is no guide to future performance and persons needing advice should consult an independent financial adviser. Further when considering the information contained in, or referred to in this presentation, please note that profit and inventory from Rough operations are reported under Centrica Energy Storage Limited, also referred to as Centrica Energy Storage+, for presentational purposes only. Centrica Energy Storage Limited does not produce, supply or trade gas, except to the extent necessary for the efficient operation of the storage facility. In accordance with the Gas Act 1986, such production, supply and trading of gas is carried out wholly independently of Centrica Energy Storage Limited by other Centrica group companies. Certain figures shown in this presentation were rounded in accordance with standard business rounding principles and therefore there may be discrepancies. All adjusted figures are before exceptional items and certain re-measurements. Adjusted operating profit includes share of joint ventures and associates after interest and taxation. A reconciliation of different operating profit measures is provided in the Group Financial Review in the Results announcement. 2 Chris O’Shea Group Chief Executive 3 4 • Resilient performance in a challenging market • Strong operations, with improving customer satisfaction and organic growth in energy supply customer base • Progressing our investment programme, including £1.3bn investment in Sizewell C with allowed return on equity of 10.8%, generating a >12% IRR • £1.6bn end-2028 EBITDA1 run-rate underpinned, with transformation programme supporting upside • Interim dividend increased by 22% to 1.83p – intention to increase 2025 dividend per share to 5.5p unchanged • £2bn share buyback ongoing – expected to complete by around the end of the year 10.3 million 1 million Total customers Centrica smart meters under management 7.0p 1.83p Adjusted basic EPS Interim dividend per share December 2024: 10.2m H1 2024: 12.8p 1. Adjusted EBITDA including Centrica's share of EBITDA from joint ventures and associates. £1.6bn is the mid-point of £1.3bn-£1.9bn range. H1 2024: 57k H1 2024: 1.50p Continuously improving to increase efficiency, reduce costs and enhance customer satisfaction Operational excellence Commercial focus Investing for value 5 Innovating to deliver compelling customer propositions and optimisation optionality Investing to make Centrica more predictable, with strong returns across our integrated business Good for the UK • 3.2 GW capacity from 2 x 1.6GW European Pressurised Reactors • Critical to UK energy security and decarbonisation, 7% of current UK electricity demand • Delivered via UK Government-backed public-private partnership Delivers on the red-lines we set… 1 2 3 Attractive returns Phased investment with no pre-productive capital period Protection against construction delays and cost overruns 10.8% real return on equity2 RAB model Government support package Good for Centrica 6 • Phased investment capped at £1.3bn for 15% stake; net investment £0.5bn • Immediately earnings accretive with inflation-protected regulated returns from day one and an IRR1 >12% • Supportive to credit profile – regulated earnings, non-recourse debt • Long-term optionality - access to 3.8TWh p.a. of zero carbon baseload generation, route-to-market for additional volumes and right of first offer for future Government sell-downs 1. Based on LRT scenario. Post-tax, nominal, unlevered return on Centrica’s cash investment. 2. Allowed Return on Equity (real CPIH) during the construction and initial operations phase. …attracting a world-class development consortium Exploring nuclear life extensions1 Meter Asset Provide