=== FHN_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A beginning on page 24 . Key Cybersecurity Risk Management Goals Cybersecurity risk management has two primary goals: defend FHN and its clients from fraudulent and other unauthorized incursions; and, when an incursion happens, detect and respond as soon as practical. The optimal cybersecurity program will defend as much as is practical while also detecting rapidly those incursions that get through. Management Structure Key Processes Operational risk, including cybersecurity risk, is overseen by FHN's Operational Risk Committee. Members of the Operational Risk Committee include senior-level representatives from across FHN. The Operational Risk Committee reports to FHN's Management Risk Committee, which is headed by FHN's Chief Risk Officer. The IT Information Security Working Group meets quarterly to discuss emerging cyber risks, regulatory changes, vendor risk, audits, and outstanding-issue resolution. The Group also provides updates to the Operational Risk Committee on cybersecurity aspects of compliance, policies, and security standards. The key leaders for these committees, groups, and processes at FHN are the Chief Information Officer and Chief Information Security Officer . The Chief Information Officer has substantial banking, IT, and related experience: has held roles at FHN since 2009 related to IT and data systems, culminating in CIO in 2020; prior to joining FHN, had roles at a large regional bank, including technology leader of the bank's electronic payments platform related to treasury management and enterprise IT architect; and, earned an MS in computer science as well as an MBA. The Chief Information Security Officer who held that position during 2025 had over twenty years of banking, IT, and related experience: oversaw information security and many related systems and processes; established risk-based security programs to meet regulatory requirements and align with business needs; and implemented numerous data protection, data access, and identity management systems. In 2026, FHN appointed a new Chief Information Security Officer who: prior to joining FHN, had roles at two large U.S. banks and a financial services firm; has over twenty-five years of leadership experience in information security, risk management, and technology; directed complex programs in technology strategy, program and project management, business development, application development, and large-scale system implementations; and led the execution of a multi-year enterprise-wide cyber strategy. 72 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents FHN has a written Computer Security Incident Response Plan ("CSIRP") outlining FHN's incident response and communication processes. FHN's Chief Information Security Officer or certain other managers have the authority to initiate the execution of the CSIRP if an incident occurs. A working group called the Computer Security Incident Response Team has primary responsibility to implement or coordinate many of the CSIRP actions, along with FHN's IT Information Security Working Group. Key goals of the CSIRP are to: contain, remediate, and recover; mitigate impact on FHN and clients; report findings to Operational Risk and other senior management; and manage external communications. FHN periodically conducts response readiness exercises, including simulated cyber-attack scenarios, to test the effectiveness of the CSIRP and ensure resources are prepared to execute response actions in real time. FHN engages third-party vendors to conduct several periodic cybersecurity reviews: Network Penetration testing; Cyber Security Maturity Assessment; Red Team (simulated cyber-attack) testing; SOX (financial reporting controls and data integrity) testing; and, PCI-DSS (proprietary data security standard for payment systems) attestation of compliance and SOC 1 Type II reports (attesting to the design and operation of cybersecurity systems) for lockbox and electronic bill pay. The frequency of these reviews ranges from several times per year to every three years. FHN also has a cybersecurity incident specialty firm on retainer for incident response, as needed. FHN has a dedicated Third-Party Risk Management ("TPRM") department which oversees third party vendors and reports up through the Chief Risk Officer. Among other responsibilities, TPRM engages the IT Risk and Control Team to perform cybersecurity assessments for new vendors during onboarding, re-assessments of existing vendors on a risk-based cadence, and continuous monitoring of critical third parties. Board Oversight The Board's Risk Committee oversees all risk management functions for the enterprise, including operational risk, which encompasses cybersecurity risk. The Risk Committee, as well as the full Board, each quarter receives a risk management update from FHN's Chief Risk Officer. Each update includes a written presentation covering all major operational risk areas, including cybersecurity risk. Tactical, Operational Other Impacts FHN conducts mandatory cybersecurity training for associates and offers best practices and training programs for clients to enhance awareness and effectively combat cyber threats. FHN also actively engages in partnerships with leading cybersecurity firms and participates in industry groups to enhance security measures and intelligence sharing. FHN invests in technological capabilities that improve speed and efficiency in combating cyber risks and implements advanced detection tools and software for early identification and mitigation of threats. The measures FHN takes to manage cybersecurity risk affect how associates and clients use FHN's platforms and systems. For every safeguard considered or implemented, FHN must weigh potential and actual inconveniences against security concerns. Practical realities make it impossible to maximize security and ignore resulting restrictions on the ability of associates and clients to conduct banking and financial business. Primarily for that reason, cybersecurity risks are and will be a major risk management concern, and losses from incursions will be impossible to avoid. As mentioned above, FHN's goals are to prevent what can be prevented, and detect and respond to incursions that get through as quickly as possible. For those incursions that are not blocked, FHN's processes are designed to detect them quickly enough so that the financial and operational impact on FHN is zero or modest. But the risk of a major incursion occurring cannot be reduced to zero. A major incursion could have a material financial impact on FHN's business operations and earnings. Compliance Risk Management Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial or other loss that the Company may suffer as a result of its failure to operate in a safe and sound manner, failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, related self-regulatory organization standards, and codes of conduct applicable to its financial services activities. Management, measurement, and reporting of compliance risk are overseen by the Compliance Risk Committee and other key Corporate Governance Committees. Summary reports of Committee activities and decisions are provided to the appropriate Board governance committees. Credit Risk Management Credit risk is the risk of loss due to adverse changes in a borrower s or counterparty s ability or willingness to meet its financial obligations under agreed upon terms. FHN is subject to credit risk in lending, trading, investing, 73 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents liquidity/funding, and asset management activities although lending activities have the most exposure to credit risk. The nature and amount of credit risk depends on the types of transactions, the structure of those transactions, collateral received, the use of guarantors and the parties involved. FHN assesses and manages credit risk through a series of policies, processes, measurement systems, and controls. The Credit Risk Management Committee ("CRMC") is responsible for overseeing the management of existing and emerging credit risks in the company within the broad risk tolerances established by the Board. The CRMC reports through the Management Risk Committee. The Credit Risk Management function, which is shared by the Chief Credit Officer and Chief Risk Officer, provides strategic and tactical credit leadership by maintaining policies, overseeing credit approval, assessing new credit products, strategies and processes, and managing portfolio composition and performance. While the Credit Risk function oversees FHN s credit risk management, there is significant coordination between the business lines and the Credit Risk function in order to manage FHN s credit risk and maintain strong asset quality. The Credit Risk function recommends portfolio industry/sector and individual country limits to the Risk Committee of the Board for approval. Adherence to these approved limits is vigorously monitored by Credit Risk which provides recommendations to slow or cease lending to the business lines as commitments near established lending limits. Credit Risk also ensures subject matter experts are providing oversight, support and credit approvals, particularly in the specialty and wholesale lending areas where industry-specific knowledge is required. Management emphasizes general portfolio servicing such that emerging risks are able to be spotted early enough to correct potential deficiencies, prevent further credit deterioration, and mitigate credit losses. The Credit Risk Management function assesses the asset quality trends and results, as well as lending processes, adherence to underwriting guidelines (portfolio-specific underwriting guidelines are discussed further in the Asset Quality Trends section), and utilizes this information to inform management regarding the current state of credit quality and as a factor in the estimation process for determining the allowance for credit losses. The CRMC reviews on a periodic basis various reports issued by assurance functions which provide an independent assessment of the adequacy of loan servicing, grading accuracy, and other key functions. Additionally, CRMC is presented with and discusses various portfolios, lending activity and lending-related projects. All of the above activities are subject to independent review by FHN s Credit Assurance Services Group ("CAS"). CAS reports to the CAS Director who is appointed by and reports functionally to the Risk Committee of the Board (and administratively to the Chief Audit Executive) and provides quarterly reports to that Committee. CAS is charged with providing the Risk Committee of the Board and executive management with independent, objective, and timely assessments of FHN s portfolio quality, credit policies, and credit risk management processes. Liquidity Risk Management Among other things, ALCO is responsible for liquidity management: the funding of assets with liabilities of appropriate duration, while mitigating the risk of unexpected cash needs. ALCO and the Board of Directors have adopted a Liquidity Policy with the objective of ensuring that FHN meets its cash and collateral obligations promptly, in a cost-effective manner, and with the highest degree of reliability. The maintenance of adequate levels of asset and liability liquidity should provide FHN with the ability to meet both expected and unexpected cash and collateral needs. Key liquidity ratios, asset liquidity levels, and the amount available from funding sources are reported to ALCO on a regular basis. FHN s Liquidity Policy establishes liquidity limits that are deemed appropriate for FHN s risk profile. In accordance with the Liquidity Policy, ALCO manages FHN s exposure to liquidity risk through forecasts of its liquidity position and funding needs. Base liquidity forecasts are reviewed by ALCO and are updated as financial conditions dictate. In addition to the baseline liquidity reports, stress testing of assumptions and funds availability is periodically conducted. FHN maintains a contingency funding plan that may be executed should unexpected difficulties arise in accessing funding that affects FHN, the industry, or both. As of December 31, 2025, available liquidity sources included cash, incremental borrowing capacity at the FHLB, access to Federal Reserve Bank borrowings through the discount window, and unencumbered securities. Additional sources of liquidity included dealer and commercial customer repurchase agreements, access to Federal Funds markets, brokered deposits, loan sales, and syndications. The table below details FHN s sources of available liquidity as of December 31, 2025. 74 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents Table 7.29 AVAILABLE LIQUIDITY as of December 31, 2025 (Dollars in millions) Total Capacity Outstanding Borrowings Available Liquidity Cash on deposit with FRB (a) $ 1,035 $ $ 1,035 FHLB 9,356 50 9,306 Discount Window 21,169 21,169 Unencumbered securities (b) 1,069 1,069 Total available liquidity $ 32,579 (a) Included in interest-bearing deposits with banks on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. (b) Subject to market haircuts on collateral. Generally, a primary source of funding for a bank is core deposits from the bank's client base. The period-end loans-to-deposits ratio was 95% as of both December 31, 2025 and 2024. FHN may also use unsecured short-term borrowings as a source of liquidity. Federal funds purchased from correspondent bank clients are considered to be substantially more stable than funds purchased in the national broker markets for federal funds due to the long, historical, and reciprocal nature of banking services provided by FHN to these correspondent banks. The remainder of FHN s wholesale short-term borrowings consists of securities sold under agreements to repurchase transactions accounted for as secured borrowings with business clients or broker-dealer counterparties. Both FHN and First Horizon Bank have the ability to generate liquidity by issuing senior or subordinated unsecured debt, preferred equity, and common equity, subject to market conditions and compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. During first quarter 2025, FHN issued $500 million of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Senior Notes. FHN retired $350 million in senior notes during second quarter 2025. As of December 31, 2025, FHN had outstanding $946 million in senior and subordinated unsecured debt and $349 million in non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock. FHN redeemed all outstanding shares of its Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock during third quarter 2025. Refer to Note 11 - Preferred Stock to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report for additional information. As of December 31, 2025, First Horizon Bank and subsidiaries had outstanding preferred shares of $295 million, which are reflected as noncontrolling interest on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Parent company liquidity is primarily provided by cash flows stemming from dividends and interest payments collected from subsidiaries. These sources of cash represent the primary sources of funds to pay cash dividends to shareholders and principal and interest to debt holders of FHN. The amount paid to the parent company through First Horizon Bank common dividends is managed as part of FHN s overall cash management process, subject to applicable regulatory restrictions. Certain regulatory restrictions exist regarding the ability of First Horizon Bank to transfer funds to FHN in the form of cash, common dividends, loans, or advances. At any given time, the pertinent portions of those regulatory restrictions allow First Horizon Bank to declare preferred or common dividends without prior regulatory approval in an aggregate amount equal to First Horizon Bank s retained net income for the two most recently completed years plus the current year-to-date period. For any period, First Horizon Bank s "retained net income" generally is equal to First Horizon Bank s regulatory net income reduced by the preferred and common dividends declared by First Horizon Bank. Applying the dividend restrictions imposed under applicable federal and state rules as outlined above, the Bank s total amount available for dividends was $88 million as of January 1, 2026. Consequently, on that date the Bank could pay common dividends up to that amount to its sole common shareholder, FHN, or to its preferred shareholders without prior regulatory approval. Additionally, a capital conservation buffer must be maintained (as described in the Capital section of this Report) to avoid restrictions on dividends. First Horizon Bank declared and paid common dividends to the parent company in the amount of $1.0 billion in 2025 and $1.1 billion in 2024. In January 2026, First Horizon Bank declared and paid a common dividend to the parent company in the amount of $50 million. First Horizon Bank declared and paid preferred dividends in each quarter of 2025 and 2024. Additionally, First Horizon Bank declared preferred dividends in first quarter 2026, payable in April 2026. Payment of a dividend to shareholders of FHN is dependent on several factors which are considered by the Board. These factors include FHN s current and prospective capital, liquidity, and other needs, applicable regulatory restrictions (including capital conservation buffer requirements) and availability of funds to FHN through a dividend from First Horizon Bank. Additionally, banking regulators generally require insured banks and bank holding companies to pay cash dividends only out of current operating earnings. Consequently, the decision of whether FHN will pay future dividends and the amount of dividends will be affected by current operating results. FHN paid a cash dividend of $0.15 per common share on January 2, 2026. FHN paid cash dividends of $1,625 per Series E preferred share and $1,175 per Series F preferred share on January 12, 2026 and $165 per Series C preferred share on February 2, 2026. In addition, in January 2026, the Board approved cash dividends per share in the following amounts: 75 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents Table 7.30 CASH DIVIDENDS APPROVED BUT NOT PAID Dividend/Share Record Date Payment Date Common Stock $ 0.17 3/13/2026 4/1/2026 Preferred Stock Series C $ 165.00 4/16/2026 5/1/2026 Series E $ 1,625.00 3/26/2026 4/10/2026 Series F $ 1,175.00 3/26/2026 4/10/2026 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements In the normal course of business, FHN is a party to a number of activities that contain credit, market and operational risk that are not reflected in whole or in part in the consolidated financial statements. Such activities include traditional off-balance sheet credit-related financial instruments. FHN enters into commitments to extend credit to borrowers, including loan commitments, lines of credit, standby letters of credit, and commercial letters of credit. Many of the commitments are expected to expire unused or be only partially used; therefore, the total amount of commitments does not necessarily represent future cash requirements and are not included in the table below. Based on its available liquidity and available borrowing capacity, FHN anticipates it will continue to have sufficient funds to meet its current commitments. See Note 16 - Contingencies and Other Disclosures to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report for more information. Contractual Obligations The following table sets forth contractual obligations representing required and potential cash outflows as of December 31, 2025. Purchase obligations represent obligations under agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on FHN and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Table 7.31 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS as of December 31, 2025 Payments due by period (a) Less than 1 year - 3 years - After 5 (Dollars in millions) 1 year 3 years 5 years years Total Contractual obligations: Time deposit maturities (b) (c) $ 6,037 $ 397 $ 45 $ 6 $ 6,485 Short-term borrowings (b) (d) 3,861 3,861 Term borrowings (b) (e) 450 889 1,339 Annual rental commitments under noncancelable leases (b) (f) 45 94 79 243 461 Purchase obligations 261 266 61 21 609 Total contractual obligations $ 10,204 $ 757 $ 635 $ 1,159 $ 12,755 (a) Excludes a $12 million liability for unrecognized tax benefits as the timing of payment cannot be reasonably estimated. (b) Amounts do not include interest. (c) See Note 8 - Deposits for further details. (d) See Note 9 - Short-Term Borrowings for further details. (e) See Note 10 - Term Borrowings for further details. (f) See Note 5 - Premises, Equipment, and Leases for further details. 76 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents Credit Ratings FHN is currently able to fund a majority of the balance sheet through core deposits, which are generally not directly tied to FHN s credit ratings as are other types of funding. However, maintaining adequate credit ratings on debt issuances and preferred stock is critical to liquidity should FHN need to access funding from other sources, including from long-term debt issuances and certain brokered deposits, at an attractive rate. The availability and cost of funds other than core deposits is also dependent upon marketplace perceptions of the financial soundness of FHN, which include such factors as capital levels, asset quality, and reputation. The availability of core deposit funding is stabilized by federal deposit insurance, which can be removed only in extraordinary circumstances, but may also be influenced to some extent by the same factors that affect other funding sources. FHN s credit ratings are also referenced in various respects in agreements with certain derivative counterparties as discussed in Note 21 - Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. The following table provides FHN s most recent credit ratings. Table 7.32 CREDIT RATINGS Moody's (a) Fitch (b) First Horizon Corporation Overall credit rating: Long-term/Short-term/Outlook Baa3/--/Positive BBB+/F2/Stable Long-term senior debt Baa3 BBB+ Subordinated debt (c) Baa3 BBB+ Junior subordinated debt (c) Ba1 BB Preferred stock Ba2 BB First Horizon Bank Overall credit rating: Long-term/Short-term/Outlook Baa3/P-2/Positive BBB+/F2/Stable Long-term/short-term deposits A3/P-2 A-/F2 Long-term/short-term senior debt (c) Baa3/P-2 BBB+/F2 Subordinated debt Baa3 BBB Preferred stock Ba2 BB FT Real Estate Securities Company, Inc. Preferred stock Ba1 A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities and is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. (a) Last change in ratings was on May 14, 2015. Outlook changed to positive ("Positive") on June 11, 2025. (b) Last change in ratings was on October 3, 2024. Outlook changed to stable ("Stable") on May 5, 2023. (c) Ratings are preliminary/implied. Market Uncertainties and Prospective Trends FHN s future results could be affected both positively and negatively by several known trends. Key among those are changes in the U.S. and global economy and outlook, government actions affecting interest rates, and government actions and proposals which could have positive or negative impacts on the economy at large or on certain businesses, industries, or sectors, including changes in fiscal policy and changes in trade policy, such as the imposition of tariffs and related retaliatory responses. Additional risks relate to political uncertainty, changes in federal policies (including those publicly discussed, formally proposed, or recently implemented) and the potential impacts of those changes on our businesses and clients, and whether FHN s strategic initiatives will succeed. In addition to trends and events noted elsewhere in this MD A, FHN believes the following trends and events are noteworthy at this time. 77 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents Federal Reserve Policy, the Yield Curve, Recession, Fiscal Trade Policy, Other Events Federal Reserve and Rates The Federal Reserve raised short-term rates several times in 2022 and 2023 to contain strong inflation which began in 2021 and peaked in 2022. The rise in short-term interest rates by the Federal Reserve in 2022 was both rapid and substantial, taking the overnight Fed Funds rate from 0.20% in March 2022 to 5.33% by the fall of 2023. As a result of Federal Reserve rate cuts of 50 basis points in September 2024 and cuts of 25 basis points in both November and December of that year, the overnight Fed Funds fell back to 4.33% by the end of 2024. But despite the Federal Reserve's rapid and vigorous tightening of monetary policy in 2022 and 2023 and limited rate cuts in 2024, measures of inflation still generally remain higher than the Federal Reserve's stated goal of 2%. In each of September, October, and December of 2025, the Federal Reserve announced 25 basis point cuts in the Fed Funds rate, lowering the target range to 3.50% to 3.75%, but in January 2026 the Federal Reserve decided to hold the target range steady. In its statement announcing its January decision to maintain the target range, the Federal Reserve noted that economic activity had been expanding at a solid pace and the unemployment rate showed signs of stabilization, but inflation remained somewhat elevated. Looking ahead to 2026, market consensus points to the possibility of two additional 25 basis point cuts, contingent on inflation trends and broader economic conditions. FHN continues to closely monitor economic developments and assess potential exposures. FHN cannot predict when or how much short-term rates will be changed, how market-driven long-term rates will behave, or how those actions may affect economic or business conditions or financial markets. Yield Curve Historically, the yield curve is usually upward sloping (higher rates for longer terms and lower rates for shorter terms). However, the yield curve can be relatively flat or inverted (downward sloping). Inversion normally is rare but has happened several times in the past, including most recently, from the summer of 2022 until September 2024. Since the fall of 2024, the yield curve has continued to modestly steepen. Yield curve flattening and inversion generally reduce the profit FHN can make from lending by compressing FHN's net interest margin ("NIM"), and also generally reduce FHN's revenues from its fixed income bond trading. Both of those impacts occurred from 2022 through 2024, with fluctuations. During each quarter of 2025, net interest margin consistently exceeded the level of the comparable quarter in 2024, as the yield curve maintained its more typical upward slope, while fixed income bond trading revenues fluctuated during the year due to changing market conditions with revenue from bond trading and related activities showing improvement in the first, third and fourth quarters, but declining in the second quarter due to less favorable market conditions. While NIM for 2025 as a whole expanded as compared with 2024, quarterly results for 2025 varied with strong quarter-to-quarter expansions of NIM in the first and third quarters and small quarter-to-quarter declines in the second and fourth quarters. FHN cannot predict whether these trends will continue. Other Impacts on FHN of Rate Actions Rate increases pushed home mortgage rates in the U.S. much higher in 2022 and 2023, reducing demand. FHN's direct mortgage lending and lending to mortgage companies saw business decline significantly in 2022 and 2023. Mortgage rates have modestly abated since 2023 and FHN's mortgage business has seen improvement, but rates have remained elevated. However, the negative impacts of these higher rates have been offset by gains in market share. Changes in interest rates and interest rate policy could have a material impact on our business and financial results. Recession The U.S. economy contracted (experienced negative growth) during the first two quarters of 2022, in both cases modestly. Although the occurrence of two consecutive quarters of contraction often coincides with recession, in 2022, it did not. The economy has expanded in each quarter since then, except for a slight decline in the first quarter of 2025 before expansion resumed in the second quarter of 2025. The expansion rate has varied without a sustained trend. Recession expectations have moderated significantly since 2023, but recession still remains possible. 2023 Banking Crisis In 2023, three large regional U.S. banks failed after sudden large deposit outflows. In the aftermath of these failures, bank investors and clients across the U.S. became more focused on deposit mix, funding risk management, and other safety-soundness concerns. Most U.S. banks saw abrupt net outflows of deposits in the spring of 2023 following the failures. Most have since recouped those deposits, mainly by offering higher interest rates. In 2024, competition for deposits was quite intense. Increased competition for deposits has continued in 2025 and could continue throughout the remainder of 2026. Fiscal Policy Fiscal policy (spending and taxation) directly affects U.S. government annual deficits or surpluses, along with the size and trajectory of the national debt. Fiscal policy often has a significant impact on the U.S. economy. The changes 78 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents in the executive and legislative branches of government in 2025 have resulted in significant changes in U.S. fiscal policy, including through the enactment on July 4, 2025 of federal legislation commonly referred to as the "One Big Beautiful Bill Act." The legislation includes several provisions that may impact the timing and magnitude of certain tax deductions and tax credits. The accelerated federal tax deductions for bonus depreciation and research or experimental expenditures will reduce FHN's federal tax liability starting in 2025. FHN does not expect a significant impact from provisions that sunset certain Section 48E Clean Electricity Tax Credits on its future financial results. Provisions limiting the deductibility of annual corporate charitable deductions to amounts in excess of 1% of taxable income may affect the timing and amount of charitable donations. Refer to the Income Taxes section of this MD A f or additional information regarding the impact of this legislation on FHN . Trade Policy In 2025, the U.S. government announced new tariffs on a variety of goods and services. As of early February 2026, the timing, scope and duration of tariffs, as well as the timing, scope and duration of any retaliatory measures by foreign governments, remain uncertain, as does the impact of tariffs on economic growth, inflation rates, and employment rates. Any significant change in economic conditions related to tariffs could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. Other Regulatory Proposals In 2023, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve and other regulators proposed regulatory changes that would, if implemented, significantly increase regulatory constraints and costs on all U.S. banks with assets over $100 billion, but those regulations appear unlikely to be adopted in the form originally proposed. A few new requirements would apply to banks, like FHN, with assets over $50 billion, but by far the main impacts would fall on banks greater than $100 billion in assets. The proposals touch upon many regulatory requirements, including debt and equity capital requirements, credit risk standards, and asset risk-weighting. The increased requirements also would entail additional compliance costs. Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Reporting Regimes Regulatory Proposals Several states have enacted or proposed statutes or regulations addressing climate-related issues. For example, in 2023, California enacted two laws which, taken together, will require most larger companies doing business in California to report annually their greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and to report biennially their climate-related financial risks and risk-mitigation measures. The California laws have been challenged in court and certain of those challenges remain pending. In addition, in March 2024, the SEC adopted final rules which would require all U.S. companies with publicly-traded securities to report annually their Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and related risk-management processes, and would include a related financial statement and audit requirement, among other things. There is considerable uncertainty as to whether these rules will be implemented as adopted, both because the SEC has suspended effectiveness of those rules while legal challenges are pending and because shifts in executive and legislative branches of government could lead the SEC to withdraw or significantly alter those rules. In March 2025, the SEC voted to end its defense of its climate disclosure rules in the pending legal action, but the SEC has not withdrawn or modified those rules nor has the legal challenge to those rules been dismissed. On September 12, 2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit ordered the litigation to be held in abeyance until the SEC reconsiders its rules through formal notice-and-comment rulemaking or renews its defense of the rules. Potential Business Impacts Direct compliance costs related to the SEC's and California's GHG reporting regimes, if implemented, will include creating systems to measure or estimate and capture relevant data, staffing, and engagement of vendors, including a firm to provide required assurances (somewhat analogous to a financial statement auditor). 79 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents Market Growth and Weather Events FHN's principal markets are in the southern and southeastern United States, including most of the major gulf coast markets and several markets on the southern Atlantic seacoast. Many of FHN's markets, both coastal and non-coastal, have experienced significant population growth over at least the past twenty years, outpacing the growth rate for the U.S. as a whole. That population growth generally has been accompanied by economic growth. Many of FHN's fastest growing markets, including most significantly those in Florida, can be impacted significantly by hurricanes and other severe coastal weather events. As those markets grow, FHN's economic commitment to them grows, as does FHN's financial exposure to those events. Especially since 2022, it has been widely reported that the economic costs of hurricane and other severe weather events in the southeastern U.S. have been rising significantly. This reported increase in casualty risks and costs is being reflected in property insurance practices which currently are in significant flux. The insurance industry and insurance regulators are being forced to revise their risk assessment and premium pricing policies in coastal and other impacted areas as loss experience has deviated from earlier predictions, sometimes substantially. In Florida, for example, some smaller carriers failed, some larger carriers left markets, and other carriers significantly increased the premiums of hurricane-related insurance, narrowed coverage, or both, resulting in numerous proposals for legislative and regulatory reform. The availability, reliability, and cost of adequate property insurance is a significant concern for FHN as well as FHN's clients in affected markets. Instability in property insurance has made, and continues to make, FHN's business decisions more difficult. That instability increases FHN's risks of loan loss and business downturn. More fundamentally, elevated insurance and casualty costs blunt a key factor driving growth in many of these high-growth markets: lower costs of living. If market growth slows, FHN's business could be impacted. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Management s policy is to maintain the ALLL at a level sufficient to absorb expected credit losses in the loan and lease portfolio. Management performs periodic and systematic detailed reviews of its loan and lease portfolio to identify trends and to assess the overall collectability of the portfolio. Management believes the accounting estimate related to the ALLL is a critical accounting estimate as: (1) changes in it can materially affect the provision for loan and lease losses and net income; (2) it requires management to predict borrowers likelihood or capacity to repay, including evaluation of inherently uncertain future economic conditions; (3) prepayment activity must be projected to estimate the life of loans that often are shorter than contractual terms; (4) it requires estimation of a reasonable and supportable forecast period for credit losses for loan portfolio segments before reversion to historical loss levels over the remaining life of a loan; and (5) expected future recoveries of amounts previously charged off must be estimated. Accordingly, this is a highly subjective process and requires significant judgment since it is difficult to evaluate current and future economic conditions in relation to an overall credit cycle and estimate the timing and extent of loss events that are expected to occur prior to the end of a loan s or lease's estimated life. FHN believes that the principal assumptions underlying the accounting estimates made by management include: (1) the commercial loan portfolio has been properly risk graded based on information about borrowers in specific industries and specific issues with respect to single borrowers; (2) borrower-specific information made available to FHN is current and accurate; (3) the loan portfolio has been segmented properly and individual loans have similar credit risk characteristics and will behave similarly; (4) the lives for loan portfolio pools have been estimated properly, including consideration of expected prepayments; (5) the economic forecasts utilized and associated weighting selected by management in the modeling of expected credit losses are reflective of future economic conditions; (6) entity-specific historical loss information has been properly assessed for all loan portfolio segments as the initial basis for estimating expected credit losses; (7) the reasonable and supportable periods for loan portfolio segments have been properly determined; (8) the reversion methodologies and timeframes for migration from the reasonable and supportable period to the use of historical loss rates are reasonable; (9) expected recoveries of prior charge-off amounts have been properly estimated; and (10) qualitative adjustments to modeled loss results reasonably reflect expected future credit losses as of the date of the financial statements. While management uses the best information available to establish the ALLL, future adjustments to the ALLL and 80 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents methodology may be necessary if economic or other conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the estimates. Such adjustments to prior estimates, as necessary, are made in the period in which these factors and other relevant considerations indicate that loss levels vary from previous estimates. Selection and weighting of macroeconomic forecasts are the most significant inputs in quantitative ALLL calculations. Due to the sensitivity of the ALLL determination to macroeconomic forecasts, changes in those forecasts can result in materially different results between reporting periods. In the determination of the ALLL as of December 31, 2025, FHN utilized Moody's Baseline, S1 (upside) and S3 (adverse) scenarios for the calculation of the ALLL. FHN placed the most weight on the Moody's Baseline scenario but included the S1 and S3 scenarios to reflect the uncertainty of macroeconomic forecasts related to ongoing economic conditions. Due to the dynamic relationship of macroeconomic inputs in modeling calculations, quantifying the effects of changing individual inputs is highly challenging. Additionally, management applies judgment in developing qualitative adjustments that are considered necessary to appropriately reflect elements of credit risk that are not captured in the quantitative model results. To provide some hypothetical sensitivity analysis, FHN prepared two alternate quantitative calculations, applying 100% weighting to Moody's Baseline and S3 (adverse) scenarios. These hypothetical calculations resulted in a 7% reduction and 31% increase, respectively, in ALLL in comparison to the ALLL recorded as of December 31, 2025, inclusive of qualitative adjustments that are affected by the weighting of forecast scenarios. See Note 1 - Significant Accounting Policies and Note 4 - Allowance for Credit Losses to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report for detail regarding FHN s processes, models, and methodology for determining the ALLL. Income Taxes FHN is subject to the income tax laws of the U.S. and the states and jurisdictions in which it operates. FHN accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, "Income Taxes." Significant judgments and estimates are required in the determination of the consolidated income tax expense. FHN's income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management s best estimates of current and future taxes to be paid. Income tax expense consists of both current and deferred taxes. Current income tax expense is an estimate of taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period and includes income tax expense related to uncertain tax positions. A DTA or a DTL is recognized for the tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities. Deferred taxes can be affected by changes in tax rates applicable to future years, either as a result of statutory changes or the alteration of business activities in jurisdictions in which FHN is or may become subject to taxation. Additionally, DTAs are subject to a more likely than not test to determine whether the full amount of the DTAs should be realized in the financial statements. FHN evaluates the likelihood of realization of the DTA based on both positive and negative evidence available at the time, including (as appropriate) scheduled reversals of DTLs, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and recent financial performance. Realization is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income prior to the expiration of the carryforwards attributable to or generated with respect to the DTA. In projecting future taxable income, FHN incorporates assumptions including the amount of future state and federal pre-tax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates used to manage the underlying business. If the more likely than not test is not met, a valuation allowance must be established against the DTA. The income tax laws of the jurisdictions in which FHN operates are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant government taxing authorities. In determining if a tax position should be recognized and in establishing a provision for income tax expense, FHN must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. Interpretations may be subjected to review during examination by taxing authorities and disputes may arise over the respective tax positions. FHN attempts to resolve disputes that may arise during the tax examination and audit process. However, certain disputes may ultimately be resolved through the federal and state court systems. FHN monitors relevant tax authorities and revises estimates of accrued income taxes on a quarterly basis. Changes in estimates may occur due to changes in income tax laws and their interpretation by the courts and regulatory authorities. Revisions of estimates may also result from income tax planning and from the resolution of income tax controversies. Revisions in estimates may be material to operating results for any given period. See Note 14 - Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report for additional 81 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents information including discussion of valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets and the potential impact of unrecognized tax benefits on future earnings. Contingent Liabilities A liability is contingent if the amount or outcome is not presently known but may become known in the future as a result of the occurrence of some uncertain future event. FHN estimates its contingent liabilities based on management s ability to reasonably estimate the loss or range of loss related to probable loss outcomes and management's estimates of reasonably possible loss associated with less-than-probable, but more-than-remote, loss outcomes. Accounting standards require that a liability be recorded if management determines that it is probable that a loss has occurred and the loss can be reasonably estimated. In addition, it must be probable that the loss will be confirmed by some future event. As part of the estimation process, management is required to make assumptions about matters that are, by their nature, highly uncertain and difficult to estimate. The assessment of contingent liabilities, including legal contingencies, involves the use of critical estimates, assumptions, and judgments. Management s estimates are based on its belief that future events will validate the current assumptions regarding the ultimate outcome of these exposures. However, there can be no assurance that future events, such as court decisions or decisions of arbitrators, will not differ from management s assessments. Whenever practicable, management consults with third-party experts (e.g., attorneys, accountants, claims administrators, etc.) to assist with the gathering and evaluation of information related to contingent liabilities. Based on internally and/or externally prepared evaluations, management makes a determination whether the potential exposure requires accrual in the financial statements. See Note 16 - Contingencies and Other Disclosures to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report for additional information regarding FHN's existing material contingent liabilities, including those with and without loss accruals, and discussion of reasonably possible loss amounts for pending litigation matters. Accounting Changes Refer to Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report for a summary of accounting changes and accounting changes issued but not currently effective, which section is incorporated into this MD A by this reference. Non-GAAP Information Certain measures included in this report are non-GAAP, meaning they are not presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and also are not codified in U.S. banking regulations currently applicable to FHN. Although other entities may use calculation methods that differ from those used by FHN for non-GAAP measures, FHN s management believes such measures are relevant to understanding the financial condition, capital position, and financial results of FHN and its business segments. Non-GAAP measures are reported to FHN s management and Board of Directors through various internal reports. The non-GAAP measures presented in this report are pre-provision net revenue, return on average tangible common equity, tangible common equity to tangible assets, and tangible book value per common share. Table 7.33 provides a reconciliation of non-GAAP items presented in this report to the most comparable GAAP presentation. Presentation of regulatory measures, even those which are not GAAP, provides a meaningful basis for comparability to other financial institutions subject to the same regulations as FHN, as demonstrated by their use by banking regulators in reviewing capital adequacy of financial institutions. Although not GAAP terms, these regulatory measures are not considered non-GAAP under U.S. financial reporting rules as long as their presentation conforms to regulatory standards. Regulatory measures used in this MD A include: common equity tier 1 capital, generally defined as common equity less goodwill, other intangibles, and certain other required regulatory deductions; tier 1 capital, generally defined as the sum of core capital (including common equity and instruments that cannot be redeemed at the option of the holder) adjusted for certain items under risk based capital regulations; and risk-weighted assets, which is a measure of total on- and off-balance sheet assets adjusted for credit and market risk, used to determine regulatory capital ratios. The following table provides a reconciliation of non-GAAP items presented in this MD A to the most comparable GAAP presentation. 82 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents Table 7.33 NON-GAAP TO GAAP RECONCILIATION (Dollars in millions; shares in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Pre-provision Net Revenue (Non-GAAP) Net interest income (GAAP) $ 2,622 $ 2,511 $ 2,540 Plus: Noninterest income (GAAP) 797 679 927 Total revenues (GAAP) 3,419 3,190 3,467 Less: Noninterest expense (GAAP) 2,074 2,035 2,079 Pre-provision net revenue (Non-GAAP) $ 1,345 $ 1,155 $ 1,388 Tangible Common Equity (Non-GAAP) (A) Total equity (GAAP) $ 9,142 $ 9,111 $ 9,291 Less: Noncontrolling interest (a) 295 295 295 Less: Preferred stock (a) 349 426 520 (B) Total common equity 8,498 8,390 8,476 Less: Goodwill and other intangible assets (GAAP) (b) 1,615 1,653 1,696 (C) Tangible common equity (Non-GAAP) $ 6,883 $ 6,737 $ 6,780 Tangible Assets (Non-GAAP) (D) Total assets (GAAP) $ 83,876 $ 82,152 $ 81,661 Less: Goodwill and other intangible assets (GAAP) (b) 1,615 1,653 1,696 (E) Tangible assets (Non-GAAP) $ 82,261 $ 80,499 $ 79,965 Average Tangible Common Equity (Non-GAAP) Average total equity (GAAP) $ 9,142 $ 9,136 $ 8,905 Less: Average noncontrolling interest (a) 295 295 295 Less: Average preferred stock (a) 388 450 758 (F) Total average common equity 8,459 8,391 7,852 Less: Average goodwill and other intangible assets (GAAP) (b) 1,633 1,674 1,720 (G) Average tangible common equity (Non-GAAP) $ 6,826 $ 6,717 $ 6,132 Net Income Available to Common Shareholders (H) Net income available to common shareholders (GAAP) $ 956 $ 738 $ 865 Period-end shares outstanding (I) Period-end shares outstanding 484,825 524,280 558,839 Ratios (A)/(D) Total period-end equity to period-end assets (GAAP) 10.90 % 11.09 % 11.38 % (C)/(E) Tangible common equity to tangible assets (Non-GAAP) 8.37 8.37 8.48 (H)/(F) Return on average common equity (GAAP) 11.30 8.80 11.01 (H)/(G) Return on average tangible common equity (Non-GAAP) 14.01 10.99 14.10 (B)/(I) Book value per common share (GAAP) $ 17.53 $ 16.00 $ 15.17 (C)/(I) Tangible book value per common share (Non-GAAP) $ 14.20 $ 12.85 $ 12.13 (a) Included in total equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. (b) Includes goodwill and other intangible assets, net of amortization. 83 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Table of Contents Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The information called for by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to: 2025 MD A (Item 7), which begins on page 40 of this report; Note 21 Derivatives, which begins on page 160 of this report; and Note 22 Master Netting and Similar Agreements - Repurchase, Reverse Repurchase, and Securities Borrowing Transactions, which begins on page 167 of this report. Within 2025 MD A, these sections are especially pertinent to this Item 7A: Market Risk Management and Interest Rate Risk Management which begin, respectively, on pages 68 and 70 of this report. Notes 21 and 22 are part of our 2025 Financial Statements (Item 8). 84 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents ITEM 8 TOPICS Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data TABLE OF ITEM 8 TOPICS Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 86 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 87 Consolidated Balance Sheets 91 Consolidated Statements of Income 92 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 94 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 95 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 96 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 98 Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies 98 Note 2 Investment Securities 110 Note 3 Loans and Leases 113 Note 4 Allowance for Credit Losses 121 Note 5 Premises, Equipment, and Leases 124 Note 6 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 126 Note 7 Mortgage Banking Activity 127 Note 8 Deposits 128 Note 9 Short-Term Borrowings 129 Note 10 Term Borrowings 130 Note 11 Preferred Stock 132 Note 12 Regulatory Capital and Restrictions 133 Note 13 Components of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 135 Note 14 Income Taxes 136 Note 15 Earnings Per Share 140 Note 16 Contingencies and Other Disclosures 141 Note 17 Retirement Plans and Other Employee Benefits 142 Note 18 Stock Options and Restricted Stock 147 Note 19 Business Segment Information 150 Note 20 Variable Interest Entities 157 Note 21 Derivatives 160 Note 22 Master Netting and Similar Agreements - Repurchase, Reverse Repurchase, and Securities Borrowing Transactions 167 Note 23 Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities 169 Note 24 Parent Company Financial Information 184 85 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents MANAGEMENT REPORT ON ICOFR Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management at First Horizon Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. First Horizon Corporation s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Even effective internal controls, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations such as the possibility of human error or of circumvention or overriding of controls, and consideration of cost in relation to benefit of a control. Moreover, effectiveness must necessarily be considered according to the existing state of the art of internal control. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal controls may diminish over time. Management assessed the effectiveness of First Horizon Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. This assessment was based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our assessment and those criteria, management believes that First Horizon Corporation maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited First Horizon Corporation's financial statements, issued an audit report on First Horizon Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. That report appears on the following page. 86 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents OPINION ON ICOFR Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors First Horizon Corporation: Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited First Horizon Corporation and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 26, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Memphis, Tennessee February 26, 2026 87 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents OPINION ON CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors First Horizon Corporation: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of First Horizon Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 26, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Assessment of the allowance for loan losses for loans collectively evaluated for impairment As discussed in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s total allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2025, was $738 million, of which a portion related to the allowance for loan losses for loans collectively evaluated for impairment (the collective ALLL). The collective ALLL includes the measure of expected credit losses on a collective (pooled) basis for those loans that share similar risk characteristics. The Company estimated the collective ALLL using a current expected credit losses methodology which is based on internal and external information relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future 88 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents OPINION ON CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS conditions that affect the collectability of future cash flows. The expected credit losses are the product of multiplying the Company s estimates of probability of default (PD), loss given default (LGD), and individual loan level exposure at default (EAD), including amortization and prepayment assumptions, on an undiscounted basis. The Company uses models or assumptions to develop expected loss forecasts, inclusive of qualitative adjustments that are affected by the weighting of multiple macroeconomic forecast scenarios over a three-year reasonable and supportable forecast period. After the reasonable and supportable forecast period, the Company reverts on a straight-line basis to its historical loss averages, evaluated over the historical observation period, for the remaining estimated life of the loans. In order to capture the unique risks of the loan portfolio within the PD, LGD, and prepayment models, the Company segments the portfolio into pools, generally incorporating loan grades for commercial loans. The Company uses qualitative adjustments to adjust historical loss information in situations where current loan characteristics differ from those in the historical loss information and for differences in economic conditions and other factors. We identified the assessment of the collective ALLL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment of the collective ALLL due to significant measurement uncertainty. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the collective ALLL methodology, including the methods and models used to estimate the PD, LGD, and prepayment and their significant assumptions, which included the selection of the economic forecast scenarios and the weighting of each economic scenario. The assessment also included the evaluation of certain qualitative adjustments and their significant assumptions. The significant assumptions are sensitive to variation, such that minor changes in the assumption can cause significant changes in the estimates. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD, LGD, and prepayment models. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the collective ALLL estimate, including controls over the: assessment of the collective ALLL methodology performance monitoring of the PD, LGD and prepayment models continued use and appropriateness of changes to the PD, LGD, and prepayment models, including the significant assumptions used in the PD, LGD, and prepayment models selection of the economic scenarios and the weighting of each economic scenario development of the qualitative adjustments, including the significant assumptions used in the measurement of the qualitative adjustments analysis of the collective ALLL results, trends, and ratios. We evaluated the Company s process to develop the collective ALLL estimate by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: evaluating the Company s collective ALLL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the performance testing of the PD, LGD, and prepayment models by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices assessing the conceptual soundness and performance testing of the PD, LGD, and prepayment models by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the models are suitable for their intended use evaluating the selection of the economic forecast scenarios and the weighting applied to each scenario by comparing them to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 89 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents OPINION ON CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS evaluating the methodology used to develop the qualitative adjustments and the effect of those adjustments on the collective ALLL compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency with credit trends and identified limitations of the underlying quantitative models. We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the collective ALLL estimate by evaluating the: cumulative results of the audit procedures qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practice potential bias in the accounting estimates. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. Memphis, Tennessee February 26, 2026 90 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, (Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 2025 2024 Assets Cash and due from banks $ 961 $ 906 Interest-bearing deposits with banks 1,125 1,538 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell 634 631 Trading securities 1,904 1,387 Securities available for sale at fair value 8,165 7,896 Securities held to maturity (fair value of $ 1,073 and $ 1,083 , respectively) 1,216 1,270 Loans held for sale (including $ 151 and $ 85 at fair value, respectively) 406 551 Loans and leases 64,156 62,565 Allowance for loan and lease losses ( 738 ) ( 815 ) Net loans and leases 63,418 61,750 Premises and equipment 544 574 Goodwill 1,510 1,510 Other intangible assets 105 143 Other assets 3,888 3,996 Total assets $ 83,876 $ 82,152 Liabilities Noninterest-bearing deposits $ 15,823 $ 16,021 Interest-bearing deposits 51,653 49,560 Total deposits 67,476 65,581 Trading liabilities 607 550 Short-term borrowings 3,254 3,400 Term borrowings 1,321 1,195 Other liabilities 2,076 2,315 Total liabilities 74,734 73,041 Equity Preferred stock, Non-cumulative perpetual, no par value; authorized 5,000,000 shares; issued 8,750 and 16,750 shares, respectively 349 426 Common stock, $ 0.625 par value; authorized 700,000,000 shares; issued 484,825,395 and 524,280,412 shares, respectively 303 328 Capital surplus 3,974 4,808 Retained earnings 5,031 4,382 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net ( 810 ) ( 1,128 ) FHN shareholders' equity 8,847 8,816 Noncontrolling interest 295 295 Total equity 9,142 9,111 Total liabilities and equity $ 83,876 $ 82,152 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 91 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Consolidated Statements of Income Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions, except per share data; shares in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Interest income Interest and fees on loans and leases $ 3,698 $ 3,874 $ 3,575 Interest and fees on loans held for sale 34 36 51 Interest on investment securities 282 241 247 Interest on trading securities 91 85 78 Interest on other earning assets 81 116 149 Total interest income 4,186 4,352 4,100 Interest expense Interest on deposits 1,339 1,620 1,266 Interest on trading liabilities 26 24 12 Interest on short-term borrowings 121 130 210 Interest on term borrowings 78 67 72 Total interest expense 1,564 1,841 1,560 Net interest income 2,622 2,511 2,540 Provision for credit losses 65 150 260 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 2,557 2,361 2,280 Noninterest income Fixed income 206 187 133 Deposit transactions and cash management 169 176 179 Brokerage, management fees and commissions 105 101 90 Card and digital banking fees 74 77 77 Other service charges and fees 60 51 54 Trust services and investment management 51 48 47 Mortgage banking income 43 35 23 Gain on merger termination 225 Securities gains (losses), net 1 ( 89 ) ( 4 ) Other income 88 93 103 Total noninterest income 797 679 927 Noninterest expense Personnel expense 1,159 1,137 1,100 Net occupancy expense 139 130 123 Computer software 138 121 111 Operations services 96 94 87 Legal and professional fees 86 64 49 Advertising and public relations 54 48 71 Deposit insurance expense 42 64 122 Contract employment and outsourcing 38 51 49 Amortization of intangible assets 38 44 47 Contributions 26 18 61 Other expense 258 264 259 Total noninterest expense 2,074 2,035 2,079 Income before income taxes 1,280 1,005 1,128 Income tax expense 282 211 212 Net income $ 998 $ 794 $ 916 92 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 16 19 19 Net income attributable to controlling interest $ 982 $ 775 $ 897 Preferred stock dividends 26 37 32 Net income available to common shareholders $ 956 $ 738 $ 865 Basic earnings per share $ 1.89 $ 1.37 $ 1.58 Diluted earnings per share $ 1.87 $ 1.36 $ 1.54 Weighted average common shares 505,130 540,317 548,410 Diluted average common shares 511,107 544,285 561,732 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 93 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net income $ 998 $ 794 $ 916 Other comprehensive income, net of tax: Net unrealized gains on securities available for sale 270 54 137 Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges 52 ( 14 ) 47 Net unrealized (losses) gains on pension and other postretirement plans ( 4 ) 20 ( 4 ) Other comprehensive income 318 60 180 Comprehensive income 1,316 854 1,096 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest 16 19 19 Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interest $ 1,300 $ 835 $ 1,077 Income tax expense (benefit) of items included in other comprehensive income: Net unrealized gains on securities available for sale $ 88 $ 17 $ 44 Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges 17 ( 5 ) 15 Net unrealized (losses) gains on pension and other postretirement plans ( 1 ) 7 ( 1 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 94 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity Preferred Stock Common Stock (Dollars in millions, except per share data) Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Surplus Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (a) Noncontrolling Interest Total Balance, December 31, 2022 31,686 $ 1,014 537,100,615 $ 336 $ 4,840 $ 3,430 $ ( 1,368 ) $ 295 $ 8,547 Adjustment to reflect adoption of ASU 2022-02 4 4 Net income 897 19 916 Other comprehensive income 180 180 Cash dividends declared: Preferred stock ( 32 ) ( 32 ) Common stock ($ 0.60 per share) ( 335 ) ( 335 ) Preferred stock conversion ( 4,936 ) ( 494 ) ( 494 ) Common stock repurchased ( 806,360 ) ( 1 ) ( 9 ) ( 10 ) Common stock issued for: Stock options exercised and restricted stock awards 2,801,663 5 5 Series G preferred stock conversion 19,742,776 12 481 493 Stock-based compensation expense 2 34 36 Dividends declared - noncontrolling interest of subsidiary preferred stock ( 19 ) ( 19 ) Balance, December 31, 2023 26,750 520 558,838,694 349 5,351 3,964 ( 1,188 ) 295 9,291 Adjustment to reflect adoption of ASU 2023-02 8 8 Net income 775 19 794 Other comprehensive income 60 60 Cash dividends declared: Preferred stock ( 29 ) ( 29 ) Common stock ($ 0.60 per share) ( 329 ) ( 329 ) Series D preferred stock redemption ( 10,000 ) ( 94 ) ( 6 ) ( 100 ) Excise tax on preferred stock redemption ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Common stock repurchased (b) ( 39,202,433 ) ( 25 ) ( 601 ) ( 626 ) Excise tax on common stock repurchased ( 6 ) ( 6 ) Common stock issued for: Stock options exercised and restricted stock awards 4,644,151 1 8 9 Stock-based compensation expense 3 56 59 Dividends declared - noncontrolling interest of subsidiary preferred stock ( 19 ) ( 19 ) Balance, December 31, 2024 16,750 426 524,280,412 328 4,808 4,382 ( 1,128 ) 295 9,111 Net income 982 16 998 Other comprehensive income 318 318 Cash dividends declared: Preferred stock ( 23 ) ( 23 ) Common stock ($ 0.60 per share) ( 307 ) ( 307 ) Series B preferred stock redemption ( 8,000 ) ( 77 ) ( 3 ) ( 80 ) Common stock repurchased (b) ( 43,442,126 ) ( 27 ) ( 891 ) ( 918 ) Excise tax on common stock repurchased ( 8 ) ( 8 ) Common stock issued for: Stock options exercised and restricted stock awards 3,987,109 6 6 Stock-based compensation expense 2 59 61 Dividends declared - noncontrolling interest of subsidiary preferred stock ( 16 ) ( 16 ) Balance, December 31, 2025 8,750 $ 349 484,825,395 $ 303 $ 3,974 $ 5,031 $ ( 810 ) $ 295 $ 9,142 (a) Due to the nature of the preferred stock issued by FHN and its subsidiaries, all components of other comprehensive income (loss) have been attributed solely to FHN as the controlling interest holder. (b) 2025 and 2024 include $ 894 million and $ 604 million, respectively, repurchased under FHN's general purchase programs. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 95 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income $ 998 $ 794 $ 916 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses 65 150 260 Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 49 ( 17 ) 44 Depreciation and amortization of premises and equipment 56 55 55 Amortization of intangible assets 38 44 47 Net other amortization (accretion) ( 30 ) 2 Net decrease in trading securities (a) 530 1,011 1,163 Net (increase) decrease in derivatives 5 ( 2 ) ( 314 ) Stock-based compensation expense 61 59 36 Securities (gains) losses, net ( 1 ) 89 4 Loans held for sale: Purchases and originations ( 3,077 ) ( 2,758 ) ( 2,295 ) Gross proceeds from settlements and sales 2,187 1,792 1,183 Gain due to fair value adjustments and other ( 19 ) ( 75 ) ( 12 ) Other operating activities, net ( 234 ) 124 212 Total adjustments ( 370 ) 474 383 Net cash provided by operating activities 628 1,268 1,299 Investing Activities Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale 1,155 Proceeds from payments on securities available for sale 957 831 856 Purchases of securities available for sale ( 874 ) ( 1,538 ) ( 261 ) Proceeds from payments on securities held to maturity 57 57 53 Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment 3 8 1 Purchases of premises and equipment ( 33 ) ( 44 ) ( 37 ) Proceeds from BOLI 24 13 14 Net increase in loans and leases ( 1,647 ) ( 1,337 ) ( 3,303 ) Net decrease (increase) in interest-bearing deposits with banks 413 ( 209 ) 56 Other investing activities, net 6 6 16 Net cash used in investing activities ( 1,094 ) ( 1,058 ) ( 2,605 ) Financing Activities Common stock: Stock options exercised 6 9 5 Cash dividends paid ( 314 ) ( 332 ) ( 335 ) Repurchase of shares ( 918 ) ( 626 ) ( 10 ) Preferred stock: Preferred stock redemption ( 80 ) ( 100 ) Cash dividends paid - preferred stock - noncontrolling interest ( 16 ) ( 19 ) ( 17 ) Cash dividends paid - preferred stock ( 26 ) ( 29 ) ( 32 ) Net increase (decrease) in deposits 1,894 ( 201 ) 2,289 Net (decrease) increase in short-term borrowings ( 146 ) 851 43 Proceeds from issuance of term borrowings 513 16 Repayment of term borrowings ( 366 ) ( 6 ) ( 450 ) (Decreases) increases in secured borrowings ( 23 ) 33 1 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 524 ( 404 ) 1,494 96 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 58 ( 194 ) 188 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 1,537 1,731 1,543 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 1,595 $ 1,537 $ 1,731 Supplemental Disclosures Total interest paid $ 1,584 $ 1,869 $ 1,428 Total taxes paid 62 106 123 Total taxes refunded 2 7 19 Transfer from loans to OREO 5 3 4 Transfer from loans HFS to trading securities 1,053 992 1,212 Transfer from loans HFS to loans 1 Preferred stock conversion to common stock 493 (a) Includes transfers from loans HFS to trading securities. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 97 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents NOTE 1 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Accounting The consolidated financial statements of FHN, including its subsidiaries, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and follow general practices within the industries in which it operates. This preparation requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates and assumptions are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements and could differ from actual results. Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of FHN and other entities in which it has a controlling financial interest. Variable interest entities for which FHN or a subsidiary has been determined to be the primary beneficiary are also consolidated. Affiliates for which FHN is not considered the primary beneficiary and in which FHN does not have a controlling financial interest are accounted for under the equity method. These investments are included in other assets, and FHN s proportionate share of income or loss is included in noninterest income. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Revenues Revenue is recognized when the performance obligations under the terms of a contract with a client are satisfied in an amount that reflects the consideration to which FHN expects to be entitled. FHN derives a significant portion of its revenues from fee-based services. Noninterest income from transaction-based fees is generally recognized immediately upon completion of the transaction. Noninterest income from service-based fees is generally recognized over the period in which FHN provides the service. Any services performed over time generally require that FHN render services each reporting period and, therefore, FHN measures progress in completing these services based upon the passage of time and recognizes revenue for the elapsed portion of the service period. Following is a discussion of FHN's key revenues within the scope of ASC 606, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," except as noted. Fixed Income Fixed income includes fixed income securities sales, trading, and strategies, as well as loan sales and derivative sales, which are not within the scope of revenue from contracts with customers. Fixed income also includes investment banking fees earned for services related to underwriting debt securities and fees for performing portfolio advisory services. FHN's performance obligation for underwriting services is satisfied on the trade date, while the performance obligation for advisory services is satisfied over time. Deposit Transactions and Cash Management Deposit transactions and cash management activities include fees for services related to consumer and commercial deposit products (such as service charges on checking accounts), cash management products and services such as electronic transaction processing (Automated Clearing House and Electronic Data Interchange), account reconciliation services, cash vault services, lockbox processing, and information reporting to large corporate clients. FHN's obligation for transaction-based services is satisfied at the time of the transaction when the service is delivered, while FHN's obligation for service-based fees is satisfied over the course of each month. Brokerage, Management Fees and Commissions Brokerage, management fees and commissions include fees for portfolio management, trade commissions, and annuity and mutual fund sales. Asset-based management fees are charged based on the market value of the client s assets. The services associated with these revenues, which include investment advice and active management of client assets, are generally performed and recognized over a month or quarter. Transactional revenues are based on the size and number of transactions executed at the client s direction and are generally recognized on the trade date. Card and Digital Banking Fees Card and digital banking fees include credit interchange and network revenues and various card-related fees. Interchange income is recognized concurrently with the delivery of services on a daily basis. Card-related fees such as late fees, currency conversion, and cash advance fees are loan-related and excluded from the scope of ASC 606. Trust Services and Investment Management Trust services and investment management fees include investment management, personal trust, employee benefits, and custodial trust services. Obligations for trust services are generally satisfied over time but may be satisfied at points in time for certain activities that are transactional in nature. Mortgage Banking Income Mortgage banking income is associated with 1) the sale of loans, 2) the settlement of derivatives, 3) changes in the fair value of loans, derivatives, and servicing rights, and 4) 98 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents NOTE 1 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES the servicing of loans. These revenues are not within the scope of revenue from contracts with customers. Contract Balances As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, accounts receivable related to products and services on noninterest income were $ 13 million and $ 14 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2025, FHN had no material impairment losses on noninterest accounts receivable, and there were no material contract assets, contract liabilities, or deferred contract costs recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025. Credit risk is assessed on these accounts receivable each reporting period, and the amount of estimated uncollectible receivables is not material. Transaction Price Allocated to Remaining Performance Obligations For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue recognized from performance obligations related to prior periods was not material. Revenue expected to be recognized in any future year related to remaining performance obligations, excluding revenue pertaining to contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less and contracts where revenue is recognized as invoiced, is not material. Refer to Note 19 - Business Segment Information for a reconciliation of disaggregated revenue by major product line and reportable segment. Statements of Cash Flows For purposes of these statements, cash and due from banks, federal funds sold, and securities purchased under agreements to resell are considered cash and cash equivalents. Federal funds are usually sold for one-day periods, and securities purchased under agreements to resell are short-term, highly liquid investments. Interest-Bearing Deposits With Banks Interest-bearing deposits with banks primarily consist of funds on deposit with the Federal Reserve and collateral posted with derivative counterparties. Interest is earned at overnight rates. Debt Investment Securities Debt securities that may be sold prior to maturity are classified as AFS and are carried at fair value. The unrealized gains and losses on debt securities AFS, including securities for which no credit impairment exists, are excluded from earnings and are reported, net of tax, as a component of other comprehensive income within shareholders equity and the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). Debt securities which management has the intent and ability to hold to maturity are reported at amortized cost. See Note 23 - Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities for additional information. Realized gains and losses (i.e., from sales) for debt investment securities are determined by the specific identification method and reported in noninterest income. The evaluation of credit risk for HTM debt securities mirrors the process described below for loans held for investment. AFS debt securities are reviewed for potential credit impairment at the individual security level. The evaluation of credit risk includes consideration of third-party and government guarantees (both explicit and implicit), senior or subordinated status, credit ratings of the issuer, the effects of interest rate changes since purchase, and observable market information such as issuer-specific credit spreads. Credit losses for AFS debt securities are recognized through establishment of an allowance for credit losses that cannot exceed the amount by which amortized cost exceeds fair value. Charge-offs are recorded as reductions of the security s amortized cost and the credit allowance. Subsequent improvements in estimated credit losses result in reduction of the credit allowance, but not beyond zero. However, if FHN has the intent to sell or if it is more likely than not that it will be compelled to sell a security with an unrecognized loss, the difference between the security's carrying value and fair value is recognized through earnings and a new amortized cost basis is established for the security (i.e., no allowance for credit losses is recognized). FHN has elected to exclude accrued interest receivable from the fair value and amortized cost basis on debt securities when assessing whether these securities have experienced credit impairment. Additionally, FHN has elected to not measure an allowance for credit losses on AIR for debt securities based on its policy to write off uncollectible interest in a timely manner, which generally occurs when delinquency reaches no more than 90 days for all security types. Any such write-offs are recognized as a reduction of interest income. AIR for debt securities is included within other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Equity Investments Equity investments include FRB stock, FHLB stock, and other equity investments, and are classified within other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Ownership of FRB and FHLB stock is a requirement for all banks seeking membership into and access to the services provided. FRB and FHLB stock are recorded at cost and are subject to impairment reviews. Other equity investments primarily consist of mutual funds, which are marked to fair value through earnings, and equity investments without a readily determinable fair value, which are recorded at cost minus impairment, with adjustments through earnings for observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. Dividends received on equity investments are included within other noninterest income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 99 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Table of Contents NOTE 1 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Federal Funds Sold and Purchased Federal funds sold and purchased represent unsecured overnight funding arrangements between participants in the Federal Reserve system primarily to assist banks in meeting their regulatory cash reserve requirements. Federal funds sold are evaluated for credit risk each reporting period. Due to the short duration of each transaction and the history of no credit losses, no credit loss has been recognized. Securities Purchased Under Agreements to Resell and Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase FHN purchases short-term securities under agreements to resell, which are accounted for as collateralized financings except where FHN does not have an agreement to sell the same or substantially the same securities before maturity at a fixed or determinable price. All of FHN s securities purchased under agreements to resell are recognized as collateralized financings. Securities delivered under these transactions are delivered to either the dealer custody account at the FRB or to the applicable counterparty. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are offered to cash management clients as an automated, collateralized investment account. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are also used by the consumer or commercial bank to obtain favorable borrowing rates on its purchased funds. All of FHN's securities sold under agreements to repurchase are secured borrowings. Collateral is valued daily and FHN may require counterparties to deposit additional securities or cash as collateral, or FHN may return cash or securities pr