=== FHN_2026-02-26.htm.gz ===
Item 1A beginning on page 24 . Key Cybersecurity Risk Management Goals Cybersecurity risk management has two primary goals: defend FHN and its clients from fraudulent and other unauthorized incursions; and, when an incursion happens, detect and respond as soon as practical. The optimal cybersecurity program will defend as much as is practical while also detecting rapidly those incursions that get through. Management Structure Key Processes Operational risk, including cybersecurity risk, is overseen by FHN's Operational Risk Committee. Members of the Operational Risk Committee include senior-level representatives from across FHN. The Operational Risk Committee reports to FHN's Management Risk Committee, which is headed by FHN's Chief Risk Officer. The IT Information Security Working Group meets quarterly to discuss emerging cyber risks, regulatory changes, vendor risk, audits, and outstanding-issue resolution. The Group also provides updates to the Operational Risk Committee on cybersecurity aspects of compliance, policies, and security standards. The key leaders for these committees, groups, and processes at FHN are the Chief Information Officer and Chief Information Security Officer . The Chief Information Officer has substantial banking, IT, and related experience: has held roles at FHN since 2009 related to IT and data systems, culminating in CIO in 2020; prior to joining FHN, had roles at a large regional bank, including technology leader of the bank's electronic payments platform related to treasury management and enterprise IT architect; and, earned an MS in computer science as well as an MBA. The Chief Information Security Officer who held that position during 2025 had over twenty years of banking, IT, and related experience: oversaw information security and many related systems and processes; established risk-based security programs to meet regulatory requirements and align with business needs; and implemented numerous data protection, data access, and identity management systems. In 2026, FHN appointed a new Chief Information Security Officer who: prior to joining FHN, had roles at two large U.S. banks and a financial services firm; has over twenty-five years of leadership experience in information security, risk management, and technology; directed complex programs in technology strategy, program and project management, business development, application development, and large-scale system implementations; and led the execution of a multi-year enterprise-wide cyber strategy. 72 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents FHN has a written Computer Security Incident Response Plan ("CSIRP") outlining FHN's incident response and communication processes. FHN's Chief Information Security Officer or certain other managers have the authority to initiate the execution of the CSIRP if an incident occurs. A working group called the Computer Security Incident Response Team has primary responsibility to implement or coordinate many of the CSIRP actions, along with FHN's IT Information Security Working Group. Key goals of the CSIRP are to: contain, remediate, and recover; mitigate impact on FHN and clients; report findings to Operational Risk and other senior management; and manage external communications. FHN periodically conducts response readiness exercises, including simulated cyber-attack scenarios, to test the effectiveness of the CSIRP and ensure resources are prepared to execute response actions in real time. FHN engages third-party vendors to conduct several periodic cybersecurity reviews: Network Penetration testing; Cyber Security Maturity Assessment; Red Team (simulated cyber-attack) testing; SOX (financial reporting controls and data integrity) testing; and, PCI-DSS (proprietary data security standard for payment systems) attestation of compliance and SOC 1 Type II reports (attesting to the design and operation of cybersecurity systems) for lockbox and electronic bill pay. The frequency of these reviews ranges from several times per year to every three years. FHN also has a cybersecurity incident specialty firm on retainer for incident response, as needed. FHN has a dedicated Third-Party Risk Management ("TPRM") department which oversees third party vendors and reports up through the Chief Risk Officer. Among other responsibilities, TPRM engages the IT Risk and Control Team to perform cybersecurity assessments for new vendors during onboarding, re-assessments of existing vendors on a risk-based cadence, and continuous monitoring of critical third parties. Board Oversight The Board's Risk Committee oversees all risk management functions for the enterprise, including operational risk, which encompasses cybersecurity risk. The Risk Committee, as well as the full Board, each quarter receives a risk management update from FHN's Chief Risk Officer. Each update includes a written presentation covering all major operational risk areas, including cybersecurity risk. Tactical, Operational Other Impacts FHN conducts mandatory cybersecurity training for associates and offers best practices and training programs for clients to enhance awareness and effectively combat cyber threats. FHN also actively engages in partnerships with leading cybersecurity firms and participates in industry groups to enhance security measures and intelligence sharing. FHN invests in technological capabilities that improve speed and efficiency in combating cyber risks and implements advanced detection tools and software for early identification and mitigation of threats. The measures FHN takes to manage cybersecurity risk affect how associates and clients use FHN's platforms and systems. For every safeguard considered or implemented, FHN must weigh potential and actual inconveniences against security concerns. Practical realities make it impossible to maximize security and ignore resulting restrictions on the ability of associates and clients to conduct banking and financial business. Primarily for that reason, cybersecurity risks are and will be a major risk management concern, and losses from incursions will be impossible to avoid. As mentioned above, FHN's goals are to prevent what can be prevented, and detect and respond to incursions that get through as quickly as possible. For those incursions that are not blocked, FHN's processes are designed to detect them quickly enough so that the financial and operational impact on FHN is zero or modest. But the risk of a major incursion occurring cannot be reduced to zero. A major incursion could have a material financial impact on FHN's business operations and earnings. Compliance Risk Management Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial or other loss that the Company may suffer as a result of its failure to operate in a safe and sound manner, failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, related self-regulatory organization standards, and codes of conduct applicable to its financial services activities. Management, measurement, and reporting of compliance risk are overseen by the Compliance Risk Committee and other key Corporate Governance Committees. Summary reports of Committee activities and decisions are provided to the appropriate Board governance committees. Credit Risk Management Credit risk is the risk of loss due to adverse changes in a borrower s or counterparty s ability or willingness to meet its financial obligations under agreed upon terms. FHN is subject to credit risk in lending, trading, investing, 73 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents liquidity/funding, and asset management activities although lending activities have the most exposure to credit risk. The nature and amount of credit risk depends on the types of transactions, the structure of those transactions, collateral received, the use of guarantors and the parties involved. FHN assesses and manages credit risk through a series of policies, processes, measurement systems, and controls. The Credit Risk Management Committee ("CRMC") is responsible for overseeing the management of existing and emerging credit risks in the company within the broad risk tolerances established by the Board. The CRMC reports through the Management Risk Committee. The Credit Risk Management function, which is shared by the Chief Credit Officer and Chief Risk Officer, provides strategic and tactical credit leadership by maintaining policies, overseeing credit approval, assessing new credit products, strategies and processes, and managing portfolio composition and performance. While the Credit Risk function oversees FHN s credit risk management, there is significant coordination between the business lines and the Credit Risk function in order to manage FHN s credit risk and maintain strong asset quality. The Credit Risk function recommends portfolio industry/sector and individual country limits to the Risk Committee of the Board for approval. Adherence to these approved limits is vigorously monitored by Credit Risk which provides recommendations to slow or cease lending to the business lines as commitments near established lending limits. Credit Risk also ensures subject matter experts are providing oversight, support and credit approvals, particularly in the specialty and wholesale lending areas where industry-specific knowledge is required. Management emphasizes general portfolio servicing such that emerging risks are able to be spotted early enough to correct potential deficiencies, prevent further credit deterioration, and mitigate credit losses. The Credit Risk Management function assesses the asset quality trends and results, as well as lending processes, adherence to underwriting guidelines (portfolio-specific underwriting guidelines are discussed further in the Asset Quality Trends section), and utilizes this information to inform management regarding the current state of credit quality and as a factor in the estimation process for determining the allowance for credit losses. The CRMC reviews on a periodic basis various reports issued by assurance functions which provide an independent assessment of the adequacy of loan servicing, grading accuracy, and other key functions. Additionally, CRMC is presented with and discusses various portfolios, lending activity and lending-related projects. All of the above activities are subject to independent review by FHN s Credit Assurance Services Group ("CAS"). CAS reports to the CAS Director who is appointed by and reports functionally to the Risk Committee of the Board (and administratively to the Chief Audit Executive) and provides quarterly reports to that Committee. CAS is charged with providing the Risk Committee of the Board and executive management with independent, objective, and timely assessments of FHN s portfolio quality, credit policies, and credit risk management processes. Liquidity Risk Management Among other things, ALCO is responsible for liquidity management: the funding of assets with liabilities of appropriate duration, while mitigating the risk of unexpected cash needs. ALCO and the Board of Directors have adopted a Liquidity Policy with the objective of ensuring that FHN meets its cash and collateral obligations promptly, in a cost-effective manner, and with the highest degree of reliability. The maintenance of adequate levels of asset and liability liquidity should provide FHN with the ability to meet both expected and unexpected cash and collateral needs. Key liquidity ratios, asset liquidity levels, and the amount available from funding sources are reported to ALCO on a regular basis. FHN s Liquidity Policy establishes liquidity limits that are deemed appropriate for FHN s risk profile. In accordance with the Liquidity Policy, ALCO manages FHN s exposure to liquidity risk through forecasts of its liquidity position and funding needs. Base liquidity forecasts are reviewed by ALCO and are updated as financial conditions dictate. In addition to the baseline liquidity reports, stress testing of assumptions and funds availability is periodically conducted. FHN maintains a contingency funding plan that may be executed should unexpected difficulties arise in accessing funding that affects FHN, the industry, or both. As of December 31, 2025, available liquidity sources included cash, incremental borrowing capacity at the FHLB, access to Federal Reserve Bank borrowings through the discount window, and unencumbered securities. Additional sources of liquidity included dealer and commercial customer repurchase agreements, access to Federal Funds markets, brokered deposits, loan sales, and syndications. The table below details FHN s sources of available liquidity as of December 31, 2025. 74 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents Table 7.29 AVAILABLE LIQUIDITY as of December 31, 2025 (Dollars in millions) Total Capacity Outstanding Borrowings Available Liquidity Cash on deposit with FRB (a) $ 1,035 $ $ 1,035 FHLB 9,356 50 9,306 Discount Window 21,169 21,169 Unencumbered securities (b) 1,069 1,069 Total available liquidity $ 32,579 (a) Included in interest-bearing deposits with banks on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. (b) Subject to market haircuts on collateral. Generally, a primary source of funding for a bank is core deposits from the bank's client base. The period-end loans-to-deposits ratio was 95% as of both December 31, 2025 and 2024. FHN may also use unsecured short-term borrowings as a source of liquidity. Federal funds purchased from correspondent bank clients are considered to be substantially more stable than funds purchased in the national broker markets for federal funds due to the long, historical, and reciprocal nature of banking services provided by FHN to these correspondent banks. The remainder of FHN s wholesale short-term borrowings consists of securities sold under agreements to repurchase transactions accounted for as secured borrowings with business clients or broker-dealer counterparties. Both FHN and First Horizon Bank have the ability to generate liquidity by issuing senior or subordinated unsecured debt, preferred equity, and common equity, subject to market conditions and compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. During first quarter 2025, FHN issued $500 million of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Senior Notes. FHN retired $350 million in senior notes during second quarter 2025. As of December 31, 2025, FHN had outstanding $946 million in senior and subordinated unsecured debt and $349 million in non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock. FHN redeemed all outstanding shares of its Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock during third quarter 2025. Refer to Note 11 - Preferred Stock to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report for additional information. As of December 31, 2025, First Horizon Bank and subsidiaries had outstanding preferred shares of $295 million, which are reflected as noncontrolling interest on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Parent company liquidity is primarily provided by cash flows stemming from dividends and interest payments collected from subsidiaries. These sources of cash represent the primary sources of funds to pay cash dividends to shareholders and principal and interest to debt holders of FHN. The amount paid to the parent company through First Horizon Bank common dividends is managed as part of FHN s overall cash management process, subject to applicable regulatory restrictions. Certain regulatory restrictions exist regarding the ability of First Horizon Bank to transfer funds to FHN in the form of cash, common dividends, loans, or advances. At any given time, the pertinent portions of those regulatory restrictions allow First Horizon Bank to declare preferred or common dividends without prior regulatory approval in an aggregate amount equal to First Horizon Bank s retained net income for the two most recently completed years plus the current year-to-date period. For any period, First Horizon Bank s "retained net income" generally is equal to First Horizon Bank s regulatory net income reduced by the preferred and common dividends declared by First Horizon Bank. Applying the dividend restrictions imposed under applicable federal and state rules as outlined above, the Bank s total amount available for dividends was $88 million as of January 1, 2026. Consequently, on that date the Bank could pay common dividends up to that amount to its sole common shareholder, FHN, or to its preferred shareholders without prior regulatory approval. Additionally, a capital conservation buffer must be maintained (as described in the Capital section of this Report) to avoid restrictions on dividends. First Horizon Bank declared and paid common dividends to the parent company in the amount of $1.0 billion in 2025 and $1.1 billion in 2024. In January 2026, First Horizon Bank declared and paid a common dividend to the parent company in the amount of $50 million. First Horizon Bank declared and paid preferred dividends in each quarter of 2025 and 2024. Additionally, First Horizon Bank declared preferred dividends in first quarter 2026, payable in April 2026. Payment of a dividend to shareholders of FHN is dependent on several factors which are considered by the Board. These factors include FHN s current and prospective capital, liquidity, and other needs, applicable regulatory restrictions (including capital conservation buffer requirements) and availability of funds to FHN through a dividend from First Horizon Bank. Additionally, banking regulators generally require insured banks and bank holding companies to pay cash dividends only out of current operating earnings. Consequently, the decision of whether FHN will pay future dividends and the amount of dividends will be affected by current operating results. FHN paid a cash dividend of $0.15 per common share on January 2, 2026. FHN paid cash dividends of $1,625 per Series E preferred share and $1,175 per Series F preferred share on January 12, 2026 and $165 per Series C preferred share on February 2, 2026. In addition, in January 2026, the Board approved cash dividends per share in the following amounts: 75 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents Table 7.30 CASH DIVIDENDS APPROVED BUT NOT PAID Dividend/Share Record Date Payment Date Common Stock $ 0.17 3/13/2026 4/1/2026 Preferred Stock Series C $ 165.00 4/16/2026 5/1/2026 Series E $ 1,625.00 3/26/2026 4/10/2026 Series F $ 1,175.00 3/26/2026 4/10/2026 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements In the normal course of business, FHN is a party to a number of activities that contain credit, market and operational risk that are not reflected in whole or in part in the consolidated financial statements. Such activities include traditional off-balance sheet credit-related financial instruments. FHN enters into commitments to extend credit to borrowers, including loan commitments, lines of credit, standby letters of credit, and commercial letters of credit. Many of the commitments are expected to expire unused or be only partially used; therefore, the total amount of commitments does not necessarily represent future cash requirements and are not included in the table below. Based on its available liquidity and available borrowing capacity, FHN anticipates it will continue to have sufficient funds to meet its current commitments. See Note 16 - Contingencies and Other Disclosures to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report for more information. Contractual Obligations The following table sets forth contractual obligations representing required and potential cash outflows as of December 31, 2025. Purchase obligations represent obligations under agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on FHN and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. Table 7.31 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS as of December 31, 2025 Payments due by period (a) Less than 1 year - 3 years - After 5 (Dollars in millions) 1 year 3 years 5 years years Total Contractual obligations: Time deposit maturities (b) (c) $ 6,037 $ 397 $ 45 $ 6 $ 6,485 Short-term borrowings (b) (d) 3,861 3,861 Term borrowings (b) (e) 450 889 1,339 Annual rental commitments under noncancelable leases (b) (f) 45 94 79 243 461 Purchase obligations 261 266 61 21 609 Total contractual obligations $ 10,204 $ 757 $ 635 $ 1,159 $ 12,755 (a) Excludes a $12 million liability for unrecognized tax benefits as the timing of payment cannot be reasonably estimated. (b) Amounts do not include interest. (c) See Note 8 - Deposits for further details. (d) See Note 9 - Short-Term Borrowings for further details. (e) See Note 10 - Term Borrowings for further details. (f) See Note 5 - Premises, Equipment, and Leases for further details. 76 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents Credit Ratings FHN is currently able to fund a majority of the balance sheet through core deposits, which are generally not directly tied to FHN s credit ratings as are other types of funding. However, maintaining adequate credit ratings on debt issuances and preferred stock is critical to liquidity should FHN need to access funding from other sources, including from long-term debt issuances and certain brokered deposits, at an attractive rate. The availability and cost of funds other than core deposits is also dependent upon marketplace perceptions of the financial soundness of FHN, which include such factors as capital levels, asset quality, and reputation. The availability of core deposit funding is stabilized by federal deposit insurance, which can be removed only in extraordinary circumstances, but may also be influenced to some extent by the same factors that affect other funding sources. FHN s credit ratings are also referenced in various respects in agreements with certain derivative counterparties as discussed in Note 21 - Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. The following table provides FHN s most recent credit ratings. Table 7.32 CREDIT RATINGS Moody's (a) Fitch (b) First Horizon Corporation Overall credit rating: Long-term/Short-term/Outlook Baa3/--/Positive BBB+/F2/Stable Long-term senior debt Baa3 BBB+ Subordinated debt (c) Baa3 BBB+ Junior subordinated debt (c) Ba1 BB Preferred stock Ba2 BB First Horizon Bank Overall credit rating: Long-term/Short-term/Outlook Baa3/P-2/Positive BBB+/F2/Stable Long-term/short-term deposits A3/P-2 A-/F2 Long-term/short-term senior debt (c) Baa3/P-2 BBB+/F2 Subordinated debt Baa3 BBB Preferred stock Ba2 BB FT Real Estate Securities Company, Inc. Preferred stock Ba1 A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities and is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. (a) Last change in ratings was on May 14, 2015. Outlook changed to positive ("Positive") on June 11, 2025. (b) Last change in ratings was on October 3, 2024. Outlook changed to stable ("Stable") on May 5, 2023. (c) Ratings are preliminary/implied. Market Uncertainties and Prospective Trends FHN s future results could be affected both positively and negatively by several known trends. Key among those are changes in the U.S. and global economy and outlook, government actions affecting interest rates, and government actions and proposals which could have positive or negative impacts on the economy at large or on certain businesses, industries, or sectors, including changes in fiscal policy and changes in trade policy, such as the imposition of tariffs and related retaliatory responses. Additional risks relate to political uncertainty, changes in federal policies (including those publicly discussed, formally proposed, or recently implemented) and the potential impacts of those changes on our businesses and clients, and whether FHN s strategic initiatives will succeed. In addition to trends and events noted elsewhere in this MD A, FHN believes the following trends and events are noteworthy at this time. 77 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD A) Table of Contents Federal Reserve Policy, the Yield Curve, Recession, Fiscal Trade Policy, Other Events Federal Reserve and Rates The Federal Reserve raised short-term rates several times in 2022 and 2023 to contain strong inflation which began in 2021 and peaked in 2022. The rise in short-term interest rates by the Federal Reserve in 2022 was both rapid and substantial, taking the overnight Fed Funds rate from 0.20% in March 2022 to 5.33% by the fall of 2023. As a result of Federal Reserve rate cuts of 50 basis points in September 2024 and cuts of 25 basis points in both November and December of that year, the overnight Fed Funds fell back to 4.33% by the end of 2024. But despite the Federal Reserve's rapid and vigorous tightening of monetary policy in 2022 and 2023 and limited rate cuts in 2024, measures of inflation still generally remain higher than the Federal Reserve's stated goal of 2%. In each of September, October, and December of 2025, the Federal Reserve announced 25 basis point cuts in the Fed Funds rate, lowering the target range to 3.50% to 3.75%, but in January 2026 the Federal Reserve decided to hold the target range steady. In its statement announcing its January decision to maintain the target range, the Federal Reserve noted that economic activity had been expanding at a solid pace and the unemployment rate showed signs of stabilization, but inflation remained somewhat elevated. Looking ahead to 2026, market consensus points to the possibility of two additional 25 basis point cuts, contingent on inflation trends and broader economic conditions. FHN continues to closely monitor economic developments and assess potential exposures. FHN cannot predict when or how much short-term rates will be changed, how market-driven long-term rates will behave, or how those actions may affect economic or business conditions or financial markets. Yield Curve Historically, the yield curve is usually upward sloping (higher rates for longer terms and lower rates for shorter terms). However, the yield curve can be relatively flat or inverted (downward sloping). Inversion normally is rare but has happened several times in the past, including most recently, from the summer of 2022 until September 2024. Since the fall of 2024, the yield curve has continued to modestly steepen. Yield curve flattening and inversion generally reduce the profit FHN can make from lending by compressing FHN's net interest margin ("NIM"), and also generally reduce FHN's revenues from its fixed income bond trading. Both of those impacts occurred from 2022 through 2024, with fluctuations. During each quarter of 2025, net interest margin consistently exceeded the level of the comparable quarter in 2024, as the yield curve maintained its more typical upward slope, while fixed income bond trading revenues fluctuated during the year due to changing market conditions with revenue from bond trading and related activities showing improvement in the first, third and fourth quarters, but declining in the second quarter due to less favorable market conditions. While NIM for 2025 as a whole expanded as compared with 2024, quarterly results for 2025 varied with strong quarter-to-quarter expansions of NIM in the first and third quarters and small quarter-to-quarter declines in the second and fourth quarters. FHN cannot predict whether these trends will continue. Other Impacts on FHN of Rate Actions Rate increases pushed home mortgage rates in the U.S. much higher in 2022 and 2023, reducing demand. FHN's direct mortgage lending and lending to mortgage companies saw business decline significantly in 2022 and 2023. Mortgage rates have modestly abated since 2023 and FHN's mortgage business has seen improvement, but rates have remained elevated. However, the negative impacts of these higher rates have been offset by gains in market share. Changes in interest rates and interest rate policy could have a material impact on our business and financial results. Recession The U.S. economy contracted (experienced negative growth) during the first two quarters of 2022, in both cases modestly. Although the occurrence of two consecutive quarters of contraction often coincides with recession, in 2022, it did not. The economy has expanded in each quarter since then, except for a slight decline in the first quarter of 2025 before expansion resumed in the second quarter of 2025. The expansion rate has varied without a sustained trend. Recession expectations have moderated significantly since 2023, but recession still remains possible. 2023 Banking Crisis In 2023, three large regional U.S. banks failed after sudden large deposit outflows. In the aftermath of these failures, bank investors and clients across the U.S. became more focused on deposit mix, funding risk management, and other safety-soundness concerns. Most U.S. banks saw abrupt net outflows of deposits in the spring of 2023 following the failures. Most have since recouped those deposits, mainly by offering higher interest rates. In 2024, competition for deposits was quite intense. Increased competition for deposits has continued in 2025 and could continue throughout the remainder of 2026. Fiscal Policy Fiscal policy (spending and taxation) directly affects U.S. government annual deficits or surpluses, along with the size and trajectory of the national debt. Fiscal policy often has a significant impact on the U.S. economy. The changes 78 2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION ANALYSIS (MD 