=== HST_2026-02-25.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors For an enterprise as large and complex as we are, a wide range of factors could materially affect future results and performance. The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Financial Risks and Risks of Operation Our revenues and the value of our hotels are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry. The performance of the lodging industry traditionally has been affected by the strength of the general economy and, specifically, growth in gross domestic product. Because lodging industry demand typically follows the general economy, the lodging industry is highly cyclical, which contributes to potentially large fluctuations in our financial condition and our results of operations. Changes in travel patterns of both business and leisure travelers, particularly during periods of economic contraction or low levels of economic growth, may create difficulties for the industry over the long-term and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, the majority of our hotels are classified as luxury or upper upscale and generally target business and high-end leisure travelers. In periods of economic difficulties, certain business and leisure travelers may seek to reduce travel costs by limiting travel or seeking to reduce the cost of their trips. Consequently, our hotels may be more susceptible to a decrease in revenues during an economic downturn, as compared to hotels in other categories that have lower room rates. Other circumstances affecting the lodging industry which may affect our performance and the forecasts we make include: • the effect on lodging demand of changes in national and local economic and business conditions, including concerns about U.S. economic growth, unemployment rates, and the potential for an economic recession in the United States or globally, or as a result of recent economic uncertainty due to trade disputes, tariffs, and other protection measures, the recent high level of inflation, elevated interest rates, global economic prospects, consumer confidence and the value of the U.S. dollar; • factors that may shape public perception of travel to a particular location, including natural disasters, such as the Maui wildfires in 2023 and Southern California wildfires in 2025, extreme weather events, such as Hurricane Ian in 2022 and Hurricanes Helene and Milton in 2024, or extreme precipitation, pandemics and other public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or the occurrence or potential occurrence of terrorist attacks, all of which will affect occupancy rates at our hotels and the demand for hotel products and services; • risks that U.S. immigration policies and border closings, visa processing times, travel restrictions or advisories, changes in energy prices or changes in foreign exchange rates will continue to suppress 18 Table of Contents international travel to the United States generally or decrease the labor pool, and risks that the current travel imbalance (i.e., elevated international U.S. outbound travel combined with a decrease in inbound travel to the United States) may remain elevated relative to historic levels; • the impact of geopolitical developments outside the U.S., such as large-scale wars or international conflicts, slowing global growth, or trade disputes, tariffs or other trade protection measures between the United States and its trading partners, all of which could cause economic volatility and affect global travel and lodging demand within the United States or result in supply chain disruptions; • volatility in global financial and credit markets, which could materially adversely affect U.S. and global economic conditions, business activity, and lodging demand as well as negatively impact our ability to obtain financing and increase our borrowing costs; • the impact of future U.S. governmental action to address budget deficits through reductions in spending and similar austerity measures, as well as the impact of potential U.S. government shutdowns, such as the shutdown from October 1, 2025 through November 12, 2025, the furlough of federal employees, and potential future disruption resulting from the failure of the U.S. Congress to enact appropriations bills or raise the federal debt ceiling, all of which could reduce the availability of government services and result in the suspension or delay of activities by key agencies that oversee air travel; the occurrence of any of these events may impact government related travel and leisure travel generally due to air traffic delays and the closures of parks or other tourism destinations, resulting in a decrease in demand at our hotels and which could also materially adversely affect U.S. economic conditions, business activity, credit availability and borrowing costs; • operating risks associated with the hotel business, including the effect of labor stoppages or strikes, increasing operating or labor costs, including increased labor costs in the recent inflationary environment, the ability of our managers to adequately staff our hotels as a result of shortages in labor supply, including due to changes in immigration laws or increased enforcement, and severance and furlough payments to hotel employees or changes in workplace rules that affect labor costs; • the ability of our hotels to compete effectively against other lodging businesses in the highly competitive markets in which we operate in areas such as access, location, quality of accommodations and room rate structures; • changes in the desirability of the geographic regions of the hotels in our portfolio or in the travel patterns of hotel customers; • changes in taxes and governmental regulations that influence or set wages, hotel employee health care costs, prices, interest rates or construction and maintenance procedures and costs; and • decreases in the frequency of business travel that may result from hybrid or remote work environments and other changes to business operations, such as alternatives to in-person meetings, including virtual meetings hosted online or over private teleconferencing networks. In addition, the U.S. economy has experienced high rates of inflation, which has increased our operating expenses due to higher wages and costs. The rate of inflation may remain elevated or increase in the future, resulting in further increases to our operating expenses. Although the short-term nature of hotel bookings generally allows our managers to compensate to a certain extent for inflationary effects by increasing room rates at our hotels, sustained inflation could have a negative impact on the demand for lodging. Moreover, an inflationary environment can increase the costs of hotel renovations and the purchasing power of our cash resources can decline, which can have an adverse impact on our business or financial results. In addition, our interest expense has increased due to higher interest rates on the senior notes we issued in 2024 and 2025 We cannot assure you that adverse changes in the general economy or other circumstances that affect the lodging industry will not have an adverse effect on the hotel revenues or earnings at our hotels. Our efforts to mitigate the risks associated with these adverse changes may not be successful and our business and growth could be adversely affected. A reduction in our revenues or earnings because of the above risks may reduce our working capital, impact our long-term business strategy and impact the value of our assets and our ability to meet certain covenants in our existing debt agreements. In addition, we may incur impairment expense in the future, which expense will affect negatively our results of operations. We can provide no assurance that any impairment expense recognized will not be material to our results of operations. 19 Table of Contents In addition to general economic conditions affecting the lodging industry, new hotel room supply is an important factor that can affect the lodging industry’s performance and overbuilding has the potential to further exacerbate the negative impact of an economic downturn. Room rates and occupancy, and thus RevPAR, tend to increase when demand growth exceeds supply growth. A reduction or slowdown in the growth of lodging demand or increased growth in lodging supply could result in returns that are substantially below expectations or result in losses which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability as well as limit or slow our future growth. We depend on external sources of capital for future growth; therefore, any disruption to our ability to access capital at times, and on terms reasonably acceptable to us, may affect adversely our business and results of operations. Since we have elected REIT status, Host Inc. must finance its growth and fund debt repayments largely with external sources of capital because it is required to pay dividends to its stockholders in an amount equal to at least 90% of its taxable income (other than net capital gain) each year to qualify as a REIT. Our ability to access external capital could be hampered by several factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: • price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions in the U.S. and global equity and credit markets; • changes in market perception of our growth potential, including rating agency downgrades by Moody’s Investors Service, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services or Fitch Ratings; if our credit ratings were to be downgraded, our access to capital and the cost of debt financing would be negatively impacted, particularly if we were downgraded to below an investment grade rating; • decreases in our current or estimated future earnings or decreases or fluctuations in the market price of the common stock of Host Inc.; • increases in interest rates; and • the terms of our existing indebtedness, which would restrict our incurrence of additional debt if we were to fall below required covenant levels. The occurrence of any of the above factors, individually or in combination, could prevent us from being able to obtain the external capital we require on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on (i) our ability to finance our future growth and acquire hotels, (ii) our ability to meet our anticipated requirements for working capital, debt service and capital expenditures, and (iii) our results of operations and financial condition. Potential consequences of disruptions in U.S. and global equity and credit markets could include the need to seek alternative sources of capital with less attractive terms, such as more restrictive covenants, shorter maturity and higher costs, which would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity. We operate in a highly competitive industry. The lodging industry is highly competitive. Our principal competitors are other owners and investors in upper upscale and luxury full-service hotels, including other lodging REITs. Our hotels face strong competition for individual guests, group reservations and conference business from major hospitality chains with well-established and recognized brands, as well as from other smaller hotel chains, independent and local hotel owners and operators. Our hotels compete for customers primarily based on brand name recognition and reputation, as well as location, room rates, property size and availability of rooms and conference space, quality of the accommodations, customer satisfaction, amenities and the ability to earn and redeem loyalty program points. New hotel construction adds to supply, creating new competitors, in some cases without corresponding increases in demand for hotel rooms. We also compete for hotel acquisitions with others that have similar investment objectives to ours. This competition could limit the number of investment opportunities that we find suitable for our business. It also may increase the bargaining power of hotel owners seeking to sell to us, making it more difficult for us to acquire new hotels on attractive terms or on the terms contemplated in our business plan. Internet reservation channels remain a source of competition that could adversely affect our business. While a percentage of hotel rooms for individual or “transient” customers are booked through internet travel intermediaries, the brands we work with have enacted strategies to drive consumers directly to their website or reservation platform, although there can be no assurances that those strategies will be successful. Search engines (including generative AI search) and peer-to-peer inventory sources also provide online travel services that compete with our hotels. If bookings shift to higher cost distribution channels, including these internet travel intermediaries, it could materially impact our profitability. Internet travel intermediaries may also target group and convention business, which could divert such business and materially adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 20 Table of Contents There are inherent risks with investments in real estate, including their relative illiquidity. Investments in real estate are inherently illiquid and generally cannot be sold quickly. For this reason, we cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any hotel that we desire to sell for the price or on terms acceptable to us, or the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close on the sale of a hotel. Therefore, we may not be able to vary the composition of our portfolio promptly in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions or dispose of hotels at opportune times or on favorable terms, which may adversely affect our cash flows and our ability to pay dividends to stockholders. In addition, real estate ownership is subject to various risks, including: • government regulations relating to real estate ownership or operations, including tax, environmental, zoning and eminent domain laws; • loss in value of real estate due to changes in market conditions or the area in which it is located or losses in value due to changes in tax laws or increased property tax assessments; • potential civil liability for accidents or other occurrences on owned or leased properties; • the ongoing need for owner-funded capital improvements and expenditures in order to maintain or upgrade hotels; • periodic total or partial closures due to renovations and facility improvements; and • force majeure events, such as natural disasters or extreme weather, which may result in an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits. We have significant indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness. As of December 31, 2025, we and our subsidiaries had total indebtedness of approximately $5.1 billion. Our indebtedness requires us to commit a significant portion of our annual cash flow from operations to debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, dividends and distributions and other general corporate needs. Additionally, our substantial indebtedness could: • make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; • limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or to obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate needs on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or • affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions. If our cash flow and working capital are not sufficient to fund our expenditures or service our indebtedness, we will be required to raise additional funds through sales of common or preferred OP units of Host L.P. or common or preferred stock of Host Inc., the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness by Host L.P. or sales of our assets. We cannot make any assurances that any of these sources of funds will be available to us or, if available, will be on terms that we would find acceptable or in amounts sufficient to meet our obligations or fulfill our business plan. The terms of our indebtedness place restrictions on us and on our subsidiaries, and these restrictions reduce our operational flexibility and create default risks. We are, and may in the future become, party to agreements and instruments that place restrictions on us and on our subsidiaries. For instance, the covenants in the documents governing the terms of our senior notes and our credit facility restrict, among other things, our ability to: • incur additional indebtedness in excess of certain thresholds and without satisfying certain financial metrics; and • under our credit facility, make acquisitions, investments, pay dividends and make distributions without satisfying certain financial metrics concerning leverage, fixed charge coverage and unsecured interest coverage. The restrictive covenants in our senior notes and credit facility may reduce our flexibility in conducting our operations. Failure to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all or a substantial portion of our indebtedness. For a detailed description of the 21 Table of Contents covenants and restrictions imposed by the documents governing our indebtedness, see Part II Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Financial Condition.” Our expenses may not decrease if our revenues decrease. Many of the expenses associated with owning and operating hotels, such as debt-service payments, property taxes, insurance, utilities, and employee wages and benefits, are relatively inflexible. They do not necessarily decrease directly with a reduction in revenues at the hotels and may be subject to increases that are not tied to the performance of our hotels or the increase in the rate of inflation generally. Additionally, certain costs, such as wages, benefits and insurance, may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period. In the event of a significant decrease in demand, our hotel managers may not be able to reduce the size of hotel work forces in order to decrease wages and benefits. Our managers also may be unable to offset any fixed or increased expenses with higher room rates. Any of our efforts to reduce operating costs also could adversely affect the future growth of our business and the value of our hotels. Our acquisition of hotels may have a significant effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations. We routinely are actively engaged in the process of identifying, analyzing and negotiating possible transactions for acquiring hotels. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be successful in consummating future acquisitions on favorable terms or that we will realize the benefits that we anticipate from such acquisitions. Our failure to realize the intended benefits from one or more acquisitions could have a significant adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations. These adverse effects may occur because the performance of the hotel does not support the additional indebtedness and related interest expense that we incurred as a result of the acquisition. In addition, hotels and entities that we have acquired, or may in the future acquire, may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may have no recourse, or only limited recourse, against the sellers. In general, the representations and warranties provided in the transaction agreements may not survive long enough for us to become aware of such liabilities and to seek recourse against our sellers, and indemnification covering representations and warranties often is limited and subject to various materiality thresholds, a significant deductible or an aggregate cap on losses. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches by the sellers of their representations and warranties. We may not achieve the value we anticipate from new hotel developments or value enhancement projects at our existing hotels. We currently are, and in the future may be, involved in the development or redevelopment of hotels, timeshare units or other alternate uses of portions of our existing hotels, including the development of retail, office, condominium or apartments, and including through joint ventures. There are risks inherent in any new development, including: • We may not obtain the zoning, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations necessary to complete the development. A delay in receiving these approvals could affect adversely the returns we expect to receive. • Any new construction involves the possibility of construction delays and cost overruns that may increase project costs, including increased costs due to shortages of supplies as a result of supply chain disruptions, trade disputes tariffs or other trade protection measures, immigration issues and policy changes, labor unrest or shortages, or other inflationary pressures. • Defects in design or construction may result in delays and additional costs to remedy the defect or require a portion of a hotel to be closed during the period required to remedy the defect. • We may not be able to meet the loan covenants in any indebtedness obtained to fund the new development, creating default risks. • Risks related to changes in economic and market conditions between development commencement and property stabilization. Any of the above factors could affect adversely our ability to complete the developments on schedule and consistent with the scope that currently is contemplated, or to achieve the intended value of these projects. 22 Table of Contents We do not control our hotel operations, and we are dependent on the managers of our hotels. To maintain our status as a REIT, we are not permitted to operate or manage any of our hotels. As a result, we, through our taxable REIT subsidiaries, have entered into management agreements with third-party managers to operate our hotels. For this reason, we are unable to directly implement strategic business decisions with respect to the daily operation and marketing of our hotels, such as decisions with respect to the setting of room rates, food and beverage pricing and certain similar matters. Although we consult with our hotel operators with respect to strategic business plans, the hotel operators are under no obligation to implement any of our recommendations with respect to these matters. While we monitor the hotel managers’ performance, we have limited recourse under our management agreements if we believe that the hotel managers are not performing adequately. The cash flow from our hotels may be affected adversely if our managers fail to provide quality services and amenities or if they or their affiliates fail to maintain a quality brand name. Because our management agreements are long-term in nature, we also may not be able to terminate these agreements if we believe the manager is not performing adequately. Failure by our hotel managers to fully perform the duties agreed to in our management agreements or the failure of our managers to adequately manage the risks associated with hotel operations could affect adversely our results of operations. In addition, our hotel managers or their affiliates manage, and in some cases own, have invested in, or provided credit support or operating guarantees, to hotels that compete with our hotels, all of which may result in conflicts of interest. As a result, our hotel managers have in the past made, and may in the future make, decisions regarding competing lodging facilities that are not or would not be in our best interest. Furthermore, our management agreements for our brand managed properties generally have provisions that can restrict our ability to sell, lease or otherwise transfer our hotels, unless the transferee is not a competitor of the manager and the transferee assumes the related management agreements and meets other specified conditions. Our ability to finance or sell our hotels, depending upon the structure of the transactions, may require the manager’s consent. Similarly, decisions with respect to the repositioning of a hotel, such as the outsourcing of food and beverage outlets, also may require the manager’s consent. The hotels managed by Marriott International account for most of our revenues and operating income. Adverse developments in Marriott’s business and affairs or financial condition could have a material adverse effect on us. Approximately 64% of our hotels (as measured by 2025 hotel revenues) are managed or franchised by Marriott International. We rely on Marriott’s personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage and maintain our hotel operations efficiently, effectively, profitably and in compliance with the terms, responsibilities and duties of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. Any adverse developments in Marriott’s business and affairs or financial condition could impair its ability to manage our hotels and could have a material adverse effect on us. We are subject to risks associated with the employment of hotel personnel, particularly with hotels that employ unionized labor. Our third-party managers are responsible for hiring, maintaining and managing the labor force at each of our hotels. We do not directly employ or manage employees at our consolidated hotels (other than employing, but not managing, directing or supervising, the employees at our three hotels in Brazil). However, we remain subject to many of the costs and risks generally associated with the hotel labor force, particularly at those hotels with unionized labor. From time to time, hotel operations may be disrupted because of strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions and publicity. In June 2026, the collective bargaining agreement in New York City will expire. Three of our hotels are subject to the collective bargaining agreement: the New York Marriott Marquis, the New York Marriott Downtown, and 1 Hotel Central Park. Those negotiations potentially could result in disruptions in operations and additional costs. We also may incur increased legal costs and indirect labor costs because of disputes involving our third-party managers and their labor force. The resolution of labor disputes or re-negotiated labor contracts could lead to increased labor costs, which is a significant component of our hotel operating costs, either by increases in wages or benefits or by changes in work rules that raise hotel operating costs. As we are not the employer nor bound by any collective bargaining agreement, we do not negotiate with any labor organization, and it is the responsibility of each hotel’s manager to enter into such labor contracts. Our ability, if any, to have any meaningful impact on the outcome of these negotiations is restricted by and dependent on the management agreement covering a specific hotel and we may have little or no ability to control the outcome of these negotiations. 23 Table of Contents We may be deemed to be a joint employer with our third-party hotel managers under certain new laws, rules and regulations. As noted above, we do not directly employ or manage employees at our consolidated hotels, and our third-party managers are responsible for hiring and managing the labor force at our hotels. Recent legislative proposals introduced in certain states and local jurisdictions have included provisions requiring that hotel owners be deemed an employer of workers at our hotels. Changes in laws or regulations relating to the employer relationship that result in a determination that we are a “joint employer” with our hotel operators could subject us to liability for employment-related and other liabilities of our hotel operators and could cause us to incur other costs that have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our hotels have an ongoing need for renovations and potentially significant capital expenditures in order to remain competitive in the marketplace, to maintain brand standards or to comply with applicable laws or regulations. The timing and costs of such renovations or improvements may result in reduced operating performance during construction and may not improve the return on these investments. We need to make capital expenditures to remain competitive with other hotels, to maintain the economic value of our hotels and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We also are required by our hotel management agreements to make agreed upon capital expenditures to our hotels. The timing of these improvements can affect hotel performance, particularly if the improvements require closure of a significant number of rooms or other features of the hotels, such as ballrooms, meeting space and restaurants. These capital improvements reduce the availability of cash for other purposes and are subject to cost overruns and delays. In addition, because we depend on external sources of capital, we may not have the necessary funds to invest and, if we fail to maintain our hotels in accordance with brand standards set by our managers, they may terminate the management agreement. Moreover, we may not necessarily realize a significant, or any, improvement in the performance of the hotels at which we make these investments. A large proportion of our hotels are located in a limited number of large urban cities a

=== HST_2026-05-08.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors There have not been any material changes to the risk factors as previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.) On August 3, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a $1 billion share repurchase program. The common stock may be purchased from time to time depending upon market conditions, and repurchases may be made in the open market or through private transactions or by other means, including principal transactions with various financial institutions, accelerated share repurchases, forwards, options and similar transactions, and through one or more trading plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific number of shares or any specific dollar amount and may be suspended at any time at our discretion. Period Total Number of Host Inc. Common Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Common Share* Total Number of Common Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Common Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 — $ — — $ 480 February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 — — — 480 March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 3,953,471 18.97 3,953,471 405 Total 3,953,471 $ 18.97 3,953,471 $ 405 ___________ * Prices shown are exclusive of commissions paid. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P.) Period Total Number of Host L.P. Common OP Units Purchased Average Price Paid per Common OP Unit Total Number of OP Units Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Units that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) January 1, 2026 - January 31, 2026 3,458 * 1.021494 shares of Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. common stock — — February 1, 2026 - February 28, 2026 46,458 * 1.021494 shares of Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. common stock — — March 1, 2026 - March 31, 2026 3,880,560 ** 1.021494 shares of Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. common stock — — Total 3,930,476 — — ___________ * Reflects common OP units offered for redemption by limited partners in exchange for shares of Host Inc.'s common stock. 46 ** Reflects (i) 3,870,283 common OP units repurchased to fund the repurchase by Host Inc. of 3,953,471 shares of common stock as part of its publicly announced share repurchase program, and (ii) 10,277 common OP units redeemed by holders in exchange for shares of Host Inc.'s common stock. Item 5. Other Information During the period covered by this report, no director or officer of the Company adopted , modified or terminated any “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. Item 6. Exhibits In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this report, please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the company, its subsidiaries or other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and: • should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; • have been qualified by disclosures that were made to other parties in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; • may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and • were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or date as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments. Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. The exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index are filed as part of this report and such Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. 47 Exhibit No. Description 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. 31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. 31.3* Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P. 31.4* Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P. 32 Section 1350 Certifications 32.1†* Certificate of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. 32.2†* Certificate of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P. 101 XBRL 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. Submitted electronically with this report. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). The following materials, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Quarter ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, for Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, respectively, for Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.; (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Quarter ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, for Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Quarter ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, for Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc.; (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Quarter ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, for Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P.; (vi) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, respectively, for Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P.; (vii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Quarter ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, for Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P.; (viii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Quarter ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively, for Host Hotels & Resorts, L.P.; and (ix) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. ____________________________________________________________________ * Filed herewith. † This certificate is being furnished solely to accompany the report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language