=== HST_2026-02-25.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results and those results anticipated, estimated or projected. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any additional disclosures we make or related subjects in our reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Also note that, in our risk factors, we provide a cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and possibly inaccurate assumptions relevant to our business. These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from past results and those results anticipated, estimated or projected. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider the discussion of risk factors to be a complete discussion of all the potential risks or uncertainties that could affect our business. Item 1. Business We are the largest publicly traded lodging REIT, with a geographically diverse portfolio of luxury and upper-upscale hotels. As of February 20, 2026, our consolidated lodging portfolio consists of 76 primarily luxury and upper-upscale hotels containing approximately 41,700 rooms, with substantially all located in the United States (five of the hotels are located outside of the U.S. in Brazil and Canada). In addition, we own non-controlling interests in seven domestic joint ventures that focus on the lodging industry, see " - Other Real Estate Interests" for a further description. Host Inc. was incorporated as a Maryland corporation in 1998 and operates as a self-managed and self-administered REIT. Host Inc. owns hotels and conducts operations through Host L.P., of which Host Inc. is the sole general partner and of which it holds approximately 99% of the partnership interests ( OP units ) as of December 31, 2025. The remaining partnership interests are owned by various unaffiliated limited partners. Host Inc. has the exclusive and complete responsibility for Host L.P. s day-to-day management and control. Business Strategy Our goal is to be the preeminent owner of high-quality lodging real estate in growing markets in the U.S. and to generate superior long-term risk adjusted returns for our stockholders throughout all phases of the lodging cycle through a combination of appreciation in asset values, growth in earnings and the payment of dividends. The pillars of our strategy to achieve this objective and elevate our growth profile include: Geographically diverse portfolio of hotels in the U.S. - Own a diversified portfolio of hotels in the U.S. in major urban and resort destinations. Target markets with diverse demand generators, high barriers to entry, favorable supply and demand dynamics and attractive long-term projected RevPAR growth; 1 Table of Contents Strong scale and integrated platform - Utilize our scale to create value through enterprise analytics, asset management and capital investment initiatives, while aiding external growth by leveraging scale as a competitive advantage to acquire assets befitting our strategy. Allocate and recycle capital to seek returns that exceed our cost of capital and actively return capital to stockholders; Investment grade balance sheet - Maintain a strong and flexible capital structure that allows us to execute our strategy throughout all phases of the lodging cycle; and Employer of choice and responsible corporate citizen - Align our organizational structure with our business objectives to be an employer of choice and a responsible corporate citizen. Geographically Diverse Portfolio We seek to have a geographically diversified portfolio in major markets and premier resort destinations in the U.S. We primarily focus on acquisitions and, occasionally, new development opportunities to enhance our portfolio. While we have historically targeted acquisitions in the top 25 U.S. markets, we also consider hotels in other markets, which we believe have high growth potential and diverse demand generators. We focus generally on the following types of assets: Resorts in destination locations with limited supply growth. These assets feature superior amenities and unique experiential offerings; Convention destination hotels that are group oriented in urban and resort markets. These assets feature extensive and high-quality meeting facilities and often are connected to prominent convention centers; and High-end urban hotels that are positioned in prime locations and possess multiple demand drivers for both business and leisure travelers. As one of the largest owners of Marriott and Hyatt hotels, our hotels primarily are operated under brand names that are among the most respected and widely recognized in the lodging industry. Within these brands, we have focused predominantly on the upper-upscale and luxury chain scales, as we believe these have a broad appeal for both individual and group leisure and business customers. In addition, we own several unbranded or soft-branded hotels that appeal to distinctive customer profiles in certain submarkets. Strong Scale and Integrated Platform Enterprise Analytics Platform. Due to the scale of our asset management and business intelligence platform, we believe we are in a unique position to implement value-added real estate decisions and to assist our managers in improving operating performance and profitability. The size and composition of our portfolio and our affiliation with most of the leading brands and operators in the industry allow our enterprise analytics team to benchmark similar hotels and identify revenue-enhancement opportunities and cost efficiencies that can maximize the operating performance, long-term profitability and value of our real estate. We perform independent underwriting of return on investment ( ROI ) projects and potential acquisitions, as well as revenue management analysis of ancillary revenue opportunities. Our goal is to continue to differentiate our hotels within their competitive markets, drive operating performance and enhance the overall value of our real estate through the following: Enhance operating performance and profitability by using our business intelligence system to benchmark and monitor hotel performance and cost controls. Drive revenue growth by conducting detailed strategic reviews with our managers on markets and business mix to assist them in developing the appropriate group/transient mix, online presence to address a broad customer base, and market share targets for each hotel. Work with leading brands, such as Marriott and Hyatt, to take advantage of their worldwide presence and lodging infrastructure. We also have a selection of hotels managed by independent operators where we believe these operators have more flexibility to drive revenues and control costs to maximize profits. 2 Table of Contents Improve asset value through the extension or purchase of ground leases or the restructuring of management agreements to increase contract flexibility. Disciplined Capital Allocation. Guided by a disciplined approach to capital allocation, we are equipped to make investment decisions that seek to deliver the greatest value and returns to stockholders. Our goal is to allocate capital to enhance and improve our portfolio, while balancing the importance of prudently returning capital to stockholders. For 2026, we will continue our disciplined approach to capital allocation and intend to take advantage of our strong balance sheet and overall scale. We are constantly evaluating potential acquisitions of iconic upper-upscale and luxury properties that we believe have sustainable competitive advantages. Similarly, we intend to continue our capital recycling program with strategic and opportunistic dispositions. This may include the sale of assets where we believe an opportunistic sale will secure a realized return on our investment, the potential for growth is constrained or hotels with significant capital expenditure requirements that we do not believe would generate an adequate return. We may acquire additional properties or dispose of properties through various structures, including transactions involving single assets, portfolios, joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions of the securities or assets of other REITs or distributions of hotels to our stockholders. We anticipate that any acquisitions may be funded by, or through a combination of, proceeds from the sales of hotels, equity offerings of Host Inc., issuances of OP units by Host L.P., incurrence of debt, available cash or advances under our credit facility. We note, however, that the nature and supply of these assets make acquisitions inherently difficult to predict. For these reasons, we can make no assurances that we will be successful in purchasing any one or more hotels that we are reviewing currently, or may in the future review, bid on or negotiate to buy. We also seek to create and mine value from our existing portfolio through value enhancement initiatives and ROI projects. We believe these investments provide a significant opportunity to achieve returns well in excess of our cost of capital. We work closely with our managers to attempt to schedule these projects to minimize operational disruption and environmental impact. Value enhancement initiatives seek to maximize the value of real estate within our existing portfolio through its highest and best use. These projects may include hotel expansion, timeshare, office space or condominium units on excess land, redevelopment or expansion of existing retail space, and the acquisition of development entitlements. ROI projects are designed to improve the positioning of our hotels within their markets and competitive set. These projects include extensive renovations, including guest rooms, lobbies, food and beverage outlets; expansions and/or extensive renovation of ballroom and meeting rooms; major mechanical system upgrades; and green building initiatives and certifications. Also included are projects focused on increasing space profitability or lowering net operating costs, such as converting unprofitable or underutilized space into meeting space, adding guestrooms, and implementing energy and water conservation measures such as LED lighting, high-efficiency mechanical, electrical and plumbing equipment and fixtures, solar power, energy management systems, guestroom water efficient fixtures, and building automation systems. Renewal and replacement capital expenditures are designed to maintain the quality and competitiveness of our hotels. Typically, renovations occur at intervals of approximately seven to ten years, but the timing may vary based on the type of property, function of area being renovated, hotel occupancy and other factors. These renovations generally are divided into the following types: soft goods, case goods, bathroom and architectural and engineering systems. Soft goods include items such as carpeting, textiles and wall finishes, which may require more frequent updates to maintain brand quality standards. Case goods include dressers, desks, couches, restaurant and meeting room tables and chairs, which generally are not replaced as frequently. Bathroom renovations include the refurbishment or replacement of tile, vanity, lighting and plumbing fixtures. Architectural and engineering systems include the physical plant of the hotel, including the roof, elevators/escalators, fa ade, heating, ventilation, and air conditioning and fire systems. We also execute capital expenditure projects to further increase the resilience of our hotels, including replacements and restorations of exterior walls, doors and windows, roofs, grounds, relocated/elevated critical equipment and distributed energy systems. Throughout the lodging cycle, to the extent that we are unable to find appropriate investment opportunities that meet our return requirements, we will focus on returning capital to stockholders through dividends or common stock repurchases. Significant factors we review to determine the level and timing of the returns to stockholders include our current stock price compared to our determination of the underlying value of our assets, current and forecast operating results and the completion of hotel sales. Investment Grade Balance Sheet Our goal is to maintain a flexible capital structure that allows us to execute our strategy throughout the lodging cycle. To maintain its qualification as a REIT, Host Inc. is required to distribute 90% of its taxable income (other than net 3 Table of Contents capital gain) to its stockholders each year and, as a result, generally relies on external sources of capital, as well as cash from operations, to finance growth. Management believes that a strong balance sheet is a key competitive advantage that affords us a lower cost of debt and positions us for external growth. While we may issue debt at any time, we will target a net debt-to-earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) ratio, (or Leverage Ratio, as defined in our credit facility) that allows us to maintain an investment grade rating on our senior unsecured debt. We believe an investment grade rating will give us the most consistent access to capital throughout the business cycle. We seek to structure our debt profile to maintain financial flexibility and a staggered maturity schedule with access to different forms of financing, consisting primarily of senior notes and exchangeable debentures, as well as mortgage debt. Generally, we look to minimize the number of assets that are encumbered by mortgage debt, minimize near-term maturities and maintain a staggered maturity schedule. Depending on market conditions, we also may utilize variable rate debt which can provide greater protection during a decline in the lodging industry. Corporate Responsibility We are committed to creating long-term value through investing responsibly in our business, environment, people and community. Our Corporate Responsibility ("CR") program is centered around the concept of responsible investment an overarching strategy that guides our focus and actions across our three main themes of Environmental Stewardship, Social Responsibility and Governance. We believe that a disciplined and proactive approach to addressing critical environmental, social and governance topics enables us to create long-term value for our stockholders and helps us to optimize our portfolio and human capital investments, while maintaining our position as a global sustainability leader. Our management approach is driven by people, culture, policies, targets and performance monitoring to improve the value from our investments of time, talent and financial resources. This approach directly supports Host s business strategy and goals. Environmental Stewardship : We are investing in solutions that conserve and restore natural capital to assist us in mitigating climate change and biodiversity impacts with the goal of achieving best-in-class returns. Social Responsibility : We are committed to advancing health, well-being and opportunity for all of our stakeholders, including investors, employees, partners and communities. Governance : Our responsible investment strategies are guided by executive and board-level oversight, our EPIC values of Excellence, Partnership, Integrity and Community, our ethical standards, and a disciplined approach to risk management and sustainable value creation. The Real Estate Sustainability Accounting Standard issued by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ( SASB ) (now maintained by the International Sustainability Standards Board under the International Financial Reporting Standards Foundation) outlines the disclosure topics and accounting metrics for the real estate industry. The energy and water management metrics that best correlate with our industry include total energy consumed ( Total Energy Consumption ) and total water withdrawn ( Total Water Consumption ). The energy and water data we use is collected and reviewed by third parties who compile the data from property utility statements. The charts below detail our third-party verified Total Energy Consumption and Total Water Consumption for 2022 through 2024, the last three fiscal years for which data is available (1) . Total Energy Consumption increased from 2023 to 2024 due to the return to normal operations at properties impacted by weather events in 2023, partially offset by efficiency investments. Total Water Consumption decreased from 2023 to 2024 primarily due to decreased occupancy across our Maui resorts, following the wildfires. The increases in both Total Water Consumption and Total Energy Consumption from 2022 to 2023 reflect occupancy increases at our hotels. 4 Table of Contents ___________ (1) Energy and water metrics relate to our consolidated hotels owned for the entire year presented. Our latest Corporate Responsibility Report, which was issued in August 2025, details our CR program and responsible investment strategy; along with our environmental, social and governance performance and our 2030 environmental and social targets that serve as the interim milestone in our roadmap to achieve our aspirational vision of becoming a net positive company by 2050. The Corporate Responsibility Report also includes Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and full SASB disclosures, as well as an EEO-1 report. The contents of our Corporate Responsibility Report are not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and do not form a part of this Form 10-K. The Lodging Industry The lodging industry in the United States consists of private and public entities that operate in a diversified market under a variety of brand names. The lodging industry has several key participants: Owners own the hotel and typically enter into an agreement for an independent third party to manage the hotel. These hotels may be branded and operated under the manager s brand or branded under a franchise agreement and operated by the franchisee or by an independent hotel manager. The hotels also may be operated as an independent hotel by an independent hotel manager. Owner/Managers own the hotel and operate the property with their own management team. These hotels may be branded under a franchise agreement, operated as an independent hotel or operated under the owner s brand. We are prohibited from operating and managing hotels by applicable REIT rules. Franchisors own a brand or brands and strive to grow their revenues by expanding the number of hotels in their franchise system. Franchisors provide their hotels with brand recognition, marketing support and centralized reservation systems for the franchised hotels. Franchisor/Managers own a brand or brands and operate hotels on behalf of the hotel owner or franchisee. Managers operate hotels on behalf of the hotel owner, but do not, themselves, own a brand. The hotels may be operated under a franchise agreement or as an independent hotel. The hotel manager is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the hotel, including the employment of hotel staff, the determination of room rates, the development of sales and marketing plans, the preparation of operating and capital expenditures budgets and the preparation of financial reports for the owner. The hotel manager typically receives fees based on the revenues and profitability of the hotel. Supply and Demand. Our industry is influenced by the cyclical relationship between the supply of and demand for hotel rooms. Lodging demand growth typically is related to the vitality of the overall economy, in addition to local 5 Table of Contents market factors that stimulate travel to specific destinations. Trends in economic indicators such as gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth, business investment, corporate profits and employment growth are key indicators of the relative strength of lodging demand. Lodging demand also will be affected by changes to international travel patterns. Lodging supply growth generally is driven by overall lodging demand, as extended periods of strong demand growth tend to encourage new development. However, the rate of supply growth also is influenced by several additional factors, including the availability of capital, interest rates, construction costs and unique market considerations. The relatively long lead-time required to complete the development of hotels makes supply growth easier to forecast than demand growth but increases the volatility of the cyclical behavior of the lodging industry, as new supply may be planned during an upcycle but may open for business in a weaker economy. Therefore, as illustrated in the charts below for the U.S. lodging industry, at different points in the cycle, demand growth may accelerate when supply growth is very low, or supply may accelerate while demand growth is slowing. Additionally, conversions of properties from independent properties to upscale or luxury brands caused an increase in the supply for upscale and luxury properties in 2025, although overall hotel supply growth remained low. Online short-term rentals are a source of non-traditional supply for the industry, in both urban and resort destinations, including as a flexible option for apartment buildings and vacation homes. Though not reported through official industry statistics, the impact on the hotel industry and the availability of these outlets is more variable than typical changes in supply from hotel construction and tends to be very market specific. Local legislation has the potential to limit supply growth for these online short-term rentals in many top markets, though the growth of professional management for legal rentals remains a key trend. Our portfolio primarily consists of upper upscale and luxury hotels and, accordingly, its performance is best understood in comparison to the luxury and upper upscale categories rather than the entire industry. The charts below detail the historical supply, demand and revenue per available room ( RevPAR ) growth for the U.S. lodging industry and for the U.S. luxury and upper upscale categories for 2020 to 2025. U.S. Lodging Industry Supply, Demand and RevPAR Growth 6 Table of Contents U.S. Luxury and Upper Upscale Supply, Demand and RevPAR Growth Our Customers. Our customers fall into three broad groups: transient business, group business and contract business. Similar to the majority of the lodging industry, we further categorize business within these broad groups based on characteristics they have in common as follows: Transient business broadly represents individual business and/or leisure travelers. Our hotels attract both business and leisure travelers; therefore, our hotels' performance as it relates to transient demand is driven by trends related to both of these customer types. The four key subcategories of rates offered to the transient business group are: Retail: This is the benchmark rate that a hotel publishes and offers to the public. It typically is the rate charged to travelers that do not have access to negotiated or discounted rates. It includes the rack rate, which typically is applied to rooms during high demand periods and is the highest rate category available. Retail room rates will fluctuate more freely depending on anticipated demand levels (e.g., seasonality and weekday vs. weekend stays). Non-Qualified Discount: This category includes special rates offered by the hotels, including packages, advance-purchase discounts and promotional offers. It also includes rooms booked through online travel agencies (OTAs). Special Corporate : This is a negotiated rate offered to companies and organizations that provide significant levels of room night demand to the hotel or to hotel brands generally. These rates typically are negotiated annually at a discount to the anticipated retail rate. In addition, this category includes rates offered at the prevailing per diem for approved government travel. Qualified Discount : This category encompasses all discount programs, such as AAA and AARP discounts, rooms booked through wholesale channels, frequent guest program redemptions, and promotional rates and packages offered by a hotel. Group business represents clusters of guestrooms booked together, usually with a minimum of 10 rooms. The three key sub-categories of the group business category are: Association : group business related to national and regional association meetings and conventions. Corporate : group business related to corporate meetings (e.g., product launches, training programs, contract negotiations, and presentations). Other : group business predominately related to social, military, education, religious, fraternal and youth and amateur sports teams, otherwise known as SMERF business. Contract business refers to blocks of rooms sold to a specific company for an extended period at significantly discounted rates. Airline crews are typical generators of contract demand for our airport hotels. Contract rates may be utilized by hotels that are in markets that are experiencing consistently lower levels of demand. 7 Table of Contents Managers and Operational Agreements All our hotels are managed by third parties pursuant to management or operating agreements, with some of such hotels also subject to separate franchise or license agreements addressing matters pertaining to operations under the designated brand. The specific terms and conditions of these management or operating agreements vary depending upon whether the manager owns the hotel brand, whether the property is subject to a separate franchise or license agreement, the identity of the third-party manager, the location of the hotel and many other factors. Under these management or operating agreements, the managers have sole responsibility and exclusive authority for all activities necessary for the day-to-day operation of the hotels, including establishing room rates, securing reservations, procuring inventories, supplies and services, providing periodic inspection and consultation visits to the hotels by the managers technical and operational experts and promoting and publicizing the hotels. The managers employ all managerial and other employees for the hotels, review hotel operations with a focus on improving revenues and managing expenses, review the maintenance of the hotels, prepare reports, budgets and projections, and provide other administrative and accounting support services to the hotels. These support services include planning and policy services, financial services, employee staffing and training, corporate executive management and certain in-house legal services. We have certain approval rights over budgets, capital expenditures, significant leases and contractual commitments, and various other matters. General Terms and Provisions Agreements governing our hotels that are managed by brand owners (Marriott, Hyatt, Hilton, 1 Hotels and AccorHotels) typically include the terms described below: Term and fees for operational services . The initial term of our management and operating agreements range from 10 to 50 years. At certain hotels there are one or more renewal terms, typically exercisable at the option of the manager. Certain of our management agreements condition the manager s right to exercise options for specified renewal terms upon the satisfaction of specified economic performance criteria. The manager typically receives compensation in the form of a base management fee, which in most instances is calculated as a percentage (generally 2-3%) of annual gross revenues, and an incentive management fee, which typically is calculated as a percentage (generally 10-20%) of operating profit after the owner has received a priority return on its investment in the hotel. Chain or system programs and services . Managers provide chain or system programs and services generally that are furnished on a centralized basis. Such services may include the development and operation of certain computer systems and reservation services, regional or other centralized management and administrative services, marketing and sales programs and services, training and other personnel services, and other centralized or regional services as may be determined to be more efficiently performed on a centralized, regional or group basis rather than on an individual hotel basis. Costs and expenses incurred in providing these chain or system programs and services generally are allocated on a cost reimbursement basis among all hotels managed by the manager or its affiliates or that otherwise benefit from these services. Working capital and fixed asset supplies . We are required to provide working capital for each hotel and to fund the cost of certain fixed asset supplies (for example, linen, china, glassware, silver and uniforms). We also are responsible for providing funds to meet the cash needs for hotel operations if at any time cash available at the hotel is insufficient to meet the financial requirements of that hotel, such as occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic. For certain hotels, the working capital accounts which would otherwise be maintained by the managers for each of such hotels are maintained on a pooled basis, with managers being authorized to make withdrawals from such pooled account as otherwise contemplated with respect to working capital in accordance with the provisions of the management or operating agreements. Furniture, fixtures and equipment replacements . We are required to provide the managers with all furniture, fixtures and equipment ( FF E ) necessary for the operation of the hotels (including funding any required FF E replacements). On an annual basis, the managers prepare budgets for FF E to be acquired and certain routine repairs and maintenance to be performed in the next year and an estimate of the necessary funds, which budgets are subject to our review and approval. For purposes of funding such expenditures, a specified percentage (typically 4-5%) of the gross revenues of each hotel is deposited by the manager into an escrow or reserve account in our name, to which the manager has access. For certain hotels, we have negotiated flexibility with the manager that reduces the funding commitment required as follows: For certain of our Marriott-managed hotels, we have entered into an agreement with Marriott to allow for such expenditures to be funded from one pooled reserve account, rather than periodic 8 Table of Contents reserve fund contributions being deposited into separate reserve accounts at each of the subject hotels, with the minimum required balance maintained on an ongoing basis in that pooled reserve account being significantly less than the amount that would have been maintained otherwise in such separate hotel reserve accounts. Upon sale, a hotel-level reserve account would typically be funded (either by the purchaser or by us, as the seller) in the full amount of the reserve balance associated with the subject hotel. For certain other hotels periodic reserve fund contributions, which otherwise would be deposited into reserve accounts maintained by managers at each hotel, are distributed to us and we are responsible for providing funding of expenditures which otherwise would be funded from reserve accounts for each of the subject hotels. Upon sale, a hotel-level reserve account would typically be funded (either by the purchaser or by us, as the seller) in the full amount of the reserve balance associated with the subject hotel. Building alterations, improvements and renewals . Generally, managers are required to prepare an annual estimate of the expenditures necessary for major repairs, alterations, improvements, renewals and replacements to the structural, mechanical, electrical, heating, ventilating, air conditioning, plumbing and elevators of each hotel, along with alterations and improvements to the hotel as are required, in the manager s reasonable judgment, to keep the hotel in a competitive, efficient and economical operating condition that is consistent with brand standards. We generally have approval rights over such budgets and expenditures, which we review and approve based on our manager s recommendations and on our judgment. Expenditures for these major repairs and improvements affecting the hotel building typically are funded directly by owners but may also be funded from the FF E reserve account. Treatment of additional owner funding . As additional owner funding becomes necessary, whether due to the need for additional cash at the hotels, for expenditures generally funded from the FF E replacement funds, or for any major repairs or improvements to the hotel building, which may be required to be funded directly by owners, most of our agreements provide for an economic benefit to us through an impact on the calculation of incentive management fees payable to our managers. One approach frequently utilized at some of our Marriott-managed hotels is to provide such owner funding through loans, which are repaid, with interest, from operational revenues, with the repayment amounts reducing operating profit available for payment of incentive management fees. Another approach that is used at many of our hotels is to treat such owner funding as an increase to our investment in the hotel, resulting in an increase to the owner s priority return with a corresponding reduction to the amount of operating profit available for payment of incentive management fees. Territorial protections . Certain management and operating agreements impose restrictions for a specified period which limit the manager and its affiliates from owning, operating or licensing a hotel of the same brand within a specified area. The area restrictions vary with each hotel, from city blocks in urban areas to up to a multi-mile radius from the hotel in other areas. Sale of the hotel . Subject to specific agreements as to certain hotels (see below under Special Termination Rights ), we generally are limited in our ability to sell, lease or otherwise transfer such hotels by the requirement that the transferee assumes the related management or operating agreements and meets specified other conditions, including the condition that the transferee not be a competitor of the manager. Performance Termination Rights. In addition to any right to terminate that may arise as a result of a default by the manager, most of our management and operating agreements include reserved rights for us to terminate on the basis of the manager s failure to meet certain performance-based metrics, typically including a specified threshold return on the owner s investment in the hotel, along with a failure of the hotel to achieve a specified RevPAR performance threshold established with reference to other competitive hotels in the market. Typically, such performance-based termination rights arise in the event the manager fails to achieve these specified performance thresholds over a consecutive two-year period and are subject to the manager s ability to cure and avoid termination by payment to us of specified deficiency amounts (or, in some instances, waiver of the right to receive specified future management fees). We have agreed in the past, and may agree in the future, to waive certain of these termination rights in exchange for consideration from a manager or its affiliates, which consideration may include cash compensation or amendments to management agreements. 9 Table of Contents Special Termination Rights. In addition to any performance-based or other termination rights set forth in our management and operating agreements, we have specific negotiated termination rights as to certain management and operating agreements. While the brand affiliation of a hotel may increase its value, the ability to dispose of a property unencumbered by a management or operating agreement or brand affiliation, also can increase the value for prospective purchasers. These termination rights can take several different forms, including termination of agreements upon sale that leave the property unencumbered by any management or operating agreement; termination upon sale provided that the property continues to be operated under a license or franchise agreement with continued brand affiliation; or termination without sale or other conditions, which may require the payment of a fee. In addition to hotels managed by brand owners, we have both branded hotels and non-branded hotels operated by independent managers. Our management agreements with independent managers, while similar in operational scope to agreements with our brand managers, typically have shorter initial terms, no renewal rights, more flexible termination rights, and more limited system-wide services. License and Franchise Agreements Many of our hotels managed by independent managers are affiliated with the Marriott or Hilton brand through the use of a license or franchise agreement. These franchise or licensing agreements allow us to engage independent managers to operate our hotels under the applicable brand names and to participate in the brands reservation and loyalty-rewards systems. These franchise or license agreements address matters pertaining to the use of the designated brand, including the rights to use trademarks, service marks and logos, matters relating to the compliance with certain brand standards and policies which we are required to maintain, and the provision of certain system programs (including reservations) and centralized services. The term of these license agreements generally are 20 years. Licensors receive compensation in the form of license fees, generally a specified percentage, typically 5%, of gross revenues attributable to room sales and, in certain instances, a certain percentage, typically 2%, of gross revenues attributable to food and beverage sales. The hotel also pays the franchise or licensor certain system fees and reimbursable expenses. Operating Structure Host Inc. operates through an umbrella partnership structure in which substantially all its assets are owned by Host L.P., of which Host Inc. is the sole general partner and holds approximately 99% of the OP units as of December 31, 2025. A REIT is a corporation that has elected to be treated as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and that meets certain ownership, organizational and operating requirements set forth under the Code. In general, by payments of dividends to stockholders, a REIT is permitted to reduce or eliminate federal income taxes at the corporate level. Each OP unit owned by unaffiliated limited partners other than Host Inc. is redeemable, at the option of the limited partner, for an amount of cash equal to the market value of one share of Host Inc. common stock multiplied by the current conversion factor of 1.021494. Host Inc. has the right to acquire any OP unit offered for redemption directly from the limited partner in exchange for 1.021494 shares of Host Inc. common stock instead of Host L.P. redeeming such OP unit for cash. Additionally, for every share of common stock issued by Host Inc., Host L.P. will issue 0.97895 OP units to Host Inc. in exchange for the consideration received from the issuance of the common stock. As of December 31, 2025, unaffiliated limited partners owned 9.4 million OP units, which were convertible into 9.6 million Host Inc. common shares. 10 Table of Contents Assuming that all OP units held by unaffiliated limited partners were converted into common shares, there would have been 697.4 million common shares of Host Inc. outstanding at December 31, 2025. Our operating structure is as follows: As a REIT, certain tax laws limit the amount of non-qualifying income that Host Inc. and Host L.P. can earn, including income derived directly from the operation of hotels. As a result, we lease substantially all our consolidated hotels to certain of our subsidiaries designated as taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRS ) for federal income tax purposes. Our TRS are subject to federal and state corporate income tax and are not limited as to the amount of non-qualifying income they can generate, but they are limited in terms of their value as a percentage of the total value of our assets. Our TRS enter into agreements with third parties to manage the operations of the hotels. Our TRS also may own assets engaging in activities that produce non-qualifying income, such as the development of timeshare or condominium units and the generation of asset management fees, subject to certain restrictions. In general, the difference between the hotels net operating cash flow and the aggregate rents paid to Host L.P. is retained or incurred by our TRS as taxable income or loss. Accordingly, the net effect of the TRS leases is that a portion of the net operating cash flow from our hotels is subject to federal, state and, if applicable, foreign corporate income tax. Our Consolidated Hotel Portfolio As of February 20, 2026, we owned a portfolio of 76 hotels, of which 71 are in the United States and five are located in Brazil and Canada. Our consolidated hotels located outside the United States collectively have approximately 1,500 rooms. Approximately 2% of our hotel revenues in 2025, 2024 and 2023 were attributed to the operations of these five foreign hotels. The lodging industry is viewed as consisting of six different categories, each of which caters to a discrete set of customer tastes and needs: luxury, upper upscale, upscale, upper midscale, midscale and economy. Our portfolio primarily consists of luxury and upper upscale properties, which are operated under internationally recognized brand names such as Marriott, Westin, Ritz-Carlton, Hyatt and Hilton. Our portfolio also includes hotels referred to as soft-branded that are associated with a major brand chain, but maintain a unique identity that is customized towards a particular customer profile or authentic location. Revenues earned at our hotels consist of three broad categories: rooms, food and beverage, and other revenues. While approximately 60% of our hotel revenues in 2025 were generated from rooms sales, the majority of our properties feature a variety of amenities that help drive demand and profitability. Our hotels typically include meeting and banquet facilities, a variety of restaurants and lounges, swimming pools, exercise facilities and/or spas, gift shops and parking facilities, the combination of which enable them to serve business, leisure and group travelers. Our consolidated portfolio includes 29 hotels that have more than 500 rooms. The average age of our properties is 38 years, although substantially all of them have benefited from significant renovations or major additions, as well as 11 Table of Contents regularly scheduled renewal and replacement expenditures and other capital improvements. In our consolidated portfolio, approximately 89% of our hotels, by room count, are managed by their own brand managers, and 11% are managed by independent managers as a franchise or as an independent brand. By Brand. The following table details our consolidated hotel portfolio by brand as of February 20, 2026: Brand Number of Hotels Rooms Percentage of 2025 Hotel Revenues Marriott: Marriott 25 18,579 35.3 % Ritz-Carlton 6 2,367 12.2 % Autograph Collection 1 223 0.3 % Tribute Portfolio 1 173 0.4 % JW Marriott 4 1,909 3.3 % AC Hotels 1 165 0.2 % W 1 424 0.6 % Luxury Collection 1 645 3.4 % Westin 7 3,516 6.9 % Sheraton 1 370 0.3 % Total Marriott 48 28,371 62.9 % Hyatt: Alila 1 59 0.8 % Andaz 1 320 1.9 % Grand Hyatt 4 3,638 6.6 % Hyatt Place 1 426 0.6 % Hyatt Regency 6 3,870 6.6 % Total Hyatt 13 8,313 16.5 % Hilton: Curio 3 814 1.9 % Embassy Suites 2 961 1.7 % Total Hilton 5 1,775 3.6 % AccorHotels: Swiss tel 1 662 1.0 % Fairmont 1 450 2.6 % ibis 1 256 0.1 % Novotel 1 149 0.1 % Total AccorHotels 4 1,517 3.8 % 1 Hotel 3 882 5.6 % Other/Independent 3 819 1.6 % 76 41,677 94.0 % ___________ (1) Sold hotels accounted for 6% of our hotel revenues. No individual hotel contributed more than 6% of hotel revenues in 2025. Hotels that are not considered upper upscale or luxury constitute approximately 1% of our hotel revenues. This table excludes revenues from sales of condominium units adjacent to the Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort, which represented 2% of total revenues in 2025. 12 Table of Contents By Location. The following table details the locations and numbers of rooms at our consolidated hotels as of February 20, 2026: Location Rooms Location Rooms Arizona Hawaii AC Hotel Scottsdale North 165 Andaz Maui at Wailea Resort 320 The Phoenician, A Luxury Collection Resort, Scottsdale 645 Fairmont Kea Lani, Maui 450 The Westin Kierland Resort Spa 735 Hyatt Place Waikiki Beach 426 California Hyatt Regency Maui Resort and Spa 810 Alila Ventana Big Sur 59 The Ritz-Carlton O'ahu, Turtle Bay 450 Axiom Hotel 152 Illinois Coronado Island Marriott Resort Spa 300 Embassy Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown Magnificent Mile 455 Grand Hyatt San Francisco 669 Swiss tel Chicago 662 Hyatt Regency San Francisco Airport 790 The Westin Chicago River North 445 Manchester Grand Hyatt San Diego 1,628 Louisiana Marina del Rey Marriott 370 New Orleans Marriott 1,333 Marriott Marquis San Diego Marina 1,366 Maryland San Francisco Marriott Fisherman's Wharf 285 Gaithersburg Marriott Washingtonian Center 284 San Francisco Marriott Marquis 1,500 Massachusetts Santa Clara Marriott 766 Boston Marriott Copley Place 1,145 The Ritz-Carlton, Marina del Rey 304 The Westin Waltham Boston 351 The Westin South Coast Plaza, Costa Mesa 393 Minnesota Colorado Minneapolis Marriott City Center 585 Denver Marriott Tech Center 605 New Jersey Denver Marriott West 305 Newark Liberty International Airport Marriott 591 The Westin Denver Downtown 432 Sheraton Parsippany Hotel 370 Florida New York 1 Hotel South Beach 433 1 Hotel Central Park 234 Baker's Cay Resort Key Largo, Curio Collection by Hilton 200 New York Marriott Downtown 515 Hyatt Regency Coconut Point Resort and Spa 462 New York Marriott Marquis 1,971 Miami Marriott Biscayne Bay 605 Pennsylvania Orlando World Center Marriott 2,004 Philadelphia Airport Marriott 419 Tampa Airport Marriott 298 The Logan Philadelphia, Curio Collection by Hilton 391 The Don CeSar 348 Tennessee The Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island 446 1 Hotel Nashville 215 The Ritz-Carlton, Naples 474 Embassy Suites by Hilton Nashville Downtown 506 The Ritz-Carlton Naples, Tibur n 295 Texas The Singer Oceanfront Resort, Curio Collection by Hilton 223 Hotel Van Zandt 319 Georgia Houston Airport Marriott at George Bush Intercontinental 573 The Alida, Savannah, a Tribute Portfolio Hotel 173 Houston Marriott Medical Center/Museum District 398 Grand Hyatt Atlanta in Buckhead 439 Hyatt Regency Austin 450 JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead 371 JW Marriott Houston by The Galleria 516 13 Table of Contents Texas (cont.) Washington, D.C. (cont.) San Antonio Marriott Rivercenter 1,000 Hyatt Regency Washington on Capitol Hill 840 San Antonio Marriott Riverwalk 512 JW Marriott Washington, DC 777 The Laura Hotel, Houston Downtown, Autograph Collection 223 The Westin Georgetown, Washington D.C. 269 Virginia Brazil Hyatt Regency Reston 518 ibis Rio de Janeiro Parque Olimpico 256 The Ritz-Carlton, Tysons Corner 398 JW Marriott Hotel Rio de Janeiro 245 Washington Novotel Rio de Janeiro Parque Olimpico 149 The Westin Seattle 891 Canada W Seattle 424 Calgary Marriott Downtown Hotel 388 Washington, D.C. Marriott Downtown at CF Toronto Eaton Centre 461 Grand Hyatt Washington 902 Total 41,677 ___________ (1) The land on which this hotel is built is leased from a third party under one or more lease agreements. (2) The land, building and improvements are leased from a third party under a long-term lease agreement. (3) This property is not wholly owned. 14 Table of Contents By Market Location: With our geographically diverse portfolio, no individual market represents more than 9% of total hotel revenues. The following chart summarizes the composition of our consolidated hotels as of February 20, 2026 by each market location based on its percentage of 2025 hotel revenues: (1) Based on our 2025 hotel revenues; sold hotels accounted for 6% of our hotel revenues. This table excludes revenues from sales of condominium units adjacent to the Four Seasons Resort Orlando at Walt Disney World Resort, which represented 2% of total revenues in 2025. Other Real Estate Interests We own non-controlling interests in several entities that, as of February 20, 2026, owned, or owned an interest in, 90 properties and a vacation ownership development. Due to the ownership structure and economic or participating rights of our partners, we do not consolidate the operations of the properties owned by these entities and they are included in equity in earnings in our consolidated results of operations. Our investments in these entities include the following: Noble Joint Venture. While our primary focus is the upper-upscale and luxury chain scales, we also seek opportunities to elevate our growth profile through investment in select service hotels, extended stay hotels and new development deals. Accordingly, in 2022, we entered into definitive agreements with Noble Investment Group, LLC, a leading private hospitality asset manager in the upscale, select service and extended stay chain scales, and certain other entities and persons related to Noble Investment Group, LLC, to acquire a minority equity interest in Noble Management Holdings, LLC and Noble Investment Holdings, LLC representing 49% of (a) the net fee income of the Noble Investment Group business in respect of existing and future Noble Investment Group funds and other revenue-based activities, (b) 40% of the gross carried interest earned on Noble Fund V (as defined below), and (c) proceeds earned by the general partner on commitments to future funds. As part of our investment, we have made a $211.5 million capital commitment to Noble Hospitality Fund V, L.P. ("Noble Fund V"), which represents a 21.15% ownership interest in the fund. As of December 31, 2025, we have funded $144 million to Noble Fund V and funded an additional $23 million subsequent to year end. Additionally, through a co-investment of Noble Fund V, we have committed an additional $30 million of which we have funded $29 million. Noble Fund V and the co-investment currently own 87 select service and extended stay hotels and 17 land sites to be developed. In December 2025, we entered into an omnibus amendment to the definitive agreements with 15 Table of Contents the Noble parties, under which, amongst other items, we made a commitment to fund an amount equal to 10% of Noble Hospitality Fund VI, L.P. ( Noble Fund VI ), regardless of the ultimate size of Noble Fund VI. Additionally, under the omnibus agreement, the previous put right of Noble Investment Group, LLC and our call right that would have been enabled in 2026 upon certain triggers being met, has been replaced with an exercise window in 2030 under which we have the ability to acquire up to 100% of Noble Management Holdings, LLC and Noble Investment Holdings, LLC. If we do not exercise our call right, Noble Investment Group, LLC has a one-time ability, but not the obligation, to exercise a put right to cause us to purchase up to an additional 26% of Noble Management Holdings, LLC and Noble Investment Holdings, LLC at a fixed price of $56 million. Maui Joint Venture. We own a 67% interest in a joint venture with an affiliate of HV Global Group, a subsidiary of Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, that owns a 131-unit vacation ownership development in Maui, Hawaii adjacent to our Hyatt Regency Maui Resort Spa. Hyatt Place Joint Venture . We own a 50% interest in a joint venture with White Lodging Services that owns the 255-room Hyatt Place Nashville Downtown in Tennessee. In August 2024, the joint venture completed an amendment and restatement of its $60 million mortgage loan agreement, extending its maturity to August 2, 2029. The loan is non-recourse to us. Harbor Beach Joint Venture. We own a 49.9% interest in a joint venture with R/V-C Association that owns the 650-room Fort Lauderdale Marriott Harbor Beach Resort Spa in Florida. The joint venture has a $176 million mortgage loan outstanding on the hotel that is non-recourse to us. Asia/Pacific Joint Venture. We have a 25% interest in a joint venture with RECO Hotels JV Private Limited, an affiliate of the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation Pte Ltd. In 2025, the joint venture sold its 36% share in two separate joint ventures in India to the existing shareholders thereof, representing our exit from our Asia investment. For additional information see Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 4. Investments in Affiliates. Competition The lodging industry is highly competitive. Competition often is specific to individual markets and is based on several factors, including location, brand, guest facilities and amenities, level of service, room rates and the quality of accommodations. The lodging industry is viewed as consisting of six different categories, each of which caters to a discrete set of customer tastes and needs: luxury, upper upscale, upscale, upper midscale, midscale and economy. The classification of a hotel is based on lodging industry standards, which take into consideration many factors, such as guest facilities and amenities, level of service and quality of accommodations. Most of our hotels operate in urban and resort markets either as luxury properties under such brand names as 1 Hotels , Alila , Andaz , Fairmont , Grand Hyatt , JW Marriott , Ritz-Carlton , The Don Cesar , The Luxury Collection and W , or as upper upscale properties under such brand names as Autograph Collection , Curio A Collection by Hilton , Embassy Suites by Hilton , Hyatt Regency , Marriott , Marriott Marquis , Swiss tel , Tribute Portfolio and Westin . 1 While our hotels compete primarily with other hotels in the luxury and upper upscale category, they also may compete with hotels in other lower-tier categories. A recent source of supply for the lodging industry has been the rapid growth of online short-term rentals, including as a flexible option for apartment buildings. Our hotels also may compete with these short-term rentals in certain markets. In addition, many management contracts for our hotels do not prohibit our managers from converting, franchising or developing other hotels in our markets. As a result, our hotels compete with other hotels that our managers may own, invest in, manage or franchise. We also compete with other REITs and other public and private investors for the acquisition of new properties and investment opportunities as we attempt to position our portfolio to best take advantage of changes in markets and travel patterns of our customers. 1 This annual report contains registered trademarks that are the exclusive property of their respective owners, which are companies other than us. None of the owners of these trademarks, their affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, agents or employees has or will have any responsibility or liability for any information contained in this annual report. 16 Table of Contents Seasonality Our hotel sales traditionally have experienced moderate seasonality, which varies based on the individual hotel and the region. Hotel sales for our consolidated portfolio were approximately 27%, 26%, 22% and 25% for the first, second, third and fourth calendar quarters, respectively, in 2025. Environmental, Governmental and Regulatory Matters Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances. These laws may impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. In addition, certain environmental laws and common law principles could be used to impose liability for the release of hazardous or toxic materials, and third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties for personal injury associated with exposure to released hazardous or toxic materials. Environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the way property may be used or businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require corrective or other expenditures. In connection with our current or prior ownership or operation of hotels, we potentially may be liable for various environmental costs or liabilities. Although currently we are not aware of any material environmental claims pending or threatened against us, we can offer no assurance that a material environmental claim will not be asserted against us in the future. Our hotels also are subject to various other forms of regulation, including Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ), building codes and regulations pertaining to fire and life safety. Under the ADA, all public accommodations are required to meet certain federal rules related to access and use by disabled persons and we have in the past and may in the future incur capital expenditures to make our hotels accessible . These and other building laws and regulations may be changed from time to time, or new regulations adopted, resulting in additional costs of compliance, including potential litigation. A determination that we are not in compliance with these laws and regulations could result in a court order to bring the hotel into compliance, the imposition of civil penalties in cases brought by the Justice Department or an award of attorneys fees to private litigants. Compliance with these laws and regulations could require substantial capital expenditures. Human Capital Resources As of February 20, 2026, we had 162 employees, all of whom work in the United States. The current average tenure of our employees is approximately 14 years, and the voluntary and total turnover rates in 2025 were 4% and 5%, respectively. Our human capital objectives include encouraging individual contributions, reinforcing Host s EPIC values and culture, maximizing employee engagement and retention and minimizing organizational disruption through succession action plans. Our employees are given the opportunity to participate in training and education programs such as external training, professional certifications, executive and leadership coaching, continuing education and professional memberships. Additionally, all employees receive annual performance reviews that incorporate our EPIC values and our competencies, which include adaptability, communication, teamwork and complete thinking. We encourage regular and ongoing feedback tied to performance and career development. To track our progress against our human capital objectives, we conduct employee surveys to obtain feedback on various topics, informing how we execute on specific programs. As of December 31, 2025, our total workforce consists of 45% men and 55% women, with 54% of management positions held by men and 46% of management positions held by women. Our workforce also consists of 37% minorities, with 21% of management positions held by minorities. The number of employees referenced above does not include the hotel employees of our three hotels in Brazil, which, while technically Host employees, are under the direct supervision and control of our third-party hotel manager in Brazil. The employees at all of our U.S. and Canadian hotels are employees of our third-party hotel managers, who are responsible for hiring and maintaining employees. Although we do not manage employees at our consolidated hotels, we still are subject to many of the costs and risks generally associated with the hotel labor force. Employees of our third-party hotel managers at 19 of our hotels, representing approximately 27% of our total room count, are covered by collective bargaining agreements that are subject to review and renewal on a regular basis. For a discussion of these relationships, see Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors We are subject to risks associated with the employment of hotel personnel, particularly with hotels that employ unionized labor. None of Host s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. 17 Table of Contents Where to Find Additional Information The address of our principal executive office is 4747 Bethesda Ave, Suite 1300, Bethesda, Maryland, 20814. Our phone number is (240) 744-1000. We maintain an internet website at: www.hosthotels.com. Through our website, we make available free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed electronically with, or furnished to, the SEC, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers at http://www.sec.gov. Our website also is a key source of important information about us. We routinely post to the Investor Relations section of our website important information about our business, our operating results and our financial condition and prospects, including, for example, information about material acquisitions and dispositions, our earnings releases and certain supplemental financial information to our earnings releases. We also post to our website copies of investor presentations, which contain important information about us, and we update those presentations periodically. The website has a Corporate Governance page in the Our Company section that includes, among other things, copies of our Bylaws, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters for each standing committee of Host Inc. s Board of Directors, which currently include the Audit Committee, the Culture and Compensation Committee and the Nominating, Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee. Copies of these charters and policies, Host Inc. s Bylaws and Host L.P. s partnership agreement also are available in print to stockholders and unitholders upon request to Host Hotels Resorts, Inc., 4747 Bethesda Ave, Suite 1300, Bethesda, Maryland, 20814, Attn: Secretary. Please note that the information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in, or considered to be a part of, any document, unless expressly incorporated by reference therein. Item 1A. Risk Factors For an enterprise as large and complex as we are, a wide range of factors could materially affect future results and performance. The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Financial Risks and Risks of Operation Our revenues and the value of our hotels are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry. The performance of the lodging industry traditionally has been affected by the strength of the general economy and, specifically, growth in gross domestic product. Because lodging industry demand typically follows the general economy, the lodging industry is highly cyclical, which contributes to potentially large fluctuations in our financial condition and our results of operations. Changes in travel patterns of both business and leisure travelers, particularly during periods of economic contraction or low levels of economic growth, may create difficulties for the industry over the long-term and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, the majority of our hotels are classified as luxury or upper upscale and generally target business and high-end leisure travelers. In periods of economic difficulties, certain business and leisure travelers may seek to reduce travel costs by limiting travel or seeking to reduce the cost of their trips. Consequently, our hotels may be more susceptible to a decrease in revenues during an economic downturn, as compared to hotels in other categories that have lower room rates. Other circumstances affecting the lodging industry which may affect our performance and the forecasts we make include: the effect on lodging demand of changes in national and local economic and business conditions, including concerns about U.S. economic growth, unemployment rates, and the potential for an economic recession in the United States or globally, or as a result of recent economic uncertainty due to trade disputes, tariffs, and other protection measures, the recent high level of inflation, elevated interest rates, global economic prospects, consumer confidence and the value of the U.S. dollar; factors that may shape public perception of travel to a particular location, including natural disasters, such as the Maui wildfires in 2023 and Southern California wildfires in 2025, extreme weather events, such as Hurricane Ian in 2022 and Hurricanes Helene and Milton in 2024, or extreme precipitation, pandemics and other public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or the occurrence or potential occurrence of terrorist attacks, all of which will affect occupancy rates at our hotels and the demand for hotel products and services; risks that U.S. immigration policies and border closings, visa processing times, travel restrictions or advisories, changes in energy prices or changes in foreign exchange rates will continue to suppress 18 Table of Contents international travel to the United States generally or decrease the labor pool, and risks that the current travel imbalance (i.e., elevated international U.S. outbound travel combined with a decrease in inbound travel to the United States) may remain elevated relative to historic levels; the impact of geopolitical developments outside the U.S., such as large-scale wars or international conflicts, slowing global growth, or trade disputes, tariffs or other trade protection measures between the United States and its trading partners, all of which could cause economic volatility and affect global travel and lodging demand within the United States or result in supply chain disruptions; volatility in global financial and credit markets, which could materially adversely affect U.S. and global economic conditions, business activity, and lodging demand as well as negatively impact our ability to obtain financing and increase our borrowing costs; the impact of future U.S. governmental action to address budget deficits through reductions in spending and similar austerity measures, as well as the impact of potential U.S. government shutdowns, such as the shutdown from October 1, 2025 through November 12, 2025, the furlough of federal employees, and potential future disruption resulting from the failure of the U.S. Congress to enact appropriations bills or raise the federal debt ceiling, all of which could reduce the availability of government services and result in the suspension or delay of activities by key agencies that oversee air travel; the occurrence of any of these events may impact government related travel and leisure travel generally due to air traffic delays and the closures of parks or other tourism destinations, resulting in a decrease in demand at our hotels and which could also materially adversely affect U.S. economic conditions, business activity, credit availability and borrowing costs; operating risks associated with the hotel business, including the effect of labor stoppages or strikes, increasing operating or labor costs, including increased labor costs in the recent inflationary environment, the ability of our managers to adequately staff our hotels as a result of shortages in labor supply, including due to changes in immigration laws or increased enforcement, and severance and furlough payments to hotel employees or changes in workplace rules that affect labor costs; the ability of our hotels to compete effectively against other lodging businesses in the highly competitive markets in which we operate in areas such as access, location, quality of accommodations and room rate structures; changes in the desirability of the geographic regions of the hotels in our portfolio or in the travel patterns of hotel customers; changes in taxes and governmental regulations that influence or set wages, hotel employee health care costs, prices, interest rates or construction and maintenance procedures and costs; and decreases in the frequency of business travel that may result from hybrid or remote work environments and other changes to business operations, such as alternatives to in-person meetings, including virtual meetings hosted online or over private teleconferencing networks. In addition, the U.S. economy has experienced high rates of inflation, which has increased our operating expenses due to higher wages and costs. The rate of inflation may remain elevated or increase in the future, resulting in further increases to our operating expenses. Although the short-term nature of hotel bookings generally allows our managers to compensate to a certain extent for inflationary effects by increasing room rates at our hotels, sustained inflation could have a negative impact on the demand for lodging. Moreover, an inflationary environment can increase the costs of hotel renovations and the purchasing power of our cash resources can decline, which can have an adverse impact on our business or financial results. In addition, our interest expense has increased due to higher interest rates on the senior notes we issued in 2024 and 2025 We cannot assure you that adverse changes in the general economy or other circumstances that affect the lodging industry will not have an adverse effect on the hotel revenues or earnings at our hotels. Our efforts to mitigate the risks associated with these adverse changes may not be successful and our business and growth could be adversely affected. A reduction in our revenues or earnings because of the above risks may reduce our working capital, impact our long-term business strategy and impact the value of our assets and our ability to meet certain covenants in our existing debt agreements. In addition, we may incur impairment expense in the future, which expense will affect negatively our results of operations. We can provide no assurance that any impairment expense recognized will not be material to our results of operations. 19 Table of Contents In addition to general economic conditions affecting the lodging industry, new hotel room supply is an important factor that can affect the lodging industry s performance and overbuilding has the potential to further exacerbate the negative impact of an economic downturn. Room rates and occupancy, and thus RevPAR, tend to increase when demand growth exceeds supply growth. A reduction or slowdown in the growth of lodging demand or increased growth in lodging supply could result in returns that are substantially below expectations or result in losses which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability as well as limit or slow our future growth. We depend on external sources of capital for future growth; therefore, any disruption to our ability to access capital at times, and on terms reasonably acceptable to us, may affect adversely our business and results of operations. Since we have elected REIT status, Host Inc. must finance its growth and fund debt repayments largely with external sources of capital because it is required to pay dividends to its stockholders in an amount equal to at least 90% of its taxable income (other than net capital gain) each year to qualify as a REIT. Our ability to access external capital could be hampered by several factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions in the U.S. and global equity and credit markets; changes in market perception of our growth potential, including rating agency downgrades by Moody s Investors Service, Standard Poor s Ratings Services or Fitch Ratings; if our credit ratings were to be downgraded, our access to capital and the cost of debt financing would be negatively impacted, particularly if we were downgraded to below an investment grade rating; decreases in our current or estimated future earnings or decreases or fluctuations in the market price of the common stock of Host Inc.; increases in interest rates; and the terms of our existing indebtedness, which would restrict our incurrence of additional debt if we were to fall below required covenant levels. The occurrence of any of the above factors, individually or in combination, could prevent us from being able to obtain the external capital we require on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on (i) our ability to finance our future growth and acquire hotels, (ii) our ability to meet our anticipated requirements for working capital, debt service and capital expenditures, and (iii) our results of operations and financial condition. Potential consequences of disruptions in U.S. and global equity and credit markets could include the need to seek alternative sources of capital with less attractive terms, such as more restrictive covenants, shorter maturity and higher costs, which would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity. We operate in a highly competitive industry. The lodging industry is highly competitive. Our principal competitors are other owners and investors in upper upscale and luxury full-service hotels, including other lodging REITs. Our hotels face strong competition for individual guests, group reservations and conference business from major hospitality chains with well-established and recognized brands, as well as from other smaller hotel chains, independent and local hotel owners and operators. Our hotels compete for customers primarily based on brand name recognition and reputation, as well as location, room rates, property size and availability of rooms and conference space, quality of the accommodations, customer satisfaction, amenities and the ability to earn and redeem loyalty program points. New hotel construction adds to supply, creating new competitors, in some cases without corresponding increases in demand for hotel rooms. We also compete for hotel acquisitions with others that have similar investment objectives to ours. This competition could limit the number of investment opportunities that we find suitable for our business. It also may increase the bargaining power of hotel owners seeking to sell to us, making it more difficult for us to acquire new hotels on attractive terms or on the terms contemplated in our business plan. Internet reservation channels remain a source of competition that could adversely affect our business. While a percentage of hotel rooms for individual or transient customers are booked through internet travel intermediaries, the brands we work with have enacted strategies to drive consumers directly to their website or reservation platform, although there can be no assurances that those strategies will be successful. Search engines (including generative AI search) and peer-to-peer inventory sources also provide online travel services that compete with our hotels. If bookings shift to higher cost distribution channels, including these internet travel intermediaries, it could materially impact our profitability. Internet travel intermediaries may also target group and convention business, which could divert such business and materially adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 20 Table of Contents There are inherent risks with investments in real estate, including their relative illiquidity. Investments in real estate are inherently illiquid and generally cannot be sold quickly. For this reason, we cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any hotel that we desire to sell for the price or on terms acceptable to us, or the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close on the sale of a hotel. Therefore, we may not be able to vary the composition of our portfolio promptly in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions or dispose of hotels at opportune times or on favorable terms, which may adversely affect our cash flows and our ability to pay dividends to stockholders. In addition, real estate ownership is subject to various risks, including: government regulations relating to real estate ownership or operations, including tax, environmental, zoning and eminent domain laws; loss in value of real estate due to changes in market conditions or the area in which it is located or losses in value due to changes in tax laws or increased property tax assessments; potential civil liability for accidents or other occurrences on owned or leased properties; the ongoing need for owner-funded capital improvements and expenditures in order to maintain or upgrade hotels; periodic total or partial closures due to renovations and facility improvements; and force majeure events, such as natural disasters or extreme weather, which may result in an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits. We have significant indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness. As of December 31, 2025, we and our subsidiaries had total indebtedness of approximately $5.1 billion. Our indebtedness requires us to commit a significant portion of our annual cash flow from operations to debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, dividends and distributions and other general corporate needs. Additionally, our substantial indebtedness could: make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness; limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or to obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate needs on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions. If our cash flow and working capital are not sufficient to fund our expenditures or service our indebtedness, we will be required to raise additional funds through sales of common or preferred OP units of Host L.P. or common or preferred stock of Host Inc., the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness by Host L.P. or sales of our assets. We cannot make any assurances that any of these sources of funds will be available to us or, if available, will be on terms that we would find acceptable or in amounts sufficient to meet our obligations or fulfill our business plan. The terms of our indebtedness place restrictions on us and on our subsidiaries, and these restrictions reduce our operational flexibility and create default risks. We are, and may in the future become, party to agreements and instruments that place restrictions on us and on our subsidiaries. For instance, the covenants in the documents governing the terms of our senior notes and our credit facility restrict, among other things, our ability to: incur additional indebtedness in excess of certain thresholds and without satisfying certain financial metrics; and under our credit facility, make acquisitions, investments, pay dividends and make distributions without satisfying certain financial metrics concerning leverage, fixed charge coverage and unsecured interest coverage. The restrictive covenants in our senior notes and credit facility may reduce our flexibility in conducting our operations. Failure to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all or a substantial portion of our indebtedness. For a detailed description of the 21 Table of Contents covenants and restrictions imposed by the documents governing our indebtedness, see Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition. Our expenses may not decrease if our revenues decrease. Many of the expenses associated with owning and operating hotels, such as debt-service payments, property taxes, insurance, utilities, and employee wages and benefits, are relatively inflexible. They do not necessarily decrease directly with a reduction in revenues at the hotels and may be subject to increases that are not tied to the performance of our hotels or the increase in the rate of inflation generally. Additionally, certain costs, such as wages, benefits and insurance, may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period. In the event of a significant decrease in demand, our hotel managers may not be able to reduce the size of hotel work forces in order to decrease wages and benefits. Our managers also may be unable to offset any fixed or increased expenses with higher room rates. Any of our efforts to reduce operating costs also could adversely affect the future growth of our business and the value of our hotels. Our acquisition of hotels may have a significant effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations. We routinely are actively engaged in the process of identifying, analyzing and negotiating possible transactions for acquiring hotels. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be successful in consummating future acquisitions on favorable terms or that we will realize the benefits that we anticipate from such acquisitions. Our failure to realize the intended benefits from one or more acquisitions could have a significant adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations. These adverse effects may occur because the performance of the hotel does not support the additional indebtedness and related interest expense that we incurred as a result of the acquisition. In addition, hotels and entities that we have acquired, or may in the future acquire, may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may have no recourse, or only limited recourse, against the sellers. In general, the representations and warranties provided in the transaction agreements may not survive long enough for us to become aware of such liabilities and to seek recourse against our sellers, and indemnification covering representations and warranties often is limited and subject to various materiality thresholds, a significant deductible or an aggregate cap on losses. As a result, there is no guarantee that we will recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches by the sellers of their representations and warranties. We may not achieve the value we anticipate from new hotel developments or value enhancement projects at our existing hotels. We currently are, and in the future may be, involved in the development or redevelopment of hotels, timeshare units or other alternate uses of portions of our existing hotels, including the development of retail, office, condominium or apartments, and including through joint ventures. There are risks inherent in any new development, including: We may not obtain the zoning, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations necessary to complete the development. A delay in receiving these approvals could affect adversely the returns we expect to receive. Any new construction involves the possibility of construction delays and cost overruns that may increase project costs, including increased costs due to shortages of supplies as a result of supply chain disruptions, trade disputes tariffs or other trade protection measures, immigration issues and policy changes, labor unrest or shortages, or other inflationary pressures. Defects in design or construction may result in delays and additional costs to remedy the defect or require a portion of a hotel to be closed during the period required to remedy the defect. We may not be able to meet the loan covenants in any indebtedness obtained to fund the new development, creating default risks. Risks related to changes in economic and market conditions between development commencement and property stabilization. Any of the above factors could affect adversely our ability to complete the developments on schedule and consistent with the scope that currently is contemplated, or to achieve the intended value of these projects. 22 Table of Contents We do not control our hotel operations, and we are dependent on the managers of our hotels. To maintain our status as a REIT, we are not permitted to operate or manage any of our hotels. As a result, we, through our taxable REIT subsidiaries, have entered into management agreements with third-party managers to operate our hotels. For this reason, we are unable to directly implement strategic business decisions with respect to the daily operation and marketing of our hotels, such as decisions with respect to the setting of room rates, food and beverage pricing and certain similar matters. Although we consult with our hotel operators with respect to strategic business plans, the hotel operators are under no obligation to implement any of our recommendations with respect to these matters. While we monitor the hotel managers performance, we have limited recourse under our management agreements if we believe that the hotel managers are not performing adequately. The cash flow from our hotels may be affected adversely if our managers fail to provide quality services and amenities or if they or their affiliates fail to maintain a quality brand name. Because our management agreements are long-term in nature, we also may not be able to terminate these agreements if we believe the manager is not performing adequately. Failure by our hotel managers to fully perform the duties agreed to in our management agreements or the failure of our managers to adequately manage the risks associated with hotel operations could affect adversely our results of operations. In addition, our hotel managers or their affiliates manage, and in some cases own, have invested in, or provided credit support or operating guarantees, to hotels that compete with our hotels, all of which may result in conflicts of interest. As a result, our hotel managers have in the past made, and may in the future make, decisions regarding competing lodging facilities that are not or would not be in our best interest. Furthermore, our management agreements for our brand managed properties generally have provisions that can restrict our ability to sell, lease or otherwise transfer our hotels, unless the transferee is not a competitor of the manager and the transferee assumes the related management agreements and meets other specified conditions. Our ability to finance or sell our hotels, depending upon the structure of the transactions, may require the manager s consent. Similarly, decisions with respect to the repositioning of a hotel, such as the outsourcing of food and beverage outlets, also may require the manager s consent. The hotels managed by Marriott International account for most of our revenues and operating income. Adverse developments in Marriott s business and affairs or financial condition could have a material adverse effect on us. Approximately 64% of our hotels (as measured by 2025 hotel revenues) are managed or franchised by Marriott International. We rely on Marriott s personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage and maintain our hotel operations efficiently, effectively, profitably and in compliance with the terms, responsibilities and duties of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. Any adverse developments in Marriott s business and affairs or financial condition could impair its ability to manage our hotels and could have a material adverse effect on us. We are subject to risks associated with the employment of hotel personnel, particularly with hotels that employ unionized labor. Our third-party managers are responsible for hiring, maintaining and managing the labor force at each of our hotels. We do not directly employ or manage employees at our consolidated hotels (other than employing, but not managing, directing or supervising, the employees at our three hotels in Brazil). However, we remain subject to many of the costs and risks generally associated with the hotel labor force, particularly at those hotels with unionized labor. From time to time, hotel operations may be disrupted because of strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions and publicity. In June 2026, the collective bargaining agreement in New York City will expire. Three of our hotels are subject to the collective bargaining agreement: the New York Marriott Marquis, the New York Marriott Downtown, and 1 Hotel Central Park. Those negotiations potentially could result in disruptions in operations and additional costs. We also may incur increased legal costs and indirect labor costs because of disputes involving our third-party managers and their labor force. The resolution of labor disputes or re-negotiated labor contracts could lead to increased labor costs, which is a significant component of our hotel operating costs, either by increases in wages or benefits or by changes in work rules that raise hotel operating costs. As we are not the employer nor bound by any collective bargaining agreement, we do not negotiate with any labor organization, and it is the responsibility of each hotel s manager to enter into such labor contracts. Our ability, if any, to have any meaningful impact on the outcome of these negotiations is restricted by and dependent on the management agreement covering a specific hotel and we may have little or no ability to control the outcome of these negotiations. 23 Table of Contents We may be deemed to be a joint employer with our third-party hotel managers under certain new laws, rules and regulations. As noted above, we do not directly employ or manage employees at our consolidated hotels, and our third-party managers are responsible for hiring and managing the labor force at our hotels. Recent legislative proposals introduced in certain states and local jurisdictions have included provisions requiring that hotel owners be deemed an employer of workers at our hotels. Changes in laws or regulations relating to the employer relationship that result in a determination that we are a joint employer with our hotel operators could subject us to liability for employment-related and other liabilities of our hotel operators and could cause us to incur other costs that have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our hotels have an ongoing need for renovations and potentially significant capital expenditures in order to remain competitive in the marketplace, to maintain brand standards or to comply with applicable laws or regulations. The timing and costs of such renovations or improvements may result in reduced operating performance during construction and may not improve the return on these investments. We need to make capital expenditures to remain competitive with other hotels, to maintain the economic value of our hotels and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We also are required by our hotel management agreements to make agreed upon capital expenditures to our hotels. The timing of these improvements can affect hotel performance, particularly if the improvements require closure of a significant number of rooms or other features of the hotels, such as ballrooms, meeting space and restaurants. These capital improvements reduce the availability of cash for other purposes and are subject to cost overruns and delays. In addition, because we depend on external sources of capital, we may not have the necessary funds to invest and, if we fail to maintain our hotels in accordance with brand standards set by our managers, they may terminate the management agreement. Moreover, we may not necessarily realize a significant, or any, improvement in the performance of the hotels at which we make these investments. A large proportion of our hotels are located in a limited number of large urban cities and, accordingly, we could be disproportionately harmed by adverse changes to these markets or events impacting these markets. Hotels in the following cities and states represented approximately 65% of our 2025 hotel revenues: New York, Washington, D.C., San Diego, San Francisco, Phoenix, Florida and Hawaii. An economic downturn, an increase in hotel supply in these cities and markets, natural disasters, weather events, terrorist attacks, health epidemics, or similar events in any one of these cities and markets likely would cause a decline in hotel demand and adversely affect occupancy rates, the financial performance of our hotels in these cities and markets and our overall results of operations. For example, lodging demand in Maui, one of our largest markets by revenues, has been significantly impacted by the wildfires that occurred in August 2023, and the effect on lodging demand is expected to continue in 2026. Additionally, a majority of our hotels in Florida were affected by Hurricane Ian in 2022 and a significant number of our hotels in Florida were affected by Hurricanes Helene and Milton in September and October 2024, respectively. The threat of terrorism also may negatively impact hotel occupancy and average daily rate, due to resulting disruptions in business and leisure travel patterns and concerns about travel safety. Hotels in major metropolitan areas, such as the major cities that represent our largest markets, may be particularly adversely affected due to concerns about travel safety. We may acquire or develop hotels in joint ventures with third parties that could result in conflicts. We have made investments in joint ventures, such as our 2022 joint venture with Noble Investment Group, LLC, and are exploring further investment or development opportunities. We