=== ANET_2026-04-16.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false 0001596532 0001596532 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001596532 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001596532 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001596532 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001596532 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 anet:GrantDateFairValueOfOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 anet:GrantDateFairValueOfOptionAwardsAndStockAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 anet:JayshreeUllalMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001596532 anet:MsUllalMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SEC TI ON 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (AMENDMENT NO. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Under 240.14a-12 ARISTA NETWORKS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. Table of Contents NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS DEAR STOCKHOLDERS OF ARISTA NETWORKS, INC.: The 2026 annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Arista Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation, will be held on Friday, May 29, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. Pacific Time. The Annual Meeting will be conducted in a virtual format to provide convenience to our stockholders and enable increased stockholder participation. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting online and submit your questions during the meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ANET2026. To access the virtual meeting, you will need to enter the control number included in your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ), on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. Our board of directors has fixed the close of business on April 2, 2026 as the record date for the Annual Meeting or any postponement, adjournment or continuation thereof. Only stockholders of record at the close of business on April 2, 2026 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting or any postponement, adjournment or continuation thereof. Further information regarding voting rights and the matters to be voted upon is presented in the accompanying proxy statement. If you plan on attending the Annual Meeting as a stockholder, you must follow the instructions set forth on page 13 of the accompanying proxy statement. On or about April 16, 2026, we expect to mail to our stockholders the Notice, which provides instructions on how to access our proxy statement for the Annual Meeting and our annual report to stockholders, how to vote online or by telephone, and how to receive a paper copy of the proxy materials by mail. The accompanying proxy statement and our annual report can be accessed directly at the following Internet address: www.proxyvote.com. All you have to do is enter the control number located on your proxy card. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. We urge you to submit your vote via the Internet, telephone or mail. We appreciate your continued support of Arista Networks, Inc. and look forward to either greeting you virtually at the Annual Meeting or receiving your proxy. By order of the Board of Directors, JAYSHREE ULLAL Chief Executive Officer and Chairperson Santa Clara, California April 16, 2026 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS 2026 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY 1 Proposals and Board Recommendations 1 Director Nominees 1 2025 Business Highlights 2 Board of Directors Snapshot 3 Our Commitment to Corporate Responsibility 5 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 13 BOARD OF DIRECTORS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 17 Nominees for Director 18 Continuing Directors 21 Key Elements of Board Independence at Arista 24 Director Commitments 24 Board Leadership Structure 25 Lead Independent Director 25 Board Structure 25 Board of Directors Evaluation Process 26 Board of Directors Meetings and Committees 27 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 30 Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees 30 Stockholder Recommendations for Nominations to the Board of Directors 31 Stockholder Outreach 31 Communications with the Board of Directors 38 Role of Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 38 Role of Board of Directors in Oversight of Corporate Responsibility 40 Talent Management and Succession Planning 40 Director Compensation 42 PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS 44 Nominees 44 Vote Required 44 PROPOSAL NO. 2 ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 45 Vote Required 45 PROPOSAL NO. 3 RATIFICATION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 46 Fees Paid to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 46 Auditor Independence 47 Audit Committee Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 47 Vote Required 47 AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT 48 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 49 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 50 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 50 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 50 Overview 52 Effect of Most Recent Stockholder Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 53 Executive Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 54 Executive Compensation Program Components 57 Named Executive Officer Employment Arrangements 66 Fiscal 2025 Summary Compensation Table 69 Outstanding Equity Awards at 2025 Fiscal Year-End 70 Fiscal 2025 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 74 Fiscal 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 75 Pension Benefits 75 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 75 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 76 2026 PROXY STATEMENT i Table of Contents Risk Assessment and Compensation Practices 77 Compensation Policies and Hedging/Pledging Policies 77 Insider Trading Policy 78 Tax and Accounting Considerations 78 CEO Pay Ratio 79 Pay Versus Performance 80 Equity Compensation Plan Information 85 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 86 RELATED PERSON TRANSACTIONS 89 Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 89 OTHER MATTERS 90 Householding 90 Stockholder Proposals 90 Availability of Bylaws 91 Fiscal Year 2025 Annual Report and SEC Filings 91 Forward-Looking Statements 91 APPENDIX A Reconciliation of Selected GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Measures A-1 ii Table of Contents 2026 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY This proxy statement and the enclosed form of proxy are furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our board of directors for use at the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders of Arista Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( we, us, our, the Company or Arista ), and any postponements, adjournments or continuations thereof (the Annual Meeting ). Our principal executive offices are located at 5453 Great America Parkway, Santa Clara, California 95054. This summary highlights information contained in this proxy statement. We encourage you to read the entire proxy statement for more information prior to voting. Proposals and Board Recommendations 1 Proposal for your Vote: Page 44 Elect three Class III directors to serve until the 2029 annual meeting of stockholders Board Voting Recommendation: FOR the election of Lewis Chew, Greg Lavender and Mark B. Templeton 2 Proposal for your Vote: Page 45 Advisory vote to approve our named executive officer compensation Board Voting Recommendation: FOR 3 Proposal for your Vote: Page 46 Ratification of the appointment of Ernest Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm Board Voting Recommendation: FOR Director Nominees Name and Occupation Age Director Since Independent Committees Lewis Chew, Director 63 2021 Audit Greg Lavender, Director 65 2025 Audit Mark B. Templeton, Director 73 2017 Compensation 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 1 Table of Contents 2025 Business Highlights 2025 Achievements Revenue for our fiscal year 2025 was $9.006 billion, an increase of 28.6% compared to fiscal year 2024. Arista unveiled the R4 series platforms for AI, data center, and routed backbone deployment, which are built to deliver high performance, low AI job completion times, low power consumption, and integrated security, while helping customers reduce total cost of ownership. Arista introduced innovations for massive scale campus mobility, including the Arista Virtual Ethernet Segment with Proxy ARP (Arista VESPA), which enables customers to deploy large-scale WLAN mobility domains. Arista s AVA (Autonomous Virtual Assistant) was extended with additional agentic AI capabilities for use cases such as multi-domain event correlation, continuous monitoring, and network troubleshooting. Arista launched cognitive campus switches for the industrial edge, which bring the power, reliability, and operational simplicity of our Extensible Operating System ( EOS ) to demanding industrial or outdoor environments. Arista engaged with industry leaders to deliver Ethernet for Scale-Up Networks (ESUN), which was unveiled at the OCP Global Summit in October 2025 as an OCP workstream committed to the goal of open standards-based solutions for scale-up AI networking. Arista announced AI agents to streamline network operations with the combined power of open standards like MCP and the robust data and programmability of Arista s EOS and NetDL. These agents empower organizations to more efficiently build, manage, and secure modern networks. Arista acquired the VeloCloud SD-WAN Portfolio from Broadcom. VeloCloud enables customers to securely and efficiently interconnect data centers and distributed campus/branch offices while complementing Arista s existing portfolio. Arista expanded its executive ranks when Todd Nightingale was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer, Kenneth Duda was promoted to President and Chief Technology Officer, and Tyson Lamoreaux was appointed Senior Vice President of Cloud and AI Networking. 2 Table of Contents Board of Directors Snapshot The following tables set forth information as of April 2, 2026, for each of our directors with terms expiring at the Annual Meeting and for each of the continuing members of our board of directors: DIRECTORS WITH TERMS EXPIRING AT THE ANNUAL MEETING/DIRECTOR NOMINEES BOARD COMMITTEES Name Class Age Director Since Current Term Expires Expiration of Term for Which Nominated Audit Comp Nom. Gov Independent Lewis Chew (Director Nominee) III 63 2021 2026 2029 CHAIR Greg Lavender (Director Nominee) III 65 2025 2026 2029 + Mark B. Templeton (Director Nominee) III 73 2017 2026 2029 + CONTINUING DIRECTORS BOARD COMMITTEES Name Class Age Director Since Current Term Expires Audit Comp Nom. Gov Independent Kelly Battles I 59 2020 2027 + Charles Giancarlo II 68 2013 2028 CHAIR Kenneth Duda I 54 2023 2027 Daniel Scheinman II 63 2011 2028 + CHAIR Jayshree Ullal I 65 2008 2027 Yvonne Wassenaar II 57 2022 2028 + + 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 3 Table of Contents BOARD SKILLS MATRIX The following table summarizes the key qualifications, skills and attributes of our director nominees and the continuing members of our board of directors. A mark indicates a specific area of focus or expertise on which our board of directors particularly relies. Not having a mark does not mean the director does not possess that qualification or skill. Our directors biographies describe each director s background and relevant experience in greater detail. Industry Expertise Insight in the cloud and software industry to oversee our business and the risks we face. + + + + + + + + + Senior Leadership Experience in senior leadership positions to analyze, advise and oversee management in decision making, operations and policies. + + + + + + + + + Financial Knowledge and Expertise Knowledge of financial markets, financing and accounting and financial reporting processes. + + + + + + + + Backgrounds and Experiences Backgrounds and experiences that provide unique perspectives and enhance decision-making. + + + + Cybersecurity/Information Security Expertise to oversee cybersecurity, privacy, and information security management. + + + + + Sales, Marketing and Brand Management Sales, marketing and brand management experience to provide expertise and guidance to grow sales and enhance our brand. + + + + + Global/International Experience and Knowledge Experience and knowledge of global operations, business conditions and culture to advise and oversee our global business. + + + + + + + + Governance, Risk Oversight and Compliance Experience in public company corporate governance, risk oversight and management, compliance, policy and creating long term sustainable value. + + + + + + + + Emerging Technologies and Business Models Experience identifying and developing emerging technologies and business models to advise, analyze and strategize regarding emerging technologies, business models and potential acquisitions disrupting our industry, business and company. + + + + + + + + + Human Capital Management Experience attracting and retaining top talent to advise and oversee our people and compensation policies. + + + + + + + + + Public Company Board Experience Experience to understand the dynamics and operation of a public company and the applicable legal and regulatory landscape and risks. + + + + + + + + + Corporate Responsibility Experience Experience addressing governance, environmental and social issues, including climate risk. + + + + + + + 4 Table of Contents Our Commitment to Corporate Responsibility Arista is committed to continued transparency, proactive engagement and consistent communication of our corporate responsibility strategies and programs. Our core competency remains designing, manufacturing and delivering leading software-driven cloud networking solutions. However, Arista is also dedicated to delivering a superior customer experience, increasing stockholder value, serving our communities and creating a workplace where talent is rewarded and can thrive. To maximize our efforts, we continue to focus our corporate programs on key material aspects related to good governance, environmental stewardship, supply chain management, and social responsibility. We are committed to sound corporate governance principles that we believe serve the best interest of all our stockholders and to maintaining the highest level of professional and ethical standards in the conduct of our business around the world. Our board of directors and senior leadership team recognize the continued importance of striving to meet all our responsibilities. We believe our reputation for integrity and fair dealing is an important component of our success and the personal satisfaction of our employees. We are also dedicated to driving additional progress in initiatives to enhance sustainability, employee engagement and transparency through continuous improvement. The core values of Arista reflect what is truly important to us as an organization. Arista was founded on the principle of doing things the Arista Way, which is to drive for customer success in every aspect of what we do. We build and deliver innovative, high-quality products and services through commitment, innovation and uncompromising focus on customer needs. This includes a commitment to designing, manufacturing and delivering leading software-driven cloud networking solutions in an environmentally and socially responsible manner and our corporate governance practices, such as those listed below, are meant to further our pursuit of the Arista Way. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 5 Table of Contents Arista has robust and comprehensive policies and procedures in place that support honest business conduct and solid business ethics. The full text of several of these policies, including our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, Corporate Governance Guidelines, and Whistleblower Policy are available in the Governance section of our website at https://investors.arista.com. 6 Table of Contents STOCKHOLDER OUTREACH We regularly evaluate our corporate governance practices against prevailing best practices and emerging and evolving topics identified through stockholder outreach, current literature and corporate governance organizations. We are receptive and responsive to the perspectives of our stockholders as expressed through their engagement with us. As we have in previous years, we again engaged in meaningful, robust and proactive stockholder outreach throughout 2025 and into 2026, with participation by several of our independent directors, including our Lead Independent Director and the Chair of our Compensation Committee, senior leadership, and investor relations team. These discussions covered a wide variety of topics, including executive compensation, corporate governance, and sustainability. We take our stockholders feedback on all matters, including executive compensation, seriously, as discussed further in the section entitled Board of Directors Corporate Governance Stockholder Outreach. Furthermore, we are committed to meaningful outreach and engagement with our stockholders again in the coming year. In particular, we understand the importance of stockholder input on our executive compensation, particularly in light of our say-on-pay vote in 2025. As discussed in detail in the section entitled, Board of Directors Corporate Governance Stockholder Outreach Response to 2025 Say-On-Pay, members of our board of directors, including the Chair of the Compensation Committee, senior leadership and the investor relations team reached out to our stockholders for input specifically about our executive compensation program. During this focused outreach, we obtained feedback from 18 stockholders, collectively representing over 30% of our shares outstanding, including 10 of our top 25 institutional stockholders. Our Compensation Committee took the feedback from our stockholders seriously when considering the design of our executive compensation programs. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 7 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS We are committed to aligning executive compensation incentives with the best interests of Arista and our stockholders. Therefore, a significant portion of the direct compensation opportunity for Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ) is variable and at-risk because it is contingent on the achievement of defined performance goals. Furthermore, the equity vesting structure for our NEOs requires long service periods before equity awards vest in full, incentivizing retention and a long-term perspective. As discussed further in the section entitled Executive Compensation, we believe that our executive compensation program is designed to align executive compensation with performance and promote retention. As part of designing an effective executive compensation program, we have adopted many compensation-related best practices. The following compensation governance standards in our executive compensation policies and practices are currently in effect: What We Do What We Do Not Do Annual Review. We perform annual reviews of our executive compensation program. Performance-Based Equity. In 2025, we continued to use performance-based equity as a significant part of our compensation program for our NEOs. Independence. Our Compensation Committee is made up solely of independent directors and makes all executive compensation decisions. Compensation Consultant. Our Compensation Committee engages its own independent compensation consultant to assist with its compensation reviews. Stock Ownership Guidelines. To align the long-term interests of our CEO, CFO, and Presidents with those of our stockholders, these executives are required to own specified minimum levels of Company stock. Clawback Policy. We may seek the recovery of cash incentive compensation and performance-based equity compensation paid to our executive officers. Robust Stockholder Engagement . We engaged in an active, year-round stockholder engagement process where we meet with our stockholders and other key stakeholders to discuss, among other topics, our executive compensation programs. Annual Advisory Say-On-Pay . We solicit an advisory vote on executive compensation on an annual basis. No Executive-Only Retirement Programs. We do not offer pension arrangements, retirement plans, or nonqualified deferred compensation plans or arrangements to our executive officers, other than the plans generally available to all employees. No Excise Tax Gross-Ups. We do not offer golden parachute tax gross-ups to any of our NEOs or other executive officers. No Single-Trigger Benefits and Limited Double-Trigger Benefits. Potential change in control payments and benefits are limited in nature and are received only in connection with the termination of employment without cause or for good reason in connection with or following a change in control. No Equity Award Repricing or Exchange . Awards under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ) may not be repriced or exchanged without stockholder approval. No Dividends or Distributions . No dividends or distributions are paid with respect to the unvested portion of awards under our 2014 Plan. 8 Table of Contents Arista s Environmental Policy, ethos, and culture of efficiency and innovation continue to drive our passionate and pragmatic approach to environmental sustainability. Through our Environmental Management System, Arista implements our objectives for achieving pollution prevention, environmental protection and monitoring, environmental sustainability, greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emissions and climate risk management, and ongoing proactive monitoring and continuous improvement in the environmental performance of our operations. In 2025, Arista s Science-Based Targets were validated and approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative ( SBTi ), and Arista is now implementing these targets in earnest, with great dedication, with an expanded team to support greater net zero supplier and customer engagement. We continue to lead in transparency, disclosing the results of our third-party verified, comprehensive inventory of Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions. 2025 was a year of integration and internal capacity building to enhance cross-functional alignment to better serve our customer needs in the age of AI datacenter energy challenges and ever-increasing global resource constraints through further innovations in product energy and resource efficiency. We also convened a cross-functional team to complete an updated climate risk assessment to support enhanced readiness for potential transitional, market and physical risks. Each new generation of our products demonstrates improved network capacity and energy efficiency for high performance data center installations. This evolution supports reductions in GHG emissions intensity and power consumption for our customers to advance their sustainability goals. In addition, Arista s new products continue to use power supplies that are rated 80-Plus Platinum or better, which helps reduce the total product power consumption and heat generated from the power supplies. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 9 Table of Contents We are committed to integrating sustainability in every aspect of our products life cycles across the value chain, from the materials and components that make up our products, to the end of life of the product, while meeting Arista customers requirements and supporting their sustainability aspirations. For example, our certified recycling partners ensure environmentally responsible disposal in compliance with ISO 14001 standards. We continue to implement Design for Environment principles in our development process with the goal of minimizing the overall adverse environmental impact of our products. Specifically, Arista focuses on reducing material diversity and weight, selecting more environmentally friendly materials, designing for ease of disassembly and recycling, energy efficiency, longevity, upgradeability, and efficient and sustainable packaging. As such, Arista provides opportunities for our employees to gain necessary and desired skills and knowledge as well as upskill via a library of on-demand classes, webinars and in-person training. Arista s employees participate in incentive stock and bonus plans that support our organizational philosophy of allowing employees to share in our performance and success. Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain, and reward performance and align incentives with achievement of Arista s strategic plan and both short- and long-term operating objectives. In accordance with our compensation philosophy established by the Compensation Committee and the board of directors, we believe our executive pay is well aligned with performance, creating a positive relationship between our operational performance and stockholder returns. 10 Table of Contents Arista is all about respect, integrity, innovation, passion, pride, and trust. We conduct employee engagement surveys globally on an annual basis to gather information and feedback from our team members. We use a holistic organization-wide approach to respond to the results of the surveys, analyzing the data for potential actions and positive change that can be taken in the areas of leadership, communication, culture, inclusion, professional development and other areas. Beyond the workplace, the health and wellbeing of our colleagues is among our top priorities and in recognition of this, Arista offers ongoing wellness webinars and quarterly wellness weeks focused on mental, physical and financial health, social activity and professional development. We strive to build an inclusive culture that encourages, supports and celebrates the voices of all our employees. It fuels our innovation and connects us closer to the customers and communities we serve. We believe that the voices of our employees are the ultimate barometer in evaluating our success. In 2025, Arista was extremely honored and humbled to receive a record number of external recognitions primarily based on enthusiastic employee feedback. These recognitions include: We are committed to developing a qualified and motivated workforce to power our continued evolution. The health and safety of our employees is among our top priorities. Our policy is to maintain our facilities and run our business operations in a manner that does not jeopardize the occupational health and safety of our employees. We provide necessary and legally required training to employees on safety standards and protocols. Our Global Facilities team continues to proactively work to reduce and eliminate potential risks and ensures compliance with local laws and regulations. To evaluate performance, we regularly measure and monitor workplace safety and implement continuous improvements. We are aware of how our presence and partnership can positively impact others. Therefore, we are consciously and continuously working to systemically create positive change in our communities by partnering with impactful nonprofits through fundraising and sponsorship activities as well as volunteer events. The Arista Foundation s giving priorities are aligned with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and are generally focused on education, hunger, environmental sustainability, and disaster relief. In 2025, we are proud to have: Continued our partnership and support of Arizona State University, including their Technical Upskilling program, providing workforce readiness training and technical certification opportunities. Rapidly hosted an employee fundraiser with matching Arista Foundation support to provide aid for those impacted by the fires in Southern California and the floods in Punjab, India. Planted trees globally through partnerships with a number of nonprofits. Provided over a million meals to people in need through a combination of employee donations and matching Arista Foundation funds as part of our annual Global Giving Drive through our partners, Second Harvest of Silicon Valley, Feeding America, New Hampshire Food Bank, Central Texas Food Bank, Greater Vancouver Food Bank, and Foodbank Australia. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 11 Table of Contents Through strategic nonprofit partnerships, pro bono work, volunteerism and philanthropy, our corporate responsibility efforts are focused on contributing to the creation of a better world. Going forward, Arista will continue to partner with nonprofit organizations that work to increase the number of individuals having access to education, decrease the number of individuals facing economic barriers and support the communities in which we operate and our employees work and live. We engage responsibly and proactively with suppliers throughout our global supply chain to conserve resources, save costs, and ensure ethical practices and sustainable sourcing. Our Supply Chain Sustainability Expectations Policy defines explicit requirements designed to reflect industry-leading practices. As a proud member of the Responsible Business Alliance ( RBA ), which strives to develop a global supply chain that consistently operates with social, environmental and economic responsibility, we work to embed RBA practices in our operations. In accordance with the commitments in our Human Rights Policy, Arista takes measures to continuously ensure the absence of slavery, human trafficking and forced labor in our supply chain and therefore, ensure compliance with the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, Australian Modern Slavery Act and the UK Modern Slavery Act. We perform supplier risk assessments and encourage our suppliers to adhere to the RBA Code of Conduct, which outlines comprehensive standards across labor practices, health and safety, environmental stewardship, business ethics, and management systems. Furthermore, we continue to be a member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative and have management systems in place to ensure that the components of our products are sourced responsibly. Arista s website contains more information on our corporate responsibility programs. We routinely engage with our stockholders to better understand their views, carefully considering the feedback we receive and acting when appropriate. For more information, please visit our corporate website: arista.com. 12 Table of Contents QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS The information provided in the question and answer format below is for your convenience only and is merely a summary of the information contained in this proxy statement. You should read this entire proxy statement carefully. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not intended to be incorporated by reference into this proxy statement and references to our website address in this proxy statement are inactive textual references only. Q How do I vote? Q Can I change my vote? A If you are a stockholder of record, you can vote in one of the following ways: A Yes. Subject to the voting deadlines noted above, if you are a stockholder of record, you can change your vote or revoke your proxy any time before the Annual Meeting by: by Internet at http://www.proxyvote.com, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 28, 2026 (have your proxy card in hand when you visit the website); by toll-free telephone at 1-800-690-6903 until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on May 28, 2026 (have your proxy card in hand when you call); by signing, dating, and returning your proxy card (if you received printed proxy materials); or by attending and voting at the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ANET2026 . To attend and participate in the Annual Meeting, you will need the control number included in your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice ), on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. If you are a street name stockholder, you will receive voting instructions from your broker, bank or other nominee. You must follow the voting instructions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee in order to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares. Street name stockholders should generally be able to vote by returning an instruction card, or by telephone or on the Internet. However, the availability of telephone and Internet voting will depend on the voting process of your broker, bank or other nominee. If you are a street name stockholder, you may not vote your shares at the Annual Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we urge you to vote by proxy to ensure your vote is counted. entering a new vote by Internet or by telephone; returning a later-dated proxy card; notifying the Secretary of Arista Networks, Inc., in writing, at Arista Networks, Inc., 5453 Great America Parkway, Santa Clara, California 95054; or attending and voting at the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ANET2026 . If you are a street name stockholder, your broker, bank or other nominee can provide you with instructions on how to change your vote. Q Who is entitled to vote? A Holders of our common stock as of the close of business on April 2, 2026, the record date, may vote at the Annual Meeting. As of the record date, there were 1,259,169,438 shares of our common stock outstanding. In deciding all matters at the Annual Meeting, each stockholder will be entitled to one vote for each share of our common stock held by them on the record date. We do not have cumulative voting rights for the election of directors. Stockholders of Record. If shares of our common stock are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, you are considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares, and the Notice was provided to you directly by us. As the stockholder of record, you have the right to grant your voting proxy directly to the individuals listed on the proxy card or to vote on your own behalf at the Annual Meeting. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 13 Table of Contents Street Name Stockholders. If shares of our common stock are held on your behalf in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, you are considered the beneficial owner of those shares held in street name, and the Notice was forwarded to you by your broker or nominee, who is considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker or nominee how to vote your shares. Beneficial owners are also invited to attend the Annual Meeting. However, since a beneficial owner is not the stockholder of record, you may not vote your shares of our common stock at the Annual Meeting unless you follow your broker s procedures for obtaining a legal proxy. Throughout this proxy, we refer to stockholders who hold their shares through a broker, bank or other nominee as street name stockholders. Q How do I ask questions during the Annual Meeting? You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting online and submit your questions during the meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ANET2026 . To access the virtual meeting, you will need to enter the control number included in the Notice, on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. Questions pertinent to meeting matters will be answered during the meeting, subject to time constraints. Questions regarding personal matters are not pertinent to meeting matters and, therefore, will not be answered. If we receive substantially similar questions, we may group such questions together and provide a single response to avoid repetition. Q What is a quorum? Q How can I get help if I have trouble checking in or listening to the meeting online? A quorum is the minimum number of shares required to be present at the Annual Meeting for the Annual Meeting to If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual meeting during the check-in or meeting time, please call the technical support be properly held under our amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law. The presence (including by proxy) of a majority of all issued and outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will constitute a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions, withhold votes and broker non- votes are counted as shares present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining a quorum. number that will be posted on the Virtual Shareholder Meeting log-in page. Q What is the effect of giving a proxy? Proxies are solicited by and on behalf of our board of directors. Jayshree Ullal, Chantelle Breithaupt and Sean Christofferson have been designated as proxies by our board of directors. When a proxy is properly dated, signed and returned, the shares represented by such proxy will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the instructions of the stockholder contained on such proxy. If no specific instructions are given, however, the shares will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of our board of directors as described above. If any matters not described in this proxy statement are properly presented at the Annual Meeting, the proxy holders will use their own judgment to determine how to vote the shares. Q Do I have to do anything in advance if I plan to attend the Annual Meeting? The Annual Meeting will be a completely virtual meeting, which will be conducted via a live webcast. You are entitled to participate in the Annual Meeting only if you were a stockholder of record as of the close of business on April 2, 2026 or if you hold a valid proxy for the Annual Meeting. You will be able to attend the Annual Meeting online and submit your questions during the meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ANET2026 . To access the virtual meeting, you will need to enter the control number included in the Notice, on your proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. We encourage you to access the meeting prior to the start time. Online check-in will begin at 10:45 a.m. Pacific Time, and you should allow ample time for the check-in procedures. 14 Table of Contents Q Why did I receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials instead of a full set of proxy materials? In accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), we have elected to furnish our proxy materials, including this proxy statement and our annual report, primarily via the Internet. The Notice containing instructions on how to access our proxy materials is first being mailed on or about April 16, 2026, to all stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Stockholders may request to receive all future proxy materials in printed form by mail or electronically by e-mail by following the instructions contained in the Notice. We encourage stockholders to take advantage of the availability of our proxy materials on the Internet to help reduce the environmental impact of our annual meetings of stockholders. Q How are proxies solicited for the Annual Meeting? Our board of directors is soliciting proxies for use at the Annual Meeting. All expenses associated with this solicitation will be borne by us. Copies of solicitation materials will also be made available upon request to brokers, banks and other nominees to forward to the beneficial owners of the shares held of record by such brokers, banks or other nominees. The original solicitation of proxies may be supplemented by solicitation by telephone, electronic communication, or other means by our directors, officers and employees. No additional compensation will be paid to these individuals for any such services, although we may reimburse such individuals for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with such solicitation. We may also reimburse brokerage firms, banks and other agents for the cost of forwarding proxy materials to beneficial owners. We will reimburse brokers or other nominees for reasonable expenses that they incur in sending our proxy materials to you if a broker or other nominee holds shares of our common stock on your behalf. Q How may my brokerage firm or other intermediary vote my shares if I fail to provide timely directions? Brokerage firms and other intermediaries holding shares of our common stock in street name for customers are generally required to vote such shares in the manner directed by their customers. In the absence of timely directions, your broker will have discretion to vote your shares on our sole routine matter: the proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst Young LLP. Absent direction from you, your broker will not have discretion to vote on the election of directors or on the approval, on an advisory basis, of executive compensation of our named executive officers, which are non-routine matters. Q Where can I find the voting results of the Annual Meeting? We will announce preliminary voting results at the Annual Meeting. We will also disclose voting results on a Current Report on Form 8-K that we will file with the SEC within four business days after the Annual Meeting. If final voting results are not available to us in time to file a Current Report on Form 8-K within four business days after the Annual Meeting, we will file a Current Report on Form 8-K to publish preliminary results and will provide the final results in an amendment to this Current Report on Form 8-K as soon as they become available. Q How many votes are needed for approval of each proposal? Proposal One : The election of directors requires a plurality of the voting power of the shares of our common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote thereon to be approved. Plurality means that the nominees who receive the largest number of votes cast FOR such nominees are elected as directors. As a result, any shares not voted FOR a particular nominee, whether as a result of stockholder abstention or a broker non-vote (in other words, where a broker has not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner and for which the broker does not have discretionary power to vote on a particular matter), will not be counted in such nominee s favor and will have no effect on the outcome of the election. You may vote FOR or WITHHOLD on each of the nominees for election as a director. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 15 Table of Contents Proposal Two : The approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares of our common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter to be approved. You may vote FOR, AGAINST, or ABSTAIN with respect to this proposal. Abstentions are considered shares present and entitled to vote on the subject matter, and thus, will have the same effect as a vote AGAINST this proposal. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Proposal Three : The ratification of the appointment of Ernst Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares of our common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter to be approved. You may vote FOR, AGAINST, or ABSTAIN with respect to this proposal. Abstentions are considered shares present and entitled to vote on the subject matter, and thus, will have the same effect as a vote AGAINST this proposal. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. 16 Table of Contents BOARD OF DIRECTORS CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our business affairs are managed under the direction of our board of directors. Our board of directors is divided into three staggered classes of directors. At each annual meeting of stockholders, a class of directors will be elected for a three-year term to succeed the same class whose term is then expiring. Our board of directors is committed to good corporate governance practices. These practices provide an important framework within which our board of directors and management can pursue our strategic objectives for the benefit of our stockholders. Our board of directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that address items such as the qualifications and responsibilities of our directors and director candidates and corporate governance policies and standards applicable to us in general. The full text of our Corporate Governance Guidelines is available in the Governance section of our website at http://investors.arista.com. We believe that good governance leads to high board effectiveness, promotes the long-term interests of our stockholders, strengthens the accountability of the board of directors and management, and improves our standing as a trusted member of the communities we serve. BOARD EFFECTIVENESS WORKING DYNAMICS BOARD OF DIRECTORS STRUCTURE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES BOARD OF DIRECTORS COMPOSITION 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 17 Table of Contents Board Composition Set forth below is biographical information for the nominees and for each of the continuing members of our board of directors. This includes information regarding each director s experience, qualifications, attributes or skills that led our board of directors to recommend them for board service. NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR Lewis Chew Independent Director Age: 63 Director Since: 2021 Committee(s): Audit (Chair) Other Current Public Company Boards: Cadence Design Systems, Inc. Intuitive Surgical, Inc. Experience Mr. Chew has served as a member of our board of directors since July 2021. From June 2012 to October 2021, Mr. Chew served as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Dolby Laboratories, Inc., an audio, voice and imaging technology company. From April 2001 to September 2011, Mr. Chew served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of National Semiconductor Corporation, a designer and manufacturer of semiconductor components. Prior to joining National Semiconductor Corporation, Mr. Chew was a partner at KPMG LLP, an accounting firm. Since March 2020, Mr. Chew has served on the board of directors of Cadence Design Systems, Inc., a multinational computational software company, where he is chair of the audit committee, and since April 2024, Mr. Chew has served as a member of the board of directors and chair of the audit committee of Intuitive Surgical, Inc., a leading surgical robotics company. From September 2009 to April 2019, Mr. Chew served as a director of PG E Corporation, an energy-based holding company, where he served as chair of both the public policy committee and the audit committee. Mr. Chew holds a B.S. in Accounting from the Leavey School of Business at Santa Clara University. Qualifications We believe Mr. Chew possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Chew brings extensive experience in financial reporting, audit and operations as a partner at KPMG LLP and senior executive officer at technology companies like Dolby Laboratories, Inc. In addition, Mr. Chew has valuable financial and audit oversight experience as a board and audit committee member of companies in the technology industry like Cadence Design Systems, Inc. and Intuitive Surgical, Inc. Key Skills Added to the Board: Industry Expertise Senior Leadership Financial Knowledge and Expertise Backgrounds/ Experiences Cybersecurity/ Information Security Sales, Marketing and Brand Management Global/ International Experience and Knowledge Governance, Risk Oversight and Compliance Emerging Technologies and Business Models Human Capital Management Public Company Board Experience 18 Table of Contents Greg Lavender Independent Director Age: 65 Director Since: 2025 Committee(s): Audit Other Current Public Company Boards: Nutanix, Inc. Experience Dr. Lavender has served as a member of our board of directors since March 2025. Dr. Lavender is the co-founder and has served as Chief Technology Officer of Confidential Core AI, Inc., a company that addresses data security and agentic safety challenges with AI technology, since August 2025. Dr. Lavender served as the Chief Technology Officer for Intel Corporation, a semiconductor manufacturing company from November 2023 to June 2025. Prior to becoming the Chief Technology Officer at Intel Corporation, Dr. Lavender was the Corporate Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President / General Manager of the Software and Advanced Technology Group of Intel Corporation from June 2021 to November 2023. From January 2018 to June 2021, Dr. Lavender, held senior positions, including Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, at VMware, a software development company. Prior to VMware, Dr. Lavender held leadership positions at Citigroup, Cisco Systems and Sun Microsystems. Since September 2025, Dr. Lavender has served on the board of directors of Nutanix, Inc., a hybrid multi-cloud virtual software company. Dr. Lavender also serves as Visiting Industry Fellow in Computer Science at Cambridge University. Before Dr. Lavender s career in tech began, he was on the faculty of the University of Texas at Austin for 14 years, including three years as Associate Chairman for Academics. Dr. Lavender holds a B.S. in computer science (applied mathematics) from the University of Georgia, and an M.S. in computer science (software engineering) and a Ph.D. in computer science (networking and distributed systems) from Virginia Tech. Qualifications We believe Dr. Lavender possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our board of directors. Dr. Lavender brings extensive technological and leadership experience as the former Chief Technology Officer of Intel Corporation and from prior senior leadership roles in technology and finance. Key Skills Added to the Board: Industry Expertise Senior Leadership Financial Knowledge and Expertise Backgrounds/ Experiences Cybersecurity/ Information Security Sales, Marketing and Brand Management Global/ International Experience and Knowledge Governance, Risk Oversight and Compliance Emerging Technologies and Business Models Human Capital Management Public Company Board Experience CR Experience 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 19 Table of Contents Mark B. Templeton Independent Director Age: 73 Director Since: 2017 Committee(s): Compensation Other Current Public Company Boards: Nutanix, Inc. Experience Mr. Templeton has served as a member of our board of directors since June 2017. Mr. Templeton served as the chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of DigitalOcean, Inc., a cloud computing company from June 2018 to August 2019. Previously, he served as the president and chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Citrix Systems, Inc., a global provider of virtualization, mobility management, networking and software as service solutions, from January 1998 until his retirement in October 2015. Since July 2023, Mr. Templeton has served on the board of directors of Nutanix, Inc., a hybrid multi-cloud virtual software company. Mr. Templeton served on the board of directors of Health Catalyst, Inc., a provider of data and analytics technology and services to healthcare organizations, from July 2020 to March 2024. Mr. Templeton served on the board of directors of Equifax, Inc., a consumer credit reporting agency, from February 2008 to November 2018 and Keysight Technologies, Inc., an electronics test and measurement equipment company, from November 2015 to July 2018. Mr. Templeton holds a B.A. in product design from North Carolina State University and an M.B.A. from the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia. Qualifications We believe Mr. Templeton possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Templeton brings extensive leadership, operations and industry experience from his roles as chief executive officer of DigitalOcean, Inc. and Citrix Systems, Inc., among other leadership positions. In addition, Mr. Templeton has valuable oversight experience at a variety of public companies in the technology industry. Key Skills Added to the Board: Industry Expertise Senior Leadership Financial Knowledge and Expertise Sales, Marketing and Brand Management Global/ International Experience and Knowledge Governance, Risk Oversight and Compliance Emerging Technologies and Business Models Human Capital Management Public Company Board Experience CR Experience 20 Table of Contents CONTINUING DIRECTORS Age: 59 Director Since: 2020 Committee(s): Audit Other Current Public Company Boards: ThredUp Inc. Kelly Battles Independent Director Experience Ms. Battles has served as a member of our board of directors since July 2020. Ms. Battles has over 30 years of finance, strategy and operational leadership experience. From July 2020 to January 2022, Ms. Battles served as chief financial officer of Alpha Medical Group, a telemedicine provider, where she has also served as a member of the board of directors since January 2022. From November 2016 to March 2020, Ms. Battles served as chief financial officer of Quora, Inc., a knowledge platform. Ms. Battles also previously served as chief financial officer of Bracket Computing, a cloud computing company, and Host Analytics, Inc., a cloud-based enterprise performance management solutions company. She served as vice president of finance of IronPort Systems, an email and web security company (since acquired by Cisco Systems, Inc.), director of strategy and corporate development group of Hewlett-Packard Company, an information technology company, and as an associate at both McKinsey and Company and JPMorgan Chase and Company earlier in her career. Since December 2025, Ms. Battles has served as a member of the board of directors and chair of the audit committee of ThredUp Inc., an online consignment and thrift store. Ms. Battles also currently serves as an independent board member and audit committee chair of Genesys Cloud Services, Inc., a software company, and Qumulo, Inc., an enterprise-grade unstructured data platform company. Ms. Battles holds a B.S.E. in Operations Research / Systems Management from Princeton University and an M.B.A. from Harvard University. Qualifications We believe Ms. Battles possesses specific attributes that qualify her to serve as a member of our board of directors. Ms. Battles brings extensive experience leading financial reporting, audit and operations from her roles as a chief financial officer and finance leader for a number of companies, including Alpha Medical Group, Quora and Bracket Computing. She also has valuable experience as a board member of companies in the technology industry like ThredUp Inc. and Genesys Cloud Services, Inc. Age: 54 Director Since: 2023 Committee(s): N/A Kenneth Duda Director Experience Mr. Duda is one of our founders and has served in various roles with us from 2004 to present. Mr. Duda has served as a member of our board of directors since December 2023. Since September 2025, Mr. Duda has served as our President. Since September 2011, Mr. Duda has served as our Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Software Engineering. From April 1999 to October 2004, Mr. Duda served as chief technology officer of There, Inc., a virtual worlds company. From September 1996 to April 1999, Mr. Duda was leading the software development of the switch kernel for the Gigabit System Business Unit with Cisco Systems, Inc. Mr. Duda holds a B.S. and an M.S. in Computer Science and Electrical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Stanford University. Qualifications We believe Mr. Duda possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Duda brings unparalleled insights as one of our founders, our President and Chief Technology Officer, and as a technological leader and innovator. He has extensive experience in the networking industry and unique operational insight and expertise that he has accumulated as one of our founders and as our President and Chief Technology Officer. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 21 Table of Contents Age: 68 Director Since: 2013 Committee(s): Compensation (Chair) Other Current Public Company Boards: Pure Storage, Inc. Zscaler, Inc. Charles Giancarlo Independent Director Experience Mr. Giancarlo has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2013. Mr. Giancarlo has been chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Pure Storage, Inc., a data storage solutions company, since August 2017, and Chairman of the board of directors of Pure Storage, Inc. since September 2018. From January 2008 to October 2015, Mr. Giancarlo served as a managing director of Silver Lake Partners, a private investment firm and served as a senior advisor to the firm until 2015. From May 1993 to December 2007, Mr. Giancarlo served in various positions with Cisco Systems, Inc., most recently as executive vice president and chief development officer. Mr. Giancarlo has also served on the board of directors of Zscaler, Inc., a cloud-based information security company, since November 2016. He previously served as a director of Accenture plc, from November 2008 to February 2019. Mr. Giancarlo holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Brown University, an M.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of California at Berkeley and an M.B.A. from Harvard University. Qualifications We believe Mr. Giancarlo possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our board of directors. He has extensive experience as a venture capital investor from his time with Silver Lake Partners. He also has unparalleled industry insight due to his role at Pure Storage, Inc. Beyond those qualifications, Mr. Giancarlo brings business leadership, management, operations and oversight experience from his executive and board roles at companies in the technology industry. Age: 63 Director Since: 2011 Committee(s): Compensation Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair) Lead independent director Other Current Public Company Boards: Zoom Video Communications, Inc. SentinelOne, Inc. Daniel Scheinman Independent Director Experience Mr. Scheinman has served as a member of our board of directors since October 2011. Since April 2011, Mr. Scheinman has been an angel investor. From January 1997 to April 2011, Mr. Scheinman served in various capacities with Cisco Systems, Inc., most recently as senior vice president, Cisco Media Solutions Group. Mr. Scheinman has served as a member of the board of directors of Zoom Video Communications, Inc., a cloud-based video communications company, since October 2011, where he is lead director, chair of the audit committee and a member of the compensation committee and SentinelOne, Inc., an autonomous AI endpoint security platform since September 2015, where he is lead independent director, chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee and a member of the compensation committee. He also currently serves on the board of directors of several private companies. Mr. Scheinman holds a B.A. in Politics from Brandeis University and a J.D. from the Duke University School of Law. Qualifications We believe Mr. Scheinman possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our board of directors. He has extensive experience in investments and in the legal and technology industries from his time practicing law and with Cisco Systems, Inc. He also brings valuable board leadership experience from his public company board roles at Zoom Video Communications, Inc. and SentinelOne, Inc. 22 Table of Contents Age: 65 Director Since: 2008 Committee(s): N/A Other Current Public Company Boards: Snowflake Inc. Jayshree Ullal Director Experience Ms. Ullal has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors since October 2008 and as our Chairperson of the Board since December 2023. Ms. Ullal served as our President from October 2008 to September 2025. From September 1993 to May 2008, Ms. Ullal served in various positions at Cisco Systems, Inc., with her last position as senior vice president of data center, switching and services group. Prior to that, Ms. Ullal was a vice president of marketing at Crescendo Communications, Inc., Cisco s first acquisition in 1993. She has also held various product and engineering positions at Ungermann-Bass, a computer networking company, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a semiconductor company, and Fairchild Semiconductor, a semiconductor company. Ms. Ullal has served as a member of the board of directors of Snowflake Inc., a cloud-based data warehousing company since June 2020, where she currently serves as Chair of the Compensation Committee. Ms. Ullal holds a B.S. in Engineering (Electrical) from San Francisco State University and an M.S. in Engineering Management from Santa Clara University. She is a 2013 recipient of the Santa Clara University School of Engineering Distinguished Engineering Alumni Award. Qualifications We believe that Ms. Ullal possesses specific attributes that qualify her to serve as a member of our board of directors. Ms. Ullal has unparalleled operational insight and expertise that she has accumulated as our Chief Executive Officer. In addition, she has an extensive background in leadership and technology roles at several semiconductor and network technology companies before joining Arista, as well as board oversight experience as a member of Snowflake Inc. s board of directors. Age: 57 Director Since: 2022 Committee(s): Audit Nominating and Corporate Governance Other Current Public Company Boards: JFrog, Inc. Rubrik, Inc. Braze, Inc. Yvonne Wassenaar Independent Director Experience Ms. Wassenaar has served as a member of our board of directors since July 2022. From January 2019 to May 2022, Ms. Wassenaar served as chief executive officer and member of the board of directors for Puppet, Inc., an information technology company. From June 2017 to May 2025, Ms. Wassenaar served as a member of the board of directors of Forrester Research, Inc., a research company, where she was a member of the audit committee from June 2017 to May 2024 and a member of the compensation committee from May 2024 to May 2025. From November 2019 to June 2022, Ms. Wassenaar served as a member of the board of directors and audit committee of Anaplan, Inc., a cloud-based business planning software company. From June 2017 to September 2018, Ms. Wassenaar served as chief executive officer and member of the board of directors of Airware, Inc., an enterprise drone analytics company. From August 2014 to May 2017, Ms. Wassenaar served as chief information officer for New Relic Inc., an information technology company. Ms. Wassenaar has served as a member of the board of directors and audit committee of Braze, Inc., a marketing automation platform, since June 2024. Ms. Wassenaar has served as a member of the board of directors of JFrog, Inc., a software development company, since September 2022, where she is a member of the compensation committee and chair of the nomination and corporate governance committee. Ms. Wassenaar has served as a member of the board of directors and audit committee of Rubrik, Inc., a cloud data management company, since October 2021. She also currently serves on the board of directors of several private companies. Ms. Wassenaar holds a B.A. in Economics with a specialization in Computing from the University of California, Los Angeles, and an M.B.A. from UCLA Anderson School of Business. Qualifications We believe Ms. Wassenaar possesses specific attributes that qualify her to serve as a member of our board of directors. She has extensive executive experience leading software and technology companies at companies like Airware, Inc. and Puppet, Inc. In addition to her business leadership, management and operations experience, Ms. Wassenaar brings valuable oversight experience from her board roles at public and private companies in the technology industry. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 23 Table of Contents Key Elements of Board Independence at Arista Our board of directors independence enables it to be objective and critical in carrying out its oversight responsibilities. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that a substantial majority of our directors will be independent. Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, our board of directors has made the following determinations: 7/9 of the directors are independent: We are committed to maintaining a substantial majority of directors who are independent of the Company and management. Except for our employee directors, all directors are independent. Committee independence: Only independent directors are members of board committees. Executive sessions: Our independent directors meet in executive session at each board and Audit Committee meeting. Lead independent director: Our lead independent director provides leadership to the board of directors and particularly to the independent directors. Independent compensation consultant: The compensation consultant retained by the Compensation Committee is independent of the Company and management. In making the determination that Mr. Giancarlo is independent, the board of directors considered the fact that Mr. Giancarlo is chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Pure Storage, Inc., and we sell products to and purchase products from Pure Storage, Inc. in the ordinary course of business. The board of directors determined that Mr. Giancarlo did not have a direct or indirect material interest in these transactions. Furthermore, payments made to us by Pure Storage, Inc. pursuant to such transactions did not exceed the greater of $1 million or 2% of Pure Storage, Inc. s consolidated gross revenues in any of the last three fiscal years. As a result, the board of directors concluded that these transactions would not affect Mr. Giancarlo s independence. In making the determination that Dr. Lavender is independent, the board of directors considered the Company s investment in Confidential Core AI, Inc. and the fact that Dr. Lavender is the co-founder of and currently serves as the Chief Technology Officer of Confidential Core AI, Inc. The board of directors determined that Dr. Lavender did not have a direct or indirect material interest in this transaction. Furthermore, payments made by us to Confidential Core AI, Inc. pursuant to such transaction did not exceed the greater of $1 million or 2% of Confidential Core AI, Inc. s consolidated gross revenues in any of the last three fiscal years. As a result, the board of directors concluded that these transactions would not affect Dr. Lavender s independence. Director Commitments Our board of directors recognizes that all members of our board of directors should dedicate sufficient time and attention to fulfill the responsibilities required of directors. In assessing whether directors and nominees for director have sufficient time and attention to devote to board duties, our board of directors considers, among other things, whether directors may be overboarded, which refers to the situation where a director serves on an excessive number of boards. In addition, prior to recommending a candidate as a nominee for director, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews the number of boards that the candidate serves on and considers whether those outside commitments may limit the ability of the candidate to devote sufficient time and attention to board duties. Our board of directors believes that each of our directors, including each of our director nominees, has demonstrated the ability to devote sufficient time and attention to board duties and to otherwise fulfill the responsibilities required of directors. 24 Table of Contents Board Leadership Structure We believe that the structure of our board of directors and its committees provides strong overall management of our Company and supports the risk oversight function of the board of directors. Our current Chairperson, Jayshree Ullal, is not independent under the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) as a result of her role as our CEO. Our board of directors reviews this structure annually and believes that Ms. Ullal s service as our Chairperson is appropriate and is in the best interests of our board of directors, our Company and our stockholders. Our CEO is responsible for setting the strategic direction of our Company, the general management and operation of the business and the guidance and oversight of senior management. The Chairperson of our board of directors monitors the content, quality and timeliness of information sent to our board of directors and is available for consultation with our board of directors regarding the oversight of our business affairs. Our business is highly complex, with rapidly evolving technology, significant research and development investment, and sophisticated and demanding customers. Ms. Ullal brings essential knowledge and perspective as our CEO since 2008. Therefore, our board of directors believes that Ms. Ullal s dual roles facilitate the flow of information and communications between the board of directors and management as well as promoting alignment of our strategic direction with the operation of our business. As discussed in more detail below, our board of directors believes that the responsibilities of our lead independent director appropriately and effectively complement our combined chairperson and chief executive officer structure. Lead Independent Director Recognizing the importance of strong independent oversight, our board of directors has appointed Mr. Scheinman to serve as our lead independent director. While the Chairperson directs the operations of the board of directors and is responsible for the overall management and effective functioning of the board of directors, the lead independent director provides leadership to the board of directors and particularly to the independent directors. The lead independent director communicates with the CEO, disseminates information to the rest of the board of directors in a timely manner, and raises issues with management on behalf of the outside directors when appropriate. In addition, the lead independent director s responsibilities include the following: calling meetings of independent directors when necessary and appropriate; being available, when appropriate, for consultation and direct communication with the Company s stockholders; building a productive relationship between the board of directors and the CEO; ensuring that the board of directors fulfills its oversight responsibilities in Company strategy, risk oversight and succession planning; and performing such other duties as the board of directors may from time to time designate. Board Structure Our board of directors is divided into three staggered classes of directors. Any increase or decrease in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of our directors. Each class of directors is elected for a three-year term. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 25 Table of Contents Our board of directors has reviewed this structure, in consultation with the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and believes that it is in the best interests of our company and our stockholders. The structure of our board of directors encourages directors to focus on longer-term objectives, fosters long-term planning, supports the development of important institutional knowledge, strengthens working relationships and protects stockholder value. We operate in a rapidly scaling industry that is intertwined with evolving frontier technologies, which requires the longer-term perspective, institutional knowledge, and strong working relationships that our board structure facilitates. In addition, our board structure helps us recruit highly qualified directors who are willing to commit to our strategic vision. Board of Directors Evaluation Process Our board of directors seeks to operate with the highest degree of effectiveness, supporting a dynamic boardroom culture of independent thought and intelligent debate on critical matters. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees this process, which is led by the chair of the committee. Our board of directors and committee evaluation process allows for annual assessment of our board of directors practices and the opportunity to identify areas for improvement. The annual assessment includes an evaluation of: Board structure and composition; Board culture and relationship with management; Information received by the board; Quality of board meetings, board responsibilities and performance; Current topics; and Each committee of the Board. The following is an overview of the board of directors evaluation process. BOARD EVALUATION PROCESS HOW RESULTS ARE USED: 1 Evaluation process discussed at Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meeting By the board of directors, to identify skills or expertise that may be used as criteria when the board of directors considers new board candidates By the board of directors, to identify strengths and areas of opportunity of each board member and to provide insight into how each board member can be most valuable to Arista By the board of directors, to improve their agenda topics so that the information they receive enables them to effectively address the issues they consider most critical By the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, as part of its annual review of each director s performance when considering whether to nominate the director for re-election to the board of directors 2 Each board member assesses performance and effectiveness of the board of directors, and as applicable, the committees 3 Board members meet one-on-one with outside counsel to discuss their assessments and to provide feedback 4 Outside counsel shares feedback received with the General Counsel, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the full board 5 The full board reviews and develops plans to take actions based on the results, as appropriate 26 Table of Contents Board of Directors Meetings and Committees During our fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of our board of directors held during the period for which he or she has been a director and (ii) the total number of meetings held by all committees of our board of directors on which he or she served during the periods that he or she served. As set out in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, we encourage but do not require our directors to attend the annual meeting of stockholders. All of our board members attended our 2025 annual meeting. NUMBER OF BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS HELD IN 2025 Our board of directors has three standing committees. Charters describing the responsibilities of each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are available in the Governance section of our website at http://investors.arista.com. The composition and responsibilities of each of the committees of our board of directors is described below. Members will serve on these committees until their resignation or until as otherwise determined by our board of directors. AUDIT COMMITTEE NUMBER OF MEETINGS: 4 Lewis Chew (Chair) Kelly Battles Greg Lavender (1) Yvonne Wassenaar (1) Dr. Lavender began serving on the Audit Committee upon his appointment as a director on March 14, 2025. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 27 Table of Contents KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Providing oversight of our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audit of our financial statements Assisting our board of directors in oversight of (i) the audit and integrity of our financial statements, (ii) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (iii) the independent auditor s qualifications, independence, and performance, (iv) our accounting and financial reporting process and internal controls, and (v) the organization and performance of our internal audit function Providing to our board of directors such information and materials as it may deem necessary to make our board of directors aware of significant financial matters that require the attention of our board of directors Preparing the report required by the SEC rules to be included in our proxy statement for the annual meeting of stockholders Reviewing and discussing with management, including our internal audit function, if applicable, and our independent auditor guidelines and policies to identify, monitor, and address enterprises risks, including our investment policies Reviewing and discussing with management the adequacy and monitoring of our compliance programs with respect to legal, ethical, and regulatory requirements, including our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, and compliance with export laws Reviewing periodic reports from management on our internal compliance policies and procedures Reviewing and discussing with management our policies and practices relating to environmental and social responsibility matters Reviewing and discussing with management risks to significant cybersecurity matters and concerns involving the Company, including information security, data privacy, backup of information systems and related regulatory matters and compliance Reviewing the results of the independent audit and quarterly reviews, and the independent auditor s opinion on the audited financial statements INDEPENDENCE/QUALIFICATIONS: All committee members are independent under the NYSE listing standards and the heightened independence requirements applicable to Audit Committee members under SEC rules All current committee members are financially literate in accordance with NYSE listing standards. Mr. Chew, Ms. Battles and Ms. Wassenaar qualify as an Audit Committee financial expert under SEC rules and have accounting or related financial management expertise in accordance with NYSE listing standards COMPENSATION COMMITTEE NUMBER OF MEETINGS: 4 Charles Giancarlo (Chair) Daniel Scheinman Mark B. Templeton KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Providing oversight of our compensation policies, plans, benefits programs, and overall compensation philosophy Assisting our board of directors in discharging its responsibilities relating to (i) oversight of the compensation of our CEO, and other executive officers, and (ii) approving and evaluating our executive officer compensation plans, policies, and programs 28 Table of Contents Administering our equity compensation plans for our employees Reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of our CEO, and other executive officers, evaluating performance in light thereof, and considering factors related to our performance, including accomplishment of our long-term business and financial goals Evaluating, at least annually, our compensation policies and practices with management to review the relationship between risk management policies and compensation and evaluating compensation policies and practices that could mitigate any such risk Monitoring compliance with our stock ownership guidelines and recommending to our board of directors any changes to such guidelines Monitoring compliance with our clawback policy and approving any changes to such policy INDEPENDENCE/QUALIFICATIONS: All committee members are independent under the NYSE listing standards and the independence requirements applicable to Compensation Committee members under NYSE rules and the heightened independence requirements under SEC rules NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE NUMBER OF MEETINGS: 4 Daniel Scheinman (Chair) Yvonne Wassenaar KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Reviewing and making recommendations regarding corporate governance Reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors regarding the composition and size of our board of directors and determining the relevant criteria (including any minimum qualifications) for board membership, including issues of character, professional ethics and integrity, judgment, business acumen, diversity of experience, independence, area of expertise, corporate experience, length of service, potential conflicts of interest, an understanding of our business, an understanding of the responsibilities that are required of a member of our board of directors, other time commitments, diversity with respect to professional background, education, race, ethnicity, gender, age and geography, as well as other individual qualities and attributes that contribute to the total mix of viewpoints and experience represented on our board of directors Identifying, considering and recommending candidates to fill new positions or vacancies on our board of directors Reviewing actual and potential conflicts of interest of our board of directors and corporate officers Making recommendations for continuing education of our board of directors Leading the annual performance review of our board of directors, its committees and management Reviewing succession planning for our executive officers INDEPENDENCE/QUALIFICATIONS: All committee members are independent under the NYSE listing standards and SEC rules 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 29 Table of Contents Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of the members of our Compensation Committee is or has been an officer or employee of our Company. None of our executive officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or Compensation Committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire board) of any entity that has one or more of its executive officers serving on our board of directors or Compensation Committee. Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee uses a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating potential director nominees and considers a broad range of backgrounds and experiences in making determinations regarding nominations of directors and in overseeing the annual board of directors and committee evaluations. In accordance with the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, in its evaluation of director candidates, including the members of the board of directors eligible for re-election, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider: (a) the current size and composition of the board of directors; (b) the needs of the board of directors and the respective committees of the board of directors; (c) such factors as character, professional ethics and integrity, judgment, business acumen, diversity of experience, independence, area of expertise, corporate experience, length of service, potential conflicts of interest, an understanding of the Company s business, an understanding of the responsibilities that are required of a member of the board of directors, other time commitments, diversity with respect to professional background, education, race, ethnicity, gender, age and geography, as well as other individual qualities and attributes that contribute to the total mix of viewpoints and experience represented on the board of directors; and (d) other factors that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may consider appropriate. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall also consider composition requirements imposed by applicable law. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee evaluates these factors, among others, and does not assign any particular weighting or priority to any of these factors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee requires the following minimum qualifications to be satisfied by any nominee for a position on the board of directors: (a) the highest personal and professional ethics and integrity; (b) proven achievement and competence in the nominee s field and the ability to exercise sound business judgment; (c) skills that are complementary to those of the existing board of directors; (d) the ability to assist and support management and make significant contributions to the Company s success; and (e) an understanding of the fiduciary responsibilities that are required of a member of the board of directors and the commitment of time and energy necessary to diligently carry out those responsibilities. Below is a graphic summarizing the process for our board of directors to identify and review director candidates to join our board of directors: Dr. Lavender, who was appointed to the board of directors by our other directors in March 2025, was initially suggested to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for consideration as a potential director by our CEO. There is no arrangement or understanding between Dr. Lavender and any other persons pursuant to which he was selected as a director of Arista. In addition, Dr. Lavender does not have an interest in any transactions that would be reportable under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 30 Table of Contents Stockholder Recommendations for Nominations to the Board of Directors The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will evaluate any recommendation for nominations to our board of directors in accordance with its charter, our amended and restated bylaws, our policies and procedures for director candidates, as well as the regular director nominee criteria described above. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider candidates for our board of directors recommended by stockholders holding at least the minimum amount in market value of the Company s securities entitled to vote on the election of directors as set forth in applicable SEC rules and regulations prior to the date of the submission of the recommendation so long as such recommendations and nominations comply with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Company and applicable laws, including SEC rules and regulations. In addition, we have adopted a proxy access procedure. Our proxy access bylaw allows a stockholder or a group of no more than 20 stockholders to include director nominees in our proxy materials for an annual meeting of stockholders. More specifically, stockholders or groups of stockholders who have for at least three years maintained continuous ownership of at least 3% of our common stock may collectively include a number of director nominees not exceeding the greater of (A) two or (B) 20% of the number of directors in office. Such recommendations must include information about the candidate, including but not limited to, a statement of support by the recommending stockholder, evidence of the recommending stockholder s ownership of our common stock and certain written representations and undertakings as outlined in our amended and restated bylaws. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has discretion to decide which individuals to recommend for nomination as directors. Any nomination should be sent in writing to our General Counsel or our Legal Department at Arista Networks, Inc., 5453 Great America Parkway, Santa Clara, California 95054. To be timely for our 2027 annual meeting of stockholders, our General Counsel or Legal Department must receive the nomination no earlier than January 31, 2027 and no later than March 2, 2027. Stockholder Outreach We believe that effective corporate governance should include regular, constructive conversations with our stockholders and we believe that we have had an effective stockholder engagement program. The results of our 2025 advisory vote on say-on-pay impelled us to complement our commitment to robust stockholder engagement with additional stockholder outreach that focused on better understanding our stockholders reasons for their 2025 say-on-pay votes. In 2025 and into 2026, members of our board of directors, senior management and investor relations participated in significant engagement with stockholders. We proactively contacted institutional stockholders representing over 40% of our outstanding shares. We met with stockholders who responded to our outreach and otherwise engaged in discussions with institutional stockholders representing approximately 45% of our outstanding shares. We sought and encouraged feedback from stockholders about our corporate governance practices, executive compensation and corporate responsibility programs, among other topics, with a particularly diligent focus on gathering and understanding stockholder feedback with respect to our executive compensation programs and related disclosures with the goal of taking specific actions to address the issues that contributed to the level of support for our 2025 advisory vote on say-on-pay, as discussed in more detail below in the section entitled Response to 2025 Say-On-Pay. Our board of directors and its committees receive updates about our stockholder outreach and take the feedback of our stockholders under serious consideration and in some cases take specific actions to address that feedback. We believe that this open, ongoing and two-way dialogue with our stockholders strengthens our governance practices, enhances the accountability of our board of directors and supports effective, long-term oriented decision making. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 31 Table of Contents RESPONSE TO 2025 SAY-ON-PAY Initial Stockholder Outreach Following the filing of our proxy statement on April 16, 2025, and in advance of our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, our board of directors and Compensation Committee conducted outreach to investors to discuss executive compensation and other matters of interest. We solicited feedback from 18 stockholders, collectively 32 Table of Contents representing over 33% of our shares outstanding, including 13 of our top 25 institutional stockholders. Ultimately, prior to our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders we engaged with 13 stockholders, collectively representing over 25% of our shares outstanding. This engagement was conducted in one-on-one and group meetings held in-person and virtually, or by written correspondence. Meetings were led by members of our Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Audit Committee, including Messrs. Giancarlo, Scheinman and Templeton, and attended by representatives from senior management and our investor relations team. In addition, we supplemented our 2025 proxy statement with further information to address the recommendation of Glass, Lewis Co. ( Glass Lewis ) and Institutional Shareholder Services ( ISS ) to vote against our 2025 advisory say-on-pay proposal. In our pre-meeting stockholder engagement, and as explained in our proxy supplement filed on May 19, 2025, we reaffirmed that we remained committed to the principles of aligning pay with performance. As part of the 2025 pre-meeting engagement, we were diligent in discussing the rationale for the grant made to Mr. Duda in 2024 in light of the negative advisory recommendations of Glass Lewis and ISS, which were focused on this grant. We explained that we viewed the size of the grant to Mr. Duda in 2024 as appropriately tailored to the extraordinary importance of retaining and incentivizing him. The value of his experience and insight cannot be overstated. He is a pioneer in high-performance networking software, lead architect of Arista s EOS Network Data Lake and drives Network-as-a-Service initiatives across our products. He has been essential to our past success and is crucial to our ability to execute our Arista 2.0 business strategy, achieve our future operational goals and create long-term stockholder value over the vesting period of the award. Moreover, Mr. Duda s depth of experience, technological insight and proven leadership make him a valuable candidate for other opportunities. In furtherance of our Arista 2.0 strategy, Mr. Duda s award was specifically designed to incentivize his long-term contributions and retention following its grant date in February 2024 to drive our performance well into the future as follows: 7 Year Overall Service Period 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 0% 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 0 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 5 % 0 % Percent of Award Vesting per Quarter As illustrated above, no portion of the award would vest prior to Mr. Duda s sustained contributions over the eight fiscal quarters of 2024 and 2025, with the first vesting occurring in the fourth quarter of 2025. Additionally, once the award began vesting, the rate of vesting was a low 5% quarterly vesting pace, with 55% of the shares subject to the award vesting in 2028, 2029 and 2030 for retention purposes. These features were designed to ensure Mr. Duda s continued contributions into 2030, and delivered approximately $5 million annually over a 5-year period. We noted that, in granting the award, our Compensation Committee determined that this value was appropriate for a key contributor such as Mr. Duda in light of his overall compensation package and structure, his important role in executing our Arista 2.0 strategy, and the market for other opportunities available to him as an industry leader. At our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, our investors supported the compensation of our NEOs with approximately 62% of the votes approving the 2025 advisory say-on-pay proposal. We believed that this low support was unjustified, as our compensation programs are deliberately designed to include significant performance-based components (including with respect to stock price appreciation which drives the majority of our compensation value) and have consistently resulted in us providing overall compensation to our executive officers between the 25 th percentile and 75 th percentile as compared to our peers. Nonetheless, in response to the results of stockholders votes on the 2025 advisory say-on-pay proposal, our board of directors and Compensation Committee conducted supplemental stockholder engagement for a fresh review of our executive compensation program and address the vote outcome. Further Stockholder Outreach After our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, members of our board of directors, together with senior management and our investor relations team, conducted additional stockholder engagement to gather more stockholder feedback. Given the results of stockholders votes on say-on-pay, this stockholder engagement program had a particularly diligent focus on obtaining and responding to stockholder feedback with respect to our executive compensation programs and related disclosures. The goal of the additional outreach was to deepen our understanding of our stockholders views of our executive compensation programs and gather additional feedback on our policies for consideration by the board of directors in the design of our compensation programs. We reached out to a broad group of stockholders within our top 25 institutional stockholders, with the goal of incorporating a broad range of stockholder perspectives that we could then incorporate into our decision-making process. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 33 Table of Contents Over the course of this stockholder outreach: - We invited 22 institutional stockholders, collectively representing over 35% of our shares outstanding, to meet with us to discuss their feedback, including with respect to our executive compensation program; - This outreach included selected top stockholders and other stockholders within our top 25 institutional investors; - The stockholders we invited to meet with us after our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders included a number that were unable to discuss our executive compensation program with us prior to our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders; - We met with 9 stockholders and received written feedback from several additional stockholders, collectively representing over 15% of our shares outstanding; and - These meetings were led by representatives of our Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Audit Committee, in particular Mr. Giancarlo or Mr. Scheinman, and attended by our senior leadership and investor relations team. Key Themes from Stockholder Engagement Action Taken Overall, during our stockholder outreach focused on soliciting feedback related to our advisory vote on say-on-pay in 2025, we obtained feedback from 18 stockholders, collectively representing over 30% of our shares outstanding, including 10 of our top 25 institutional stockholders. The foregoing outreach supplemented and enhanced our robust and ongoing stockholder engagement program, through which we maintain two-way dialogues with our stockholders on a range of topics related to our business. Our stockholder engagement program runs primarily through the commitment and activity of our dedicated investor relations team and includes active participation from our senior leadership and board of directors. Overall, in 2025 and continuing in 2026, we proactively contacted institutional stockholders representing over 40% of our outstanding shares which, when combined with our engagement with stockholders who reached out to us, led us to engage with institutional stockholders representing approximately 45% of our outstanding shares. Over the course of these interactions we held over 100 engagement meetings with our institutional stockholders. The feedback and perspectives we received leading up to and after the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders provided us with valuable and direct insight on our executive compensation program. Throughout the engagement outreach, we heard a range of diverse stockholder perspectives. Our executive compensation programs were one of a number of topics we discussed, with many stockholders indicating that they were supportive of the 2024 grant to Mr. Duda and our executive compensation programs more broadly. Those stockholders expressed more interest in discussing our business plans given the accelerating pace of change in our industry. Nonetheless, some stockholders expressed concerns consistent with those highlighted in the outcome of the 2025 say-on-pay vote and in proxy advisor analyses. We took these concerns seriously and focused our review on the areas they identified. As in previous years, in 2025 we discussed performance equity, time-based equity, incentive metrics and grant practices with our stockholders. In the context of executive compensation, a few key themes stood out in discussions with our stockholders, including stockholders both who did and did not support our 2025 advisory say-on-pay proposal, which were consistent with the stockholder sentiment conveyed to us by stockholders prior to the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders and in the recommendations of proxy advisors Glass Lewis and ISS, including: (1) the decision to grant a large, off-cycle award to Mr. Duda; (2) the robustness of disclosure about our short-term cash performance incentive program; and (3) lack of multi-year performance metrics equity awards. Large One-Time and Off-Cycle Grants Our response We are committed to critically assessing any proposed special, one-time or off-cycle awards to our executives. Our Compensation Committee conducts a detailed evaluation of potential approaches to compensation for our executive officers, which supplements their experiential perspective and acumen with input from our CEO, independent compensation consultant, outside counsel and board of directors. Informed through this process, our leadership believes that talent acquisition, retention, and the need to build and support our leadership team so that they are well positioned for the next step in our growth, namely the execution of our Arista 2.0 strategy, 34 Table of Contents cannot be restrained to an annual compensation review cycle. In the hypercompetitive market in which we operate, compensation review and, potentially, adjustment, must be as dynamic as our product cycle and customer base requires. At the time of the 2024 grant, our Compensation Committee believed that retaining Mr. Duda was a key talent objective given his extensive experience across a wide breadth of the technology sector that will continue to be fundamental to our ability to execute on our business strategy and achieve our operational goals over the vesting period of his grant, and that delivering this grant would help ensure his continued contributions. Indeed, consistent with our needs to actively review and refresh our executive structure to support our strategic and operational goals as well as retain key leaders, in September 2025 Mr. Duda was named President and Chief Technology Officer. The realignment of Mr. Duda s role within our executive structure complemented the addition of Mr. Nightingale to our executive team as President and Chief Operating Officer, both of which were intended to ready us for the next phase of our growth and enhanced the capacity of our leaders and organizational structure to execute our Arista 2.0 strategy. Each oversees significant portions of our total organization, with extensive duties and responsibilities. Similarly, Ms. Breithaupt took on significant additional responsibility beyond her then-existing role as our CFO in May 2025 in connection with the resignation of our then-General Counsel, including oversight of Arista s legal operations, cybersecurity, and information technology. With respect to the recruitment of Mr. Nightingale as our President and Chief Operating Officer, we had a number of key considerations when designing his equity compensation, including: our conviction that his leadership would be a key driver of our future growth because of his ability to lead our efforts in enterprise data centers, campus networks and manufacturing; the need to replace the equity compensation he was eligible for as Chief Executive Officer of Fastly, Inc.; and general market conditions related to the acquisition of talent who have thrived in the role of a chief executive officer of a publicly traded company. These and other considerations were reflected in the design of Mr. Nightingale s new-hire equity grants in July 2025, which focused on incentivizing Mr. Nightingale to ramp up his contributions to both operational and integration goals immediately. The performance-based equity awards were split into three 6-month vesting tranches in a structure designed to provide our Compensation Committee and CEO the ability to implement performance goals that yielded targeted and immediate contributions and, with respect to the first tranche, rigorous and ambitious performance goals were implemented that clearly linked pay and performance. In particular, no portion of the first tranche was eligible to vest unless key bookings and product milestones were satisfied and Mr. Nightingale remained employed through February 20, 2026. His companion time-based grant was designed so that it does not begin to vest until August 20, 2026, with vesting continuing over the three following years, providing retention incentives for over four total years. As a result of this design, 100% of Mr. Nightingale s equity compensation that was eligible to vest within his first year of employment with us was performance-based. Any time-based vesting would only be eligible to be earned after he demonstrated sustained performance and the leadership qualities we demanded for more than a year, and such time-based equity would be spread out over four total years. Moreover, the time-based equity he was eligible to earn with respect to his first year of employment with us was a competitive $7.5 million, which we believe is in line with our peer group for a similar role. In agreeing to his initial equity package, we considered the compensation that he could secure, both in his role as Chief Executive Officer of Fastly, Inc., and more generally in the market, including by comparing the values and structure offered to those of his new-hire grant at Fastly, Inc., in 2022, which provided more generous immediate quarterly vesting with $6 million in intended value his first year of service, and by considering the significant reductions to his base salary and bonus opportunities that he accepted by joining us, as discussed further below. While we believe that the equity granted to Mr. Nightingale to recruit him in 2025 was necessary and appropriate it was negotiated at arms-length it is important to note that his recruitment grant was made prior to our stockholder outreach after our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, which has further informed our views regarding the size and terms of equity awards granted in special circumstances. Nonetheless, we believed and continue to believe that he is an exceptionally high-impact talent acquisition for a key customer-facing role providing critical skills and experience from the outside that will broaden our bench of executives both now and in the future, and that therefore his total compensation package, and the equity component in particular, will incentivize continued strong stockholder growth in the future. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 35 Table of Contents Returning to the grant to Mr. Duda, this grant was designed to ensure his long-term commitment to our business strategy and operational goals, with a delayed vesting period extending into 2030, further promoting long-term alignment with stockholders. As illustrated above on page 33, the award would ultimately vest as follows: This extended vesting period is a key design feature of our equity compensation program, which implements a philosophy by which grants are made with long vesting and service cycles that extend the retention value of the grants. This grant structure is generally designed to deliver high retention value in a manner that limits stockholder dilution by leveraging long-term appreciation opportunities for executives who fulfill the service period requirements and/or performance targets. When our Compensation Committee approved Mr. Duda s grant, it reviewed the projected annual vesting of Mr. Duda s aggregate awards with its compensation consultant, and the grant was designed in accordance with the grant philosophy described above, to deliver high retention value while limiting stockholder dilution by leveraging long-term appreciation opportunities. As noted above, the majority of the vesting for Mr. Duda s grant will occur from 2028 through 2030, in years 5 to 7 of the grant cycle, which was designed specifically for retention. Also, in line with this philosophy, in 2025 we awarded performance-vesting equity in two tranches, first in February 2025 and later in October 2025. Both sets of grants were made following a rigorous analysis with respect to each recipient s aggregate vesting schedule, with the October 2025 grants only becoming eligible to vest based on performance in fiscal years 2029-2031 for Ms. Breithaupt and Mr. Duda, and in fiscal years 2030-2032 for Mr. Nightingale. The following illustrates the vesting of our performance-vesting equity award structure: Performance Fiscal Year* 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 PRSUs granted in FY2023: PRSUs granted in FY 2024: PRSUs granted in February FY 2025: PRSUs granted in May FY 2025: PRSUs granted in July FY 2025: PRSUs granted in October FY 2025: * Except for Mr. Nightingale s July 2025 PRSUs, if earned, vesting does not occur until February 20 of the fiscal year following the performance fiscal year, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. If earned, the vesting for the tranches of Mr. Nightingale s July 2025 PRSUs occurs in February 20, 2026, August 20, 2026 and February 20, 2027, subject to continued employment through the vesting date. PRSU grant vesting for Ms. Breithaupt. PRSU grant vesting for Mr. Duda. PRSU grant vesting for Mr. Nightingale. The stacking of vesting periods illustrated above reflects the intention to maximize retention value in a manner that limits stockholder dilution by leveraging long-term appreciation opportunities while requiring the completion of 36 Table of Contents longer service periods and/or the satisfaction of performance targets that will happen in later years. The Compensation Committee believes this is a strong message to our executives that compensation is earned over time based on the ongoing execution in their roles, which is aligned with future value creation. Additionally, our unique approach to equity compensation is a part of a broader approach to compensation that has allowed us to maintain cash compensation at conservative levels as compared to those of our peer group while maintaining a consistent track record of delivering exceptional stockholder value and growth. This approach is perhaps best demonstrated by the compensation package of Ms. Ullal, our CEO, whose cash compensation package is well below industry norms, and who has not accepted a service-vesting equity award since 2020 or a performance-vesting award since 2024, with the intent of ensuring that the executive team receives equity awards that provide maximum retentive value. Taking account of this unique approach to performance-equity strategy is essential when analyzing the mix of time- and performance-based equity awarded to Mr. Nightingale in his first year of employment. We envision Mr. Nightingale playing a key role in our long-term Arista 2.0 strategy and, as a result of our unique approach, the value of his performance-based equity awards will soon weigh significantly more in his overall equity mix as the performance periods of his performance-based equity awards begin to stack up, as evidenced by the addition of his October performance-based equity grant. Our board of directors and Compensation Committee understand the importance of responding to stockholder feedback regarding Mr. Duda s grant. As specific action, we continue to focus on pay for performance, to manage stockholder dilution through the use of thoughtful, long-term performance-vesting equity awards, and to make awards that require extended service periods to realize gains. As part of this plan, we amended our Stock Ownership Guidelines so that they mandate that certain key executives achieve and maintain a meaningful equity stake in our company. Disclosures Regarding our Short-Term Cash Performance Incentive Program Our response As described in our prior annual proxy materials, payouts under our short-term cash incentive program are primarily dependent on the achievement of rigorous financial performance metrics for revenue and non-GAAP operating income for the year, and no payout is made unless we achieve at least 85% of the revenue metric target. Our board of directors and Compensation Committee understand the importance of responding to stockholder feedback regarding disclosure of our short-term cash performance incentive program. As specific action, we have substantially enhanced our compensation disclosure this year, including by disclosing the annual target goals and weightings for our 2025 Bonus Plan and adding further discussion regarding the metrics applicable to our 2025 Bonus Plan under the section entitled Executive Compensation Executive Compensation Program Components Annual Cash Incentive Compensation; 2025 Bonus Plan . Equity Vesting Program Design Our response All regular annual equity awards granted in 2025 have either a performance vesting component or a time-based vesting period of three-years or longer. For example, as discussed further under the heading Executive Compensation, we granted equity to Mr. Nightingale in connection with his appointment as our President and Chief Operating Officer that vest based on performance-based targets in 2025 and 2026. We are committed to critically assessing the proposed performance and vesting periods for equity awards to our NEOs and we believe that the performance and vesting periods are designed to align the incentives of our NEOs with the best interests of Arista and our stockholders. Our board of directors and Compensation Committee understand the importance of responding to stockholder feedback regarding the performance component of our equity compensation programs. As a specific action, we committed to continuing to reevaluate the effectiveness of our pay for performance equity compensation program design. 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 37 Table of Contents Other Themes from Stockholder Engagement In addition to the compensation 