=== ANET_2026-02-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Risk Factors Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: Risks Related to Our Business and Industry some of the key components in our products come from sole or limited sour ces of supply and increases the risk of supply shortages, extended lead times or supply changes; large purchases by a limited number of customers represent a substantial portion of our revenue; escalated or escalating United States (the "U.S.") tariffs as well as countermeasures and retaliatory actions taken by other countries, may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business; adverse economic conditions, continuing uncertain economic conditions or reduced information technology and network infrastructure spending may adversely affect our business; our revenue and revenue growth rates are volatile and may decline or not meet our or our investor's expectations; we expect our gross margins to vary over time and may be adversely affected by numerous factors; our results of operations may vary significantly from period to period and can be unpredictable; the networking market is rapidly evolving; failure to successfully carry out new product and service offerings and expand into adjacent markets could adversely impact our business; we face intense competition and industry consolidation; we are subject to risks associated with the expansion of our international sales and operations; we face risks associated with the investments in and acquisitions of complementary companies, products or technologies; industry cyclicality may cause fluctuations in our revenue; fluctuations in currency exchange rates could adversely affect our business; failure to raise additional capital on terms satisfactory to us. Risks Related to Customers and Sales inability to attract new large customers or sell additional products and services to our existing customers could adversely affect our revenue growth; sales of our switching and routing platforms generate most of our product revenue; inability to increase market awareness or acceptance of our new products and services may adversely affect our revenue; sales prices of our products and services may decrease; sales cycles can be long and unpredictable; inability to offer high quality support and services offerings could adversely affect our business; declines in maintenance renewals and support contracts by customers could harm our business; indemnification provisions under our standard sales contracts could expose us to losses; we rely on distributors, systems integrators and value-added resellers to sell our products; sales to government entities are subject to a number of challenges and risks; we are exposed to the credit risk of our channel partners and some of our end customers. Risks Related to Products and Services product quality problems, defects, errors or vulnerabilities could harm our business; failure to anticipate technological shifts could harm our business; our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications and hardware that is developed by others. Risks Related to Supply Chain and Manufacturing insufficient component supply and inventory management; 12 primarily reliant upon a predominant merchant silicon vendor; we depend on third-party manufacturers to build our products; future sales forecasts may materially change, which could result in incorrect levels of inventory and purchase commitments; shipment interruptions or delays could cause our revenue to fall. Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights assertions by third parties of intellectual property rights infringement, misappropriation or other violation could harm our business; failure or inability to protect or assert our intellectual property rights could harm our competitive position; we rely on the availability of licenses to third-party software and other intellectual property; failure to comply with licenses to software and other technology could restrict our ability to sell our products; our competitors could develop products that are similar to or better than ours because we provide access to our software and selected source code to certain partners. Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our products, services and external facing or internal network systems, or the misuse of our products or services, or those of third parties on which we rely, could lead to cybersecurity incidents or a failure to detect cybersecurity incidents, or otherwise negatively impact our business; we, or third parties on which we rely, could experience cybersecurity incidents, which could disrupt our operations, cause vulnerabilities in our products or services, compromise intellectual property or other sensitive data, or otherwise negatively impact our business. Risks Related to Accounting, Compliance, Regulation and Tax foreign investment laws and regulations, and other trade or regulatory barriers, may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business; enhanced import/export restrictions, such as enhanced export controls the U.S. has adopted targeting trade with China, as well as countermeasures taken by affected countries may negatively affect our business; failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting; if our critical accounting policies are based on incorrect assumptions, our results of operations could fall below analyst and investor expectations and result in a decline in the market price of our common stock; changes in our income taxes, effective tax rate or tax laws could adversely affect our results; failure to comply with government laws and regulations, including privacy laws, environmental laws and export controls could harm our business; and issues in the development and use of artificial intelligence, combined with an uncertain regulatory environment, may result in reputational harm, liability, or other adverse consequences to our business operations; Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock the trading price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile and the value of your investment could decline; any future decisions to reduce or discontinue repurchasing our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase programs could cause the market price of our common stock to decline; insiders have substantial control over us; our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage takeover attempts and lead to management entrenchment. General Risks we may become involved in litigation that may materially adversely affect us; inability to hire, retain, train and motivate qualified personnel and senior management could cause our business to suffer; natural disasters, social unrest, violent conflicts, systemic failures, and other catastrophic events could harm our business; and we have not paid dividends in the past and do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 13 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Some of the key components in our products come from sole or limited sour ces of supply. Our products rely on components that we purchase, or our contract manufacturers purchase on our behalf from a limited number of suppliers, including certain sole source providers. In particular, we are primarily reliant upon our predominant merchant silicon vendor, Broadcom, for our switching chips. Our reliance on component suppliers yields the potential for the infringement, misappropriation or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights due to the incorporation of such components into our products. We may not be indemnified by such component suppliers for such infringement, misappropriation or other violation claims. Any litigation for which we do not receive indemnification could require us to incur significant legal expenses in defending against such claims or require us to pay substantial royalty payments or settlement amounts that would not be reimbursed by our component suppliers. Our product development efforts are also dependent upon the success of our continued collaboration with our key merchant silicon vendors such as Broadcom. As we develop our product roadmap, we select specific merchant silicon from these vendors for each new product. It is critical that w e work in tandem with these vendors to ensure that their silicon includes improved features, that our products take advantage of such improved features, and that such vendors are able to supply us with sufficient quantities on commercially reasonable terms to meet customer demand. Reliance on these relationships allows us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies while leveraging their investments and expertise. The merchant silicon vendors may not be successful in continuing to innovate, develop products that outperform their competitors or meet the requirements of our customers, meet deadlines for the release of their products or produce a sufficient supply of their products. Moreover, these vendors may not collaborate with us or may become competitive with us by selling merchant silicon for white boxes with open-source network operating systems or other products to our customers. If our key merchant silicon vendors do not continue to innovate, develop products that outperform their competitors or fail to meet the requirements of our customers, if there are delays in the release of their products or supply shortages, if they no longer collaborate in such fashion or if such merchant silicon is not offered to us on commercially reasonable terms, our products may become less competitive, our own product launches could be delayed or we may be required to redesign our products to incorporate alternative merchant silicon, which could result in lost sales, reduce gross margins, damage to our customer relationships or otherwise have a material effect on revenue and business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We expect large purchases by a limited number of customers to continue to represent a substantial p ortion of our revenue, and any loss, delay, decline or other change in expected purchases could result in material quarter-to-quarter fluctuations of our revenue or otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. Large purchases by a relatively limited number of customers have accounted for a significant portion of our revenue. For example, sales to one end customer represented 16%, 15%, and 21% of our total revenue, and sales to the other end customer represented 26%, 20%, and 18% of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We have experienced unpredictability in t he timing of orders from our large customers primarily due to the overall complexity of these large orders and changes in demand specific to these customers, including reductions in or changes in the mix of capital expenditures by these customers and the impact of cost reduction and other efficiency efforts by these customers. In addition, the variability in customer concentration is linked to the timing of new product deployments, and spending cycles with these customers, as well as the time it takes these customers to evaluate, test, qualify and accept our products and services, and we expect continued variability in our customer concentration and timing of sales on a quarterly and annual basis. In addition, we typically provide more favorable terms and conditions to large customers, than we typically do to other customers, including pricing discounts, bundled upgrades, extended warranties, acceptance terms, indemnification terms, and other rights, which may reduce gross margins for the period in which such sales occur. Changes in the business requirements or focus, upgrade cycles, vendor selection, project prioritization, assignment of spending allocations among vendors based upon specific network roles or projects, financial prospects, lack of growth of our large customers, capital resources and expenditures or purchasing behavior and deceleration in spending of these customers could significantly decrease our sale s to such customers or could lead to delays, reductions or cancellations of planned purchases of our products or services. I n addition, an increased focus on the deployment of AI-enabled solutions by these customers has accelerated the need for advanced technology offerings, including some offerings from potential new market entrants. This prioritization of AI related infrastructure investment has at times come in conjunction with the announcement of 14 various cost reduction measures by such customers, including optimization and increased efficiency in non-AI related capital expenditures, which could negatively impact our revenue. In addition, although the focus on deployment of AI-enabled solutions has driven increased demand for networking, the long-term trajectory remains unknown. As such, demand estimates for our new products are difficult to forecast and can create volatility in our revenue. In some instances, such factors have had, and may continue to have, an impact on certain current or future projects and reduce our visibility to customer demand and may result in a reduction or uncertainty in the timing of orders from these large customers, which may negatively impact our revenue and increase the risk of excess and obsolete inventory charges on our products. Moreover, because our sales are based prim arily on purchase orders, some of our customers have previously and could continue to cancel, delay, reduce or otherwise modify their purchase commitments with little or no notice to us. These customers may decide to delay or cancel such orders for any reason. This limited visibility requires us to rely on estimated demand forecasts to determine how much material to purchase and product to manufacture. Further, extended supplier lead times on some newer technologies can create greater pressure on our ability to forecast future demand, which can lead to excess inventory or product shortages and to delays in fulfilling current and future purchase orders that can impede production by our customers and harm our customer relationships. If any of the factors discussed above drive some of our large customers to cancel all or portion of their business relationships with us, the growth in our business and the ability to meet our current and long-term financial forecasts may be materially impacted. As a result, we may be unable to sustain or increase our revenue from our large customers, grow revenue with new or other existing customers at the rate we anticipate or at all, or offset a decline or discontinuation of concentrated purchases by our larger customers with purchases by new or existing customers. We expect that such concentrated purchases will continue to contribute materially to our revenue for the foreseeable future and that our results of operations may fluctuate materially as a result of such larger customers buying patterns. In addition, we may see consolidation of our customer base, such as among Internet companies and cloud service providers, which could result in the loss of customers. The loss of such customers, or a significant delay or reduction in their purchases, including reductions or delays due to customer departures from recent buying patterns, or an unfavorable change in competitive or economic conditions could materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Escalated or escalating U.S. tariffs, as well as countermeasures and retaliatory actions taken by other countries, may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business. Our products are primarily manufactured in Malaysia, Vietnam, and Mexico, and we also procure a limited number of products originating from China, Taiwan, Thailand and the Philippines. In addition, our contract manufacturing partners procure some components from China for use in the manufacturing of our products. Because our products are primarily manufactured internationally, the import of our products into the U.S. may be affected by applicable tariff policies. Over the last decade, and especially under the current administration, the U.S. government has enacted various new and increased tariffs affecting the import of various items from various countries. For example, since 2018, the U.S. government has enacted various tariffs on products from China under Section 301 trade authorities, including on communications equipment products and components manufactured and imported from China. Since February 2025, the U.S. has also imposed additional country-specific tariffs on most trading partners, including China, as well as additional commodity-specific tariffs on certain imported items, in both instances pursuant to executive orders issued under various trade authorities, including the International Emergency Economic Powers Act and Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962. In response to these and other U.S. measures, China, Mexico and other countries have taken or threatened to take a range of retaliatory measures. These include the imposition of retaliatory tariffs on certain U.S.-origin goods; the implementation of new export controls by China on various critical minerals, including rare earths metals; the scheduling of further retaliatory tariff measures; and other actions that may affect us directly or indirectly. The situation regarding these tariffs and trade policies has been and continues to be fluid, leading to significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S., and other countries, with respect to tariffs and trade policies. The U.S., China, Malaysia, Vietnam, Mexico, Taiwan, Thailand, the Philippines and other governments may place additional tariffs and trade barriers on communication equipment products, our products and services, our inputs, or other items, which could result in higher costs to us and negatively affect our gross margins. An increase in trade-related costs associated with these tariff actions may affect our cost of production, impair the profitability of our international production, affect our ability to procure certain items, strain our suppliers ability to provide 15 inputs necessary to produce certain items, and otherwise affect our manufacturing partners ability to provide our products at previously contracted prices. We also may not be able to pass on the full burden of the increase in trade-related costs to our partners and/or customers which could impact our profitability and/or our competitiveness. We are adjusting our supply chain and manufacturing practices to minimize the impact of the tariffs and any impact on the supply chain of components sourced from affected countries, but our efforts may not be successful. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will not experience a disruption in our business related to these or other changes in trade practices, and the process of changing suppliers in order to mitigate any such tariff costs could be complicated, time-consuming, and costly. Tariffs may also cause customers to delay or to request an expedition for their orders as they evaluate where to take delivery of our products in connection with their efforts to mitigate their own tariff exposure. Such delays or expeditions may create forecasting difficulties for us and increase the risk that orders might be canceled or might never be placed. Current or future tariffs may also negatively impact our customers' sales, thereby causing an indirect negative impact on our own sales. Even in the absence of further tariffs, the related uncertainty and the market's fear of escalating trade tensions and related macroeconomic effects might cause our distributors and customers to place fewer orders for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Adverse economic conditions, continuing uncertain economic conditions or reduced information technology and network infrastructure spending may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity and access to data and applications. Weak domestic or global economic conditions and continuing economic uncertainty, fear or anticipation of such conditions, a recession, geopolitical pressures, including international trade disputes, changes in tariff policies, global pandemics, a reduction in information technology and network infrastructure spending or a deterioration of the financial performance, condition or prospects of our customers, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects in a number of ways, including longer sales cycles, reduced demand or lower prices for our products and services, higher default rates among our channel partners, reduced unit sales and lower or no growth. In addition, the global macroeconomic environment has been negatively affected by, among other things, the uncertainty in the global banking and financial services markets, epidemics, instability in global economic markets, changes in government administration and policy positions, increased uncertainty associated with recent scheduled, threatened and/or anticipated increases in tariffs and other trade barriers, inflationary pressures, higher interest rates, instability in the global credit markets, the impact and uncertainty regarding global central bank monetary policy, instability, tension and conflict in the geopolitical environment, and foreign governmental debt concerns which have caused, and are likely to continue to cause, uncertainty and instability in local economies and in global financial markets. In addition, a government shutdown or a default by the U.S. government on its debt obligations, or related credit-rating downgrades could also have adverse effects on the broader global economy and contribute to, or worsen, an economic recession. We believe that any extended or renewed economic disruptions or deterioration in the global economy could have an adverse impact to our liquidity or to our current and projected business operations, financial condition or results of operations. For example, if banks or other financial institutions with whom we have banking relationships or whose corporate bonds are held in our marketable securities investment portfolio, enter receivership or become insolvent in the future, we may be unable to access, and we may lose some of our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments to the extent those funds are not insured or otherwise protected by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). In addition, in such circumstances we might not be able to timely pay key vendors and others. We regularly maintain cash balances that are not insured or are in excess of the FDIC s insurance limit. Any delay in our ability to access our cash, cash equivalents and investments (or the loss of such funds) or to timely pay key vendors and others could have a material adverse effect on our operations and cause us to need to seek additional capital sooner than planned. Furthermore, a downturn or a recession may also significantly affect financing markets, the availability of capital and the terms and conditions of any financing arrangements, including the overall cost of financing as well as the financial health or creditworthiness of our customers. Circumstances may arise in which we need, or desire, to raise additional capital, and such capital may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, business disruptions and supply chain and manufacturing disruptions may result in customers delaying or canceling or reprioritizing capital expenditures on information technology and network infrastructure, which may affect the overall demand for our products. We also believe that our customers continue to assess the impact of macroeconomic factors on their business and future investment plans, resulting in business uncertainty. Continuing or worsening economic instability or the deterioration of the financial performance, condition or prospects of our customers could result in a cancellation of, or 16 defaults in the payments for, such orders or otherwise adversely affect spending for IT, network infrastructure, systems and tools, and limit our ability to forecast future demand for our products, which could reduce expected revenue or result in a write-down of excess or obsolete inventory. We have entered into significant purchase commitments and are susceptible to supply shortages, extended lead times or supply changes, which could disrupt or delay our scheduled product deliveries to our customers and may result in the loss of sales and customers. Generally, we do not have guaranteed supply contracts with our component suppliers. Our suppliers have, or in the future could continue to, suffer shortages, require longer lead times, delay shipments, prioritize shipments to other vendors, reject, or decommit orders, increase prices, impose expedite fees or cease manufacturing their products or selling them to us at any time. Supply of these components worldwide was and could continue to be adversely affected by supply constraints, including as a result of industry consolidation and geopolitical conditions such as international trade restrictions and increased political tensions. For example, we see tightening supply conditions in the memory market. Although we have taken steps to mitigate these constraints, resulting shortages, increased lead times, reduced component allocations, and/or order decommitments may still adversely impact our revenue and gross margins. Although we have entered into significant purchase commitments to support long-term customer demand, if we are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of any of these components on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner, or if we are unable to obtain alternative sources for these components, shipments of our products could be delayed or halted entirely, or we may be required to redesign our products. Any of these events could result in the cancellation of orders, lost sales, reduced gross margins or damage to our customer relationships, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, if our suppliers do not meet their commitments, customers cancel orders or actual demand is less than our demand forecasts, it could result in excess or obsolete inventory, which we would be required to write down to its estimated realizable value, which in turn could impact our cash flows and result in lower gross margins and operating income. In the event of a shortage or supply interruption from our component suppliers, we may not be able to develop alternate or second sources in a timely manner. Further, long-term supply and maintenance obligations to customers increase the duration for which specific components are required, which may increase the risk of component shortages or the cost of carrying inventory. In addition, our component suppliers change their selling prices frequently in response to market trends, including industry-wide increases in demand such as has occurred in the market for memory, or charge additional fees to expedite orders, and because we do not have contracts wit h these suppliers or guaranteed pricing, we are susceptible to availability or price fluctuations related to raw materials and components. If we are unable to pass component price increases along to our customers or maintain stable pricing, our gross margins could be adversely affected and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer. Our revenue and revenue growth rates are volatile and may decline or not meet our or our investors' expectations. Our revenue growth rates in previous periods may not be indicative of our future performance. We have experienced annual revenue growth rates of 28.6%, 19.5%, 33.8%, and 48.6% in 2025, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In the future, our revenue growth rates will continue to be volatile due to cyclical trends in our business, and as we become more embedded with our existing customer base and product markets and look to enter and expand into new markets. Our growth strategy relies on maintaining our agility and increasing our investment in research and development to deliver market-leading features to enhance the functionality of existing cloud networking platform, expand our product offerings and build upon our technology leadership. We must continue to expand our product offerings and build upon our technology leadership. In addition we must continue to expand our global sales force and deepen our channel partnerships to reach new customers more effectively and increase sales to existing customers. An increase in customer trials and contracts with acceptance provisions, and an increase in the volatility and magnitude of our product deferred revenue balances, have created variability in our revenue. Any delays in acceptance, or rejection, or any return, of those products could further negatively impact our revenue. We have also previously experienced supply constraints that have resulted in manufacturing and shipment delays, which have negatively affected the timing of revenue recognition. If these manufacturing and supply chain disruptions recur and/or if we are unable to reduce our lead times it could also result in the cancellation of orders by customers, reduce demand from existing customers in future periods, and increase difficulty in adding new customers. Other factors may also contribute to declines in our revenue growth rates, including changes in demand for our products and services, particularly from our large customers, the deterioration of the financial performance, condition or prospects of our large customers, changes in capital spending by our large customers, 17 increased competition, price sensitivities from our customers to increases in our pricing, our ability to successfully manage our expansion or continue to capitalize on growth opportunities, the maturation of our business, geopolitical pressures, macroeconomic conditions, recession risks and monetary policy shifts, and our ability to be successful in the AI market and adjacent markets, such as campus switching, Wi-Fi networking markets and network security markets. Recent technologies, such as generative and agentic AI models, have emerged, and while they have driven increased demand for networking, the long-term trajectory of such technologies is unknown and it is difficult for us to predict the demand for such new technologies. Customers may overestimate demand for their AI build outs and cancel, delay, reduce or otherwise modify their purchase commitments with little or no notice to us. Customers may also implement changes to their network architecture to improve efficiencies and reduce demand for our products. As such, demand estimates for our new products are difficult to forecast and create volatility in our revenue. In addition, given the timing and prioritization of customer orders and shipment patterns, near-term revenue trends may not be reflective of current demand levels. Furthermore, any prolonged economic disruptions or deterioration in the global economy could have a negative impact on demand from our customers in future periods, particularly in the enterprise market where we are continuing to expand our penetration. which may result in reductions in overall demand from these customers in future periods and negatively impact our revenue, financial condition, business or prospects. You should not rely on our revenue for any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future revenue or revenue growth. If we are unable to maintain consistent revenue or revenue growth, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected, and our stock price could be volatile. We expect our gross margins to vary over time and may be adversely affected by numerous factors. We expect our gross margins to vary over time and the gross margins we have achieved in recent years may not be sustainable and may be ad versely affected in the future by numerous factors, including but not limited to pricing pressure on our products and services due to competition, the ability of more fully integrated competitors to bundle their networking products with other products, or utilize proprietary silicon in their products, the mix of sales to large customers who generally receive lower pricing, the mix of products sold, manufacturing-related costs, including costs associated with sourcing key components from sole or limited suppliers and potential changes to our manufacturing and supply chain to respond to international trade tensions, supply chain sourcing activities, merchant silicon costs, excess/obsolete inventory and supplier liability charges, and fees to expedite supplier components and costs related to tariffs from our products that are manufactured internationally. In addition, other factors that may impact our gross margins over time include the introduction of new products and new business models including the sale and delivery of more software and subscription solutions, entry into new markets or growth in lower margin markets, entry in markets with different pricing and cost structures, pricing discounts given to customers, costs associated with defending intellectual property rights infringement, misappropriation or other violation claims and the potential outcomes of such disputes, increased costs arising from epidemics, changes in distribution channels, increased warranty costs, and our ability to execute our operating plans. In addition, inflationary pressures and shortages, such as the recent tightening of supply conditions in the memory market, have increased and may continue to increase costs for certain materials, components, supplies and services. A s a result of cost inflation in our supply chain, we have implemented targeted price increases from time to time. However, these price increases could result in a decrease in demand for our products which would decrease revenue. In addition, if our business were subject to sustained economic stress or recession, many of the risk factors identified in this risk factors section could be heightened. We determine our operating expenses largely on the basis of anticipated revenue and a high percentage of our expenses are fixed in the short and medium term. As a result, a failure or delay in generating or recognizing revenue could cause significant variations in our operating results and operating margin from quarter to quarter. Failure to sustain or improve our gross margins reduces our profitability and may have a material adverse effect on our business and stock prices. Our results of operations have varied significantly from period to period and are unpredictable and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors or our previously issued financial guidance, or if any forward-looking financial guidance does not meet the expectation of analysts or investors, the market price of our common stock could decline substantially. Our res ults of operations have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that this trend will continue, which could cause the market price of our common stock to be volatile. As a result, you should not rely upon our past financial results for any period as indicators of future performance. Our results of operations in any given period have been and could continue to be influenced by a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including: 18 disruptions in our business due to general economic and market conditions, such as recessionary risks and a global economic downturn, international trade tensions and tariff policies, higher interest rates, monetary policy shifts, inflationary pressures, supply chain and labor shortages, changes in government administration, and geopolitical pressures; our inability to fulfill our customers orders or the deferral, reduction or cancellation of orders due to the delays in shipment of our products for any reason; the reduction in future demand for our products by our customers or increased difficulty in adding new customers due to the unavailability or unpredictable supply of inventory, supply chain delays, access to key commodities or technologies, manufacturing disruptions or other events that impact our manufacturers or their suppliers; a reduction, or uncertainty in the timing, of orders from our large customers; announcements by us or other competitors of new products or product enhancements, warranty returns, general economic conditions or other factors; our ability to increase sales to existing customers and attract new customers, including large customers; the budgeting, sales, implementation and refresh cycles, purcha sing practices, technology roadmaps and priorities and buying patterns of customers; changes in the growth rates of existing or new customers and the networking market the deterioration of the financial performance, condition or prospects of existing or new customers, including large customers and service providers, changes in end-customer, distributor or reseller; the inclusion of any acceptance provisions in our customer contracts and increased customer trials, and any delays in acceptance, or rejection, or any return, of those products; increased expenses resulting from increases in component, production and logistics costs resulting from factors such as global inflationary pressures, or the tariffs imposed by the U.S. on goods from other countries and tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. goods; changes in our pricing policies, whether initiated by us or as a result of competition; the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operation and expansion of our business such as those expenses related to construction of a new building in Santa Clara, California; difficulty forecasting, budgeting and planning due to limited visibility into the spending plans of current or prospective customers; excess or obsolete inventory resulting in write-downs and charges related to supplier liabilities; the actual or rumored timing and success of new product and service introductions by us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors or customers; our ability to successfully expand our business domestically and internationally; our ability to increase the size and production of our sales or distribution channel, or any disruption in, or termination of, our sales or distribution channels; decisions by potential customers to purchase our networking solutions from larger, more established vendors, white box vendors with open-source network operating systems or their primary network equipment vendors; insolvency or credit difficulties confronting our customers, which could adversely affect their ability to purchase or pay for our products and services, or confronting our key suppliers, including our sole source suppliers, which could disrupt our supply chain; cyclical fluctuations in our markets; and other risk factors described in this filing. Any one of the factors above or the cumulative effect of several of the factors described above may result in significant fluctuations in our financial and other results of operations and may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. This variability and unpredictability could result in our failure to meet our revenue, gross margins, results of operations or other expectations contained in any forward-looking financial guidance we have issued or the expectations of securities analysts or investors for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such guidance or expectations for these or any other reasons, the market price of our common stock could decline substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. In the past, we have failed to meet investor expectations and the market price of our common stock declined. The networking market is rapidly evolving. If this market does not evolve as we anticipate or our target customers do not adopt our networking solutions, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our ability to generate revenue will suffer. 19 A substantial portion of our business and revenue depends on the growth and evolution of the networking market, including the market for AI networks and the future deployment of Ethernet networking solutions in these AI networks. The market demand for networking solutions has increased in recent years as customers have deployed larger, more sophisticated networks and have increased the use of virtualization and cloud computing. The continued growth of this market will be dependent upon many factors including but not limited to the demand for our customers products and services, the expansion, of our customers networks, the capacity utilization of existing network infrastructures, changes in the technological requirements for the products and services to be deployed in these networks, the amount and mix of capital spending by our customers, including any changing technology priorities such as the deployment of AI and related technologies, the development of network switches/routers and cloud service solutions by our large customers for internal use, the financial performance and prospects of our customers, the availability of capital resources to our customers, changes in government regulation that could impact networking business models including those regulations related to AI, cybersecurity, privacy, data protection and net neutrality, our ability to provide networking solutions that address the needs of our customers more effectively and economically than those of other competitors or existing technologies and general economic conditions. In particular, recent technologies, such as generative and agentic AI models, have emerged, and while they have driven increased demand for networking, the market is rapidly changing, and the long-term trajectory is unknown. Customers may overestimate demand for their AI build outs and cancel, delay, reduce or otherwise modify their purchase commitments with little or no notice to us. In addition, customers may implement changes to their network architectures to improve efficiencies and reduce demand for our products. As such, demand estimates for our new products are difficult to forecast and create volatility in our revenue and inventory levels. If the AI market does not develop as anticipated or at all, then the potential demand for AI infrastructure may not be realized. Moreover, even if the market for AI applications does develop, the successful adoption of AI Ethernet products will be dependent upon their ability to compete against more established InfiniBand products or against the AI Ethernet products of other competitors to address AI networking clusters. If the networking solutions market including the AI Ethernet market does not develop in the way we anticipate or otherwise experiences a slowdown, if our solutions do not offer benefits compared to competing networking products or if customers do not recognize the benefits that our solutions provide, then our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. We pursue new product and service offerings and expand into adjacent markets, and if we fail to successfully carry out these initiatives, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely impacted. We have made substantial investments to develop new products and services, make enhancements to existing products, and expand our product offerings through our acquisitions and internal research and development efforts. If we are unable to anticipate technological changes in our industry by introducing new, enhanced or expanded products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner or if we fail to introduce products and services that meet market demand or gain market share, we may lose our competitive position, our products may become obsolete, and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. For example, with our most recently introduced 800 GbE, AI focused Ethernet products and AI-Driven Campus and Branch Networking Offerings, our ability to maintain our competitive position with our customers will depend on our ability to deliver these new products in a timely manner, our customers' acceptance of these products and the growth of the markets that these products serve. In addition, the evaluation, testing and qualification of our new products by our customers may be lengthy and may require increased customer trials and contracts with acceptance clauses, which delay revenue recognition and may negatively impact our revenue. We remain in a period of new product introductions, adding new customers and expanded use cases, particularly in the AI Ethernet market. This has resulted in increased customer trials and contracts with acceptance periods, and an increase in the volatility and magnitude of our product deferred revenue balances, which in turn may create variability in our revenue results on a quarterly and annual basis. In addition, if we are not able to satisfy the requirements under customer trials or contracts with acceptance periods, we may be required to accept product returns from our customers, which would prevent us from recognizing revenue on such transactions and may result in the write-down of inventory. Additionally, from time to time, we invest in expansion into adjacent markets, including campus and Wi-Fi networking, AI networking, cloud and enterprise routing markets, network security markets and SD-WAN markets. Although we believe these solutions are complementary to our current offerings, we have less experience and a more limited operating history in these markets, and our efforts in this area may not be successful. Expanding our services in existing and new markets and increasing the depth and breadth of our presence imposes significant burdens on our marketing, compliance, and other 20 administrative and managerial resources. In addition, the markets for our products, particularly the AI Ethernet segment, are characterized by rapid evolution and volatility; consequently, these markets may experience significant fluctuations, including prolonged slowdowns, cyclical contractions, or the correction of speculative bubbles that could adversely affect demand. Our plan to expand and deepen our market share in our existing markets and possibly expand into additional markets is subject to a variety of risks and challenges. Our success in these new markets depends on a variety of factors, including but not limited to our ability to develop new products, product features and services that address the customer requirements for these markets, attract a customer base in markets in which we have less experience, compete with new and existing competitors in these adjacent markets, and gain market acceptance of our new products. In addition, when we introduce new products, we expect that it will take time for manufacturing to ramp production and fulfill customer demand. Developing our products is expensive, and the investment in product development typically involves a long payback cycle. We expect to continue to make substantial investments to introduce new products and services and enhance the functionality of our existing cloud networking platform through investments in our research and development organization, and investments in or acquisitions of complementary companies, products and technologies to expand our product offerings and build upon our technology leadership. We expect that our results of operations will be impacted by the timing and size of these investments. These investments may take several years to generate positive returns, if ever. Additionally, future market share gains may take longer than planned and cause us to incur significant costs. If we are unable to attract new large customers or to sell additional products and services to our existing customers, our revenue growth will be adversely affected, and our revenue could decrease. Difficulties in any of our new product development efforts or our efforts to enter adjacent markets could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies and industry consolidation may lead to increased competition, which may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The markets in which we compete, including the markets for data center, campus networking, network visibility and security and AI, are intensely competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future from established competitors, industry consolidation and new market entrants. This competition has resulted in increased pricing pressure, which could result in reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses and the loss of market share, any of which would likely harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The data center and campus networking markets have been historically dominated by Cisco, with competition also coming from other large network equipment and system vendors, including Dell/EMC, Extreme Networks, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Huawei, Nvidia and white box networking vendors utilizing open-source operating systems. Most of our competitors and some strategic alliance partners have made acquisitions and/or have entered into, or extended, partnerships or other strategic relationships to offer more comprehensive product lines, including cloud networking solutions and network security. For example, Cisco acquired Acacia Communications, Broadcom acquired Brocade Communications and VMware, Dell acquired Force10 Networks, Hewlett Packard Enterprise acquired Juniper Networks, and Nvidia has made significant investment in several AI Neoclouds. Moreover, large system vendors are increasingly seeking to deliver vertically integrated cloud networking solutions to customers that combine cloud-focused hardware and software solutions as an alternative to our products. We expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to strengthen their market positions in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. Industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete with us, and this could lead to more variability i n our results of operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, the pricing of our solutions, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We also face competition from other companies and new market entrants, including current technology partners, suppliers and customers or other cloud service providers who may acquire or develop network switches and cloud service solutions for internal use and/or to broaden their portfolio of products to market and sell to customers. Some of these competitors are developing "white box" networking products based on open-source network operating systems that may be provided for free and off-the-shelf or commoditized hardware technology, or white box hardware, while other competitors may adopt a disaggregated approach to the procurement of hardware and their proprietary software. Customers may also increase their adoption of networking solutions based upon open-source network operating systems that may be provided for free and used either on white box or proprietary hardware. As new markets emerge like AI, we expect the field to remain intensely competitive as our competitors have made significant investments in such new markets. In addition, we have not established broad market awareness or acceptance of our AI Ethernet products that will compete against more established InfiniBand products or against the AI Ethernet products of other competitors. Furthermore, the entrance of new competitors into 21 our markets or the increased adoption of these new technology solutions or consumption models may cause downward pricing pressures, result in lost sales or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Our relationships with our strategic alliance partners or suppliers may also shift as industry and market dynamics change. If strategic alliance partners acquire or develop competitive products or services, our relationship with those partners may be adversely impacted, which could lead to more variability to our results of operations and impact the pricing of our solutions. Many of our existing and potential competitors enjoy substantial competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition and longer operating histories, larger sales and marketing budgets and resources, broader distribution and established relationships with channel partners and end customers, the ability to leverage their sales efforts across a broader portfolio of products, the ability to bundle competitive offerings with other products and services or to reduce the price of products and services that compete with ours in order to promote the sale of other products or services, the ability to develop their own silicon chips, the ability to set more aggressive pricing policies, lower labor and development costs, greater resources to make acquisitions, larger intellectual property rights portfolio, and substantially greater financial, technical, research and development or other resources. In addition, large competitors may have more extensive relationships with and within existing and potential customers that provide them with an advantage in competing for business with those customers or may have a dominant market position in certain markets that they can utilize to leverage sales of their Ethernet switching and routing products. For example, certain large competitors encourage customers of their other products and services to adopt their data networking solutions through discounted bundled product packages. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We may be required to make substantial additional investments in research, development, marketing and sales in order to respond to competition, and we cannot assure you that these investments will achieve any returns for us or that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. We also expect increased competition if our market continues to expand. As we continue to expand globally, we have seen and continue to see new competition in different geographic regions. In particular, we have experienced and could continue to experience price-focused competition from competitors in Asia, especially from China. As we expand into new markets, we will face competition not only from our existing competitors but also from other competitors, including existing companies with strong technological, marketing, and sales positions in those markets, as well as those with greater resources, including technical and engineering resources, than we do. Conditions in our market could change rapidly and significantly as a result of technological advancements or other factors. We are subject to a number of risks associated with the expansion of our international sales and operations. Our ability to grow our business and our future success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our operations and customer base worldwide. Many of our customers, resellers, partners, suppliers and manufacturers operate around the world. Operating in a global marketplace, we are subject to risks associated with having an international reach and compliance and regulatory requirements. Our international operations are subject to a number of additional risks, including the following: ability to establish necessary business relationships and to comply with local business requirements, including distributor and reseller relationships; greater difficulty in enforcing contracts and accounts receivable collection and longer collection periods and non-standard terms with customers related to payment, warranties or performance obligations; increased management complexity involved in, and expenses incurred in establishing and maintaining our international operations; deterioration of political relations between the U.S. and China, Canada, Mexico, Russia and the European Union ("EU"), including increased trade and tariff related disputes changes in trade controls, economic sanctions, foreign investment laws and regulations, or other international trade regulations, all of which have generally recently trended toward increasing breadth and complexity, and which may affect our ability to import or export our products to and from various countries; fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies where we do business; general economic and political conditions in these foreign markets; global macroeconomic conditions, including recessionary cycles; 22 U.S. and foreign legal requirements, including those relating to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, foreign investment, telecommunications, cybersecurity, supply chain integrity, privacy, data protection and AI and cloud technology; government trade restrictions and compliance, related to the exportation, re-exportation, sale, shipment or other transfer of programming, technology, components, and/or services to foreign persons; unexpected changes in regulatory practices, tariffs and tax laws and treaties; possible deterioration in relations between Taiwan and China, and other factors affecting military, political, or economic conditions in Taiwan or elsewhere in Asia; the uncertainty of protection and enforcement for intellectual property rights in some countries; and heightened risk of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of, or irregularities in, financial statements. These and other factors could harm our ability to gain future international revenue and, consequently, materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Expanding our existing international operations and entering additional international markets will require significant management attention and financial commitments. Our failure to successfully manage our international operations and the associated risks effectively could limit our future growth or materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. New and changing laws, regulations, executive orders, directives, and enforcement priorities can adversely affect the Company s business by increasing the Company s costs, limiting the Company s ability to continuously navigate global supply chain options in lieu of optimizing tariff outcomes, offer a product or service to customers in a timely manner, impacting customer demand for the Company s products and services, and requiring changes to the Company s business or supply chain. New and changing laws, regulations, executive orders, directives, and enforcement priorities can also create uncertainty about how such laws and regulations will be interpreted and applied. We have invested and may continue to invest in or acquire other businesses which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. As part of our business strategy, we have made and could continue to make investments in complementary companies, products or technologies which could involve licenses, additional channels of distribution, discount pricing or investments in or acquisitions of other companies. For example, we completed the acquisition of VeloCloud in June 2025 which required management to focus efforts on integrating the VeloCloud business with the Company. In addition, the privately held companies in which we invest are in the startup or development stages. These investments are inherently risky because the markets for the technologies or products these companies are developing are typically in the early stages and may never materialize, and we could lose our entire investment in these companies. We may not be able to find suitable investment or acquisition candidates and we may not be able to complete such investments or acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. If we do complete investments or acquisitions, we may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve our goals, and any investments or acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by our customers, investors and securities analysts. Through acquisitions, we continue to expand into new markets and we may experience challenges in entering into new markets for which we have not previously manufactured and sold products, including facing exposure to new market risks, difficulty achieving expected business results due to a lack of experience in new markets, products or technologies or the initial dependence on unfamiliar distribution partners or vendors. In addition, investments and acquisitions may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. If we are unsuccessful at integrating any acquisitions or retaining key talent from those acquisitions, or the technologies associated with such acquisitions, into our company, the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the combined company could be adversely affected. Any integration process may require significant time and resources, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. Acquisitions may also disrupt our ongoing business, divert our resources and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our business. We may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology or personnel or accurately forecast the financial effects of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges. Any acquisition or investment could expose us to unknown liabilities. Moreover, we cannot assure you that the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or investment would be realized or that we would not be exposed to unknown liabilities. We may not be successful in retaining or expanding the customers and sales activities of any acquired business or in realizing the expected operational and cost efficiencies anticipated with the acquisition. We may have to pay cash, incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for any such investment or acquisition, each of which could adversely affect our financial condition or the market price of our common stock. The sale of equity or issuance of debt to finance any such 23 acquisitions could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. Moreover, if the investment or acquisition becomes impaired, we may be required to take an impairment charge, which could adversely affect our financial condition or the market price of our common stock. Industry cyclicality may cause fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations. Our business is reliant on demand for network infrastructure, which rises and falls in cycles. Moreover, business cycles vary somewhat in different geographical regions and by customer type. Our customers demand is driven by, among other factors, the development of new network infrastructure and the refreshment of existing network infrastructure. Cyclical changes in our customers demand for our products and services, particularly changes in the demand of our largest customers, could result in fluctuations in our revenue, revenue growth and results of operations. We believe that this cyclicality results from a number of factors, including the specific procurement, budgeting and deployment cycles of our customers as well as the impact of general economic conditions on business operations and investment. The effects of supply chain disruptions and our rapid growth may have reduced the impact of cyclical factors that might otherwise have influenced our business and broader industry performance. If our growth rates slow, cyclical variations in our operations may become more pronounced over time and may materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our sales contracts are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars, and therefore, substantially all of our revenue is not subject to foreign currency risk; however, an increase in the U.S. dollar could result in an increase in the cost of our products to our customers outside of the U.S., which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, a decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could increase our product and operating costs in foreign locations. Further, a portion of our operating expenses is incurred outside the U.S., is denominated in foreign currencies and is subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. If we are not able to successfully hedge against the risks associated with the currency fluctuations, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. Any failure to raise additional capital to expand our operations, invest in new products or for other corporate purposes on terms satisfactory to us could reduce our ability to compete and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. If we did need to raise additional funds to expand our operations, invest in new products or for other corporate purposes, we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on terms satisfactory to us. If we raise additional equity financing, our stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests, and the market price of our common stock could decline. Furthermore, if we engage in debt financing, the holders of such debt would have priority over the holders of common stock, and we may be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness or impose other restrictions on our business. We may also be required to take other actions that would otherwise be in the interests of the debt holders, including maintaining specified liquidity or other ratios, any of which could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we need additional capital and cannot raise it on acceptable terms, we may not be able to, among other things, enhance our products and services, expand our sales and marketing and research and development organizations, acquire complementary technologies, products or businesses, and respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements. Our failure to do any of these things could seriously harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Risks Related to Customers and Sales If we are unable to attract new large customers or to sell additional products and services in the AI Ethernet, Campus Workspace and Network Security Markets, to our existing customers, our revenue growth will be adversely affected and our revenue could decrease. To increase our revenue, we must add new customers, especially large customers, and sell additional products and services to existing customers. For example, one of our sales strategies is to expand our current footprint by targeting our current customers for specific projects as opportunity with current customers is significant given their existing infrastructure and expected future spend. We are also focused on increasing penetration in the enterprise, campus and AI markets. However, 24 sales strategies focused on expansion to adjacent markets can require more time and effort since enterprise and campus customers typically start with small purchases, and in the case of new markets such as AI where we are introducing new products there are often longer testing and qualification periods. For this reason, in order to grow our revenue, it is important for us to attract new large customers. Some factors that may limit our ability to attract new large customers include, but are not limited to, saturation with certain large cloud networking customers, customers priorities and initiatives to invest in new technology, competition, decreased capital spending by such customers, a limited number of such customers, and a decline in growth at such customers. Additionally, from time to time we update our sales structure, systems, procedures and policies, and the failure of any of these updates to perform as expected or our inability to successfully manage such updates could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we fail to attract new large customers, including enterprise, campus and AI customers, fail to reduce the sales cycle and sell additional products to our existing customers or if our products are not accepted by these customers, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be harmed. Sales of our switches and routing platforms generate most of our product revenue, and if we are unable to continue to grow sales of these products, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will suffer. Historically, we have derived substantially all of our product revenue from sales of our switching and routing platforms, and we expect to continue to do so for the foreseeable future. We have experienced declines in sales for some of our products over time as they mature and are superseded by products with improved performance and functionality. A decline in the price of switches and related services, or our inability to increase sales of these products, would harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects more seriously than if we derived significant revenue from a larger variety of product lines and services. Our future financial performance will also depend upon successfully developing and selling next-generation versions of our switches. If we fail to deliver new products, new features, or new releases that customers want and that allow us to maintain leadership in what will continue to be a competitive market environment, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be harmed. If we are unable to increase market awareness or acceptance of our new products and services, our revenue may not continue to grow or may decline. We have not yet established broad market awareness or acceptance of products and services that we have introduced in the AI Ethernet, campus workspace and network security markets. Market awareness of our value proposition and products and services will be essential to our continued growth and our success, particularly for the service provider and broader enterprise markets. Additionally, because we are introducing new products in markets such as the AI Ethernet market, some products are subject to trials, testing, qualification and acceptance periods. If our marketing efforts are unsuccessful in creating market awareness of our company and our products and services or in gaining access to new customer markets, or if these new products and services are not accepted by customers, then our business, financial condition, results of operations a nd prospects will be adversely affected, and we will not be able to achieve sustained growth. The sales prices of our products and services may decrease, which may reduce our gross profits and adversely affect our results of operations. The sales prices for our products and services may decline for a variety of reasons, including competitive pricing pressures, discounts, a change in our mix of products and services, the introduction of new products and services by us or by our competitors including the adoption of white box solutions, promotional programs, or broader macroeconomic factors. In addition, we have provided, and plan to continue to provide in the future, pricing discounts to large customers, which may result in lower margins for the period in which such sales occur. Our gross margins may also fluctuate as a result of the timing of such sales to large customers. We have historically experienced declines in sales prices for some of our products and services and could continue to experience such declines. Competition continues to increase in the markets in which we participate, and we expect competition to further increase in the future, thereby leading to increased pricing pressures. Larger competitors with more diverse product and service offerings may reduce the price of products and services that compete with ours or may bundle them with other products and services. Additionally, although we generally price our products and services worldwide in U.S. dollars, currency fluctuations in certain countries and regions may adversely affect actual prices that partners and customers are willing to pay in those countries and regions. Furthermore, sales prices and gross profits for our products may decrease over product life cycles. Decreased sales prices for any reason may reduce our gross profits and adversely affect our result of operations. 25 Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, our sales and revenue are difficult to predict and may vary substantially from period to period, which may cause our results of operations to fluctuate significantly. The timing of our sales and revenue recognition is difficult to predict because of the length and unpredictability of our products sales cycles. A sales cycle is the period between initial contact with a prospective customer and any sale of our products. End-customer orders often involve the purchase of multiple products. These orders are complex and difficult to complete because prospective customers generally consider a number of factors over an extended period of time before committing to purchase the products and solutions we sell. Customers, especially our large customers, often view the purchase of our products as a significant and strategic decision and require considerable time to evaluate, test and qualify our products prior to making a purchase decision and placing an order. The length of time that customers devote to their evaluation, contract negotiation and budgeting processes varies significantly. In addition, customers may delay upgrades to their network infrastructure which extends the upgrade and sales cycle. Our products sales cycles are lengthy in certain cases, especially with respect to our prospective large customers and certain markets including the enterprise, campus and AI markets. During the sales cycle, we expend significant time and money on sales and marketing activities and make investments in evaluation equipment, all of which lower our operating margins, particularly if no sale occurs. Even if a customer decides to purchase our products, there are many factors affecting the timing of our recognition of revenue, which makes our revenue difficult to forecast. For example, there may be unexpected delays in a customer s internal procurement processes, particularly for some of our larger customers for which our products represent a very small percentage of their total procurement activity. In addition, due to macroeconomic uncertainties, the sales cycle may be extended and there may be delays and reductions of expenditures and cancellations by customers. There are many other factors specific to customers that contribute to the timing of their purchases and the variability of our revenue recognition, including acceptance terms contained in such agreements, the strategic importance of a particular project to a customer, budgetary constraints and changes in their personnel. In addition, the significance and timing of our product enhancements, and the introduction of new products by our competitors, may also affect customers purchases. For all of these reasons, it is difficult to predict whether a sale will be completed, the particular period in which a sale will be completed or the period in which revenue from a sale will be recognized, if at all. If our sales cycles lengthen or acceptance of such products is not achieved, our revenue could be lower than expected, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we are unable to offer high-quality support and services offerings, this could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Once our products are deployed within our customers networks, our customers depend on our support organization and our channel partners to resolve any issues relating to our products. High-quality support is critical for the successful marketing and sale of our products. If we or our channel partners do not assist our customers in deploying our products effectively, do not succeed in helping our customers resolve post-deployment issues quickly or do not provide adequate ongoing support, or if we experience quality issues with these new products, it could adversely affect our ability to sell our products to existing customers and could harm our reputation with potential customers. In addition, as we continue to expand our operations internationally, our support organization will face additional challenges, including those associated with delivering support, training and documentation in languages other than English. Our failure or the failure of our channel partners to maintain high-quality support and services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Declines in maintenance renewals and support contracts by customers could harm our future business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We typically sell our products with maintenance and support as part of the initial purchase, and a portion of our revenue comes from renewals of maintenance and support contracts. Our customers have no obligation to renew their maintenance and support contracts after the expiration of the initial period, and they may elect not to renew their maintenance and support contracts, to renew their maintenance and support contracts at lower prices through alternative channel partners or to reduce the product quantity under their maintenance and support contracts, thereby reducing our future revenue from maintenance and support contracts. If our customers, especially our large customers, do not renew their maintenance and support contracts or if they renew them on terms that are less favorable to us, our revenue may decline and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will suffer. 26 Our standard sales contracts contain indemnification provisions requiring us to defend our customers against third-party claims that could expose us to losses which could seriously harm our business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. Under the indemnification provisions of our standard sales contracts, we agree to defend our customers and channel partners against third-party claims asserting infringement, misappropriation or other violation of certain intellectual property rights, which may include patents, copyrights, trademarks or trade secrets, and to pay judgments entered on such claims. An adverse ruling in such litigation may potentially expose us to claims in the event that claims are brought against our customers based on the ruling and we are required to indemnify such customers. Our exposure under these indemnification provisions is frequently limited to the total amount paid by our customer under the agreement. However, certain agreements include indemnification provisions that could potentially expose us to losses in excess of the amount received under the agreement. Any of these events, including claims for indemnification, could seriously harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition to our own direct sales force, we rely on distributors, systems integrators and value-added resellers to sell our products, and our failure to effectively develop, manage or prevent disruptions to our distribution channels and the processes and procedures that support them could cause a reduction in the number of customers of our products. Our future success is highly dependent upon maintaining our relationships with distributors, systems integrators and value-added resellers and establishing additional sales channel relationships. We anticipate that sales of our products to a limited number of channel partners will continue to account for a material portion of our total product revenue for the foreseeable future. We provide our channel partners with specific training and programs to assist them in selling our products, but these steps may not be effective. In addition, our channel partners may be unsuccessful in marketing, selling and supporting our products and services. If we are unable to develop and maintain effective sales incentive programs for our channel partners, we may not be able to incentivize these partners to sell our products to customers. These partners may have incentives to promote our competitors products to the detriment of our own or may cease selling our products altogether. One of our channel partners could elect to consolidate or enter into a strategic partnership with one of our competitors, which could reduce or eliminate our future opportunities with that channel partner. Our agreements with our channel partners may generally be terminated for any reason by either party with advance notice. We may be unable to retain these channel partners or secure additional or replacement channel partners. The loss of one or more of our significant channel partners requires extensive training, and any new or expanded relationship with a channel partner may take several months or more to achieve productivity. Where we rely on the channel partners for sales of our products, we may have little or no contact with the ultimate users of our products that purchase through such channel partners, thereby making it more difficult for us to establish brand awareness, ensure proper delivery and installation of our products, service ongoing end-customer requirements, estimate end-customer demand and respond to evolving end-customer needs. In addition, our channel partner sales structure could subject us to lawsuits, potential liability and reputational harm if, for example, any of our channel partners misrepresent the functionality of our products or services to customers, fail to comply with their contractual obligations or violate laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other applicable anti-corruption laws or our corporate policies. If we fail to effectively manage our existing sales channels, or if our channel partners are unsuccessful in fulfilling the orders for our products, if we are unable to enter into arrangements with, and retain a sufficient number of, high-quality channel partners in each of the regions in which we sell products and keep them motivated to sell our products, our ability to sell our products and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be harmed. A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks. We anticipate increasing our sales efforts to U.S. and foreign, federal, state and local governmental customers in the future. Sales to government entities are subject to a number of risks. Selling to government entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a s ale. The substantial majority of our sales to date to government entities have been made indirectly through our channel partners. Government certificat ion requirements for products like ours may change and, in doing so, restrict our ability to sell into the government sector until we have attained revised certifications. Government demand and payment for our products and services may be affected by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our products and services. Government entities may have statutory, contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with our distributors and resellers for convenience or due to a default. 27 Selling to government entities requires us to comply with various regulations that are not applicable to sales to non-government entities, including regulations that may relate to pricing, prohibitions against use of certain foreign components in our products and services, anti-corruption and other matters. The U.S. government may require certain products that it purchases to be manufactured in, or may require that products it purchases contain a certain threshold of domestic origin components from, the U.S. and other relatively high-cost manufacturing locations, and we may not manufacture all products in locations that meet these requirements. Complying with these regulations also requires us to put in place controls and procedures to monitor compliance with applicable regulations that may be costly or not possible. Governments also routinely investigate and audit government contractors administrative processes and contract compliance. Failure to comply with the terms of our government contracts or applicable regulations, or an unfavorable audit, could result in the government ceasing to buy our products and services, a reduction of revenue, fines or civil or criminal liability, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are exposed to the credit risk of our channel partners and some of our customers, which could result in material losses. Most of our contracts with customers are on an open credit basis, with standard payment terms of 30 to 90 days . We monitor individual end-customer payment capability in grantin g such open credit arrangements, seek to limit such open credit to amounts we believe the customers can pay and maintain reserves we believe are adequate to cover exposure for doubtful accounts. We are unable to recognize revenue from shipments until the collection of those amounts becomes reasonably assured. Any significant delay or default in the collection of significant accounts receivable could result in an increased need for us to obtain working capital from other sources, possibly on worse terms than we could have negotiated if we had established such working capital resources prior to such delays or defaults. Any significant default could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity, and delay our ability to recognize revenue. A material portion of our sales is derived through our distributors, systems integrators and value-added resellers. Some of our distributors, systems integrators and value-added resellers may experience financial difficulties, which could adversely affect our collection of accounts receivable. Distributors tend to have more limited financial resources than other systems integrators, value-added resellers and customers. Distributors represent potential sources of increased credit risk because they may be less likely to have the reserve resources required to meet payment obligations. Our exposure to credit risks of our channel partners may increase if our channel partners and their customers are adversely affected by global or regional economic conditions. One or more of these channel partners could delay payments or default on credit extended to them, either of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Risks Related to Products and Services Product quality problems, defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our products or services could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We produce highly complex products that incorporate advanced technologies, including both hardware and software technologies. Despite testing prior to their release, our products may contain undetected defects or errors, especially when first introduced or when new versions are released. Product defects or errors could affect the performance of our products, could result in a failure of appropriate updates to be distributed or installed, could delay the development or release of new products or new versions of products, and could result in warranty claims and product liability claims from customers. Any actual or perceived defect, error, or vulnerability in our products or services, or other allegations of unsatisfactory performance could cause us to lose revenue or market share, increase our service costs, cause us to incur substantial costs in analyzing, correcting or redesigning the products or otherwise addressing defects, errors or vulnerabilities, cause us to lose significant customers, harm our reputation and market positions, subject us to liability for damages, subject us to litigation, regulatory inquiries or investigations, and divert our resources from other tasks, any one of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. From time to time, we have had to replace certain components of products that we had shipped and provide remediation in response to the discovery of defects or bugs, including failures in software protocols or defective component batches resulting in reliability issues, in such products, and we may be required to do so in the future. We may also be required to provide full replacements or refunds for such defective products. We cannot assure you that such remediation or any of the 28 other circumstances described above, including claims, litigation, or regulatory investigations, would not have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we do not successfully anticipate technological shifts and introduce products and product enhancements that meet those technological shifts, if those products are not made available in a timely manner or do not gain market acceptance, or if we do not successfully manage product introductions, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our ability to generate revenue will suffer. We must continue to enhance our existing products and develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends, evolving industry standards and changing end-customer needs. The process of enhancing our existing products and developing new technology is complex and uncertain, and new offerings require significant upfront investment that may not result in material design improvements to existing products or result in marketable new products or costs savings or revenue for an extended period of time, if at all. In addition, new technologies could render our existing products obsolete or less attractive to customers, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected if such technologies are widely adopted. For example, customers may prefer to address their network switch requirements by licensing software operating systems separately and placing them on white box hardware rather than purchasing integrated hardware products as has occurred in the server industry. Additionally, customers may require product upgrades including higher Ethernet speeds and additional functionality to address the increasing demands of cloud computing environments. In the past several years, we have announced a number of new products and enhancements to our products and services, including new products in the AI Ethernet, campus workspace and network security markets. The success of our new products depends on several factors including, but not limited to, appropriate new product definition, the development of product features that sufficiently meet end-user requirements, our ability to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp-up issues, component costs, availability of components, timely completion and introduction of these products, prompt solution of any defects or bugs in these products, our ability to support these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors and market acceptance of these products. For example, our new product releases will require strong execution from our third-party merchant silicon chip suppliers to develop and r