=== SOFI_2026-02-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC and include, among other things: our ability to maintain or enhance profitability in the future; the impact on our business of the current and evolving regulatory environment and complexities associated with compliance; the effect and impact of evolving laws, rules, regulations, executive actions and government enforcement policies, including any federal or state loan forgiveness programs, as well as changes in government resources and personnel; the impact of adverse developments affecting the U.S. or global banking industry, including bank failures and liquidity concerns, which could cause economic and market volatility, and regulatory responses thereto; our ability to manage our growth effectively and execute our strategy with respect to the development and expansion of our business, including through continuing to enhance our brand and attract additional members; our ability to continue to originate and sell loans to third parties, and the impact of the performance of loans held on our balance sheet; our ability to access sources of capital on favorable terms, if at all, including debt financing, deposits and other sources of capital to finance operations and growth; our ability to continue to grow our fee-based revenue, expand our Loan Platform Business and diversify our sources of income; the impact of and our ability to respond to general economic conditions and other macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, such as elevated and fluctuating interest rates, inflationary pressures, trade restrictions such as sanctions, tariffs, reciprocal and retaliatory tariffs, and other tariff-related measures, global trade relations, counterparty risk, changing customer demand and employment rates, capital markets volatility, instability in the financial services industry, uncertainty stemming from government actions and policies and regulatory priorities, the possibility of a recession, and domestic or international conflicts or disputes; the success of our marketing efforts and our ability to expand our member base; our ability to grow market share in existing markets or any new markets we may enter; our ability to develop new products and services, features and functionality that are competitive and meet market needs, and to successfully execute our strategy with respect to new products and features, such as our recent launch of SoFi Crypto; our ability to diversify our business and broaden our suite of financial services offerings; 3 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS our ability to realize the benefits of our strategy, including what we refer to as our Financial Services Productivity Loop, and achieve scale in our Financial Services segment; our ability to successfully operate as a bank holding company, and to operate SoFi Bank; our ability to make accurate credit and pricing decisions or effectively forecast our loss rates; our ability to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting; our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of prior acquisitions and any additional acquisitions we undertake; our ability to successfully expand our operations into foreign jurisdictions, including compliance with a variety of foreign laws; and the outcome of any legal or governmental proceedings that may be instituted against us. Forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and reflect current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. TRADEMARKS This document contains references to trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us or belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this document may appear without the or symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we or the applicable licensor will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our or its rights to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. SoFi Technologies does not intend its use or display of other companies trademarks, service marks or trade names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of it by, any other companies. All trademarks, service marks and trade names included in this document are the property of their respective owners. 4 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1. Business Company Overview We are a mission driven company designed to help our members achieve financial independence in order to realize their ambitions. To us, financial independence does not mean being wealthy, but rather represents the ability of our members to have the financial means to achieve their personal objectives at each stage of life, such as owning a home, having a family, or having a career of their choice more simply stated, to have enough money to do what they want. We were founded in 2011 and have developed a suite of financial products that offers the speed, selection, content and convenience that only an integrated digital platform can provide. In order for us to achieve our mission, we have to help people get their money right, which means providing them with the ability to borrow better, save better, spend better, invest better and protect better. Everything we do today is geared toward helping our members Get Your Money Right and we strive to innovate and build ways for our members to achieve this goal. In order to help achieve our mission, we are a member-centric, one-stop shop for financial services that, through our Lending and Financial Services products, allows members to borrow, save, spend, invest and protect their money. We refer to our customers as members and clients . We offer personal loans, student loans, home loans and related servicing and offer a variety of financial services products, such as SoFi Money, SoFi Credit Card, SoFi Crypto, SoFi Invest and SoFi Relay, that provide more daily interactions with our members, as well as products and capabilities, such as SoFi At Work, that are designed to appeal to enterprises. Lending related services that we offer through our Loan Platform Business help a broader range of borrowers to find lending solutions, through our relationships with members as well as third-party enterprise partners. Our Technology Platform supports innovation for a broad range of enterprises, with offerings that give clients the ability to create, launch and run financial products. In addition, SoFi Plus is our premium financial membership that provides benefits that span our offerings and brings together all we have to offer. We have built a personalized area within our digital native application, which we refer to as the member home experience. The member home experience is personalized and delivers content to a member about what they must do that day in their financial life, what they should consider doing that day in their financial life, and what they could do that day in their financial life. Through the member home experience, there are significant opportunities to build frequent engagement and, to date, the member home experience has been an important driver of new product adoption. The member home experience is an important part of our strategy and our ability to use data as a competitive advantage. To complement these products and services, we believe in establishing partnerships with other enterprises to leverage our existing capabilities to reach a broader market and in building vertically-integrated technology platforms designed to manage and deliver our suite of products and technology solutions to our members and clients in a low-cost and differentiated manner. Our three reportable segments and their primary product and service offerings as of December 31, 2025 were as follows: 5 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS _________________ (1) Loan Platform Business includes activity related to (i) certain loans which we originate on behalf of third-party partners, (ii) referred loans which are originated by a third-party partner to which we provide pre-qualified borrower referrals, (iii) certain loans associated with our Lantern financial services marketplace platform, and (iv) servicing rights assumed from third parties. Refer to Our Reportable Segments Financial Services Segment and Our Reportable Segments Lending Segment for more information. Members We have created an innovative financial services platform designed to offer best-in-class products to meet the broad objectives of our members and the lifecycle of their financial needs. Our platform offers our members (as defined under Part II, Item 7. Key Business Metrics ) a suite of financial products and services, enabling them to borrow, save, spend, invest and protect their finances across one integrated platform, as well as personal financial management tools and benefits to complement our products. Our aim is to create a best-in-class, integrated financial services platform that will generate a virtuous cycle whereby positive member experiences will lead to new product adoption by existing members and enhanced profitability for each additional product by lowering overall member acquisition costs and increasing the lifetime value of our members. We refer to this virtuous cycle as our Financial Services Productivity Loop , which is further discussed below. Enterprises In addition to benefiting our members, our products and capabilities are also designed to appeal to enterprises and have become interconnected with the SoFi platform, such as financial services institutions that subscribe to our enterprise services, third-party partners in our Loan Platform Business, and clients who utilize our technology platform services. While our enterprises are not considered members, they are important contributors to the growth of the SoFi platform, and also have their own constituents who might benefit from our products in the future. SoFi Bank SoFi Technologies is a bank holding company, and SoFi Bank is a nationally chartered association. As a bank holding company, we offer checking and savings accounts, credit cards and crypto trading through SoFi Bank. We are originating all new loans within SoFi Bank, and we intend to continue to explore other products for SoFi Bank over time, including stablecoin issuance and tokenized deposits. The key current and expected financial benefits to us of operating a national bank include: (i) lowering our cost to fund loans, as we can utilize deposits held at SoFi Bank to fund loans, which generally have a lower borrowing cost of funds than warehouse and securitization financing, (ii) increasing our flexibility to hold loans on our balance sheet for longer periods, thereby enabling us to earn interest on these loans for a longer period, (iii) supporting origination volume growth by providing an alternative financing option, while also maintaining our warehouse capacity, and (iv) through deposits, providing us with a channel to obtain meaningful member data that can allow us to better serve our members financial needs. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of certain potential risks related to being a bank holding company . International Operations While we primarily operate in the United States, we also operate internationally in Latin America, Canada and Switzerland, largely through our Technology Platform segment, as well as in Hong Kong through SoFi Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (an investment business). Our Differentiation In order to build best-in-class offerings, we focus on four differentiators: fast, selection, content and convenience. (1) Fast We aspire to be the fastest place for our members to responsibly do anything, whether it s applying for a loan, getting a funded loan, opening an account, buying or selling a stock, uploading a mobile check, getting access to money, paying a friend, or accessing relevant financial content. Other than certain products acquired and offered through SoFi Bank, our products are all digital and we have a culture of iteration to help drive faster and faster services. (2) Selection Given the digital nature of our products, the permutations of features and services that can be made available to our members across their needs to borrow, save, spend, invest and protect are significant. We will continue to iterate, learn and innovate to broaden our selection in the same way we did this year by providing our members with competitive interest rates on checking and savings accounts, options trading, Pay in 4 (a buy now, pay later product), and SoFi Plus membership benefits. 6 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS (3) Content Our financial education, insights, research content, actionable tools and advice are designed to provide meaningful value for our members. Our carefully-crafted and personalized content is offered through our member home experience and is designed to help our members get their money right. We strive to provide digestible financial education, meaningful answers, salient information, advice, credit scores, financial calculators, investment research and financial news that enhance member loyalty and increase the likelihood that members will use additional SoFi products. (4) Convenience We hold ourselves accountable and aim to provide the most convenient member experience possible in terms of ease of use, ubiquity, functionality, simplicity and responsive customer service. Our long-term goal is to provide the most convenient 24x7 service and dispel the historical construct of financial service availability based on 9-5 Monday through Friday through various means, such as supporting our members by offering a conversational AI engine to enhance the overall member experience. Each product we offer is delivered in a member-centric way and is built and enhanced with these differentiators in mind. We believe that our member-centric, one-stop shop for financial services serves as a competitive differentiator for us relative to other financial services providers. We offer our members a full suite of financial products and services all in one common mobile application. To complement these products and services, we believe in building vertically-integrated technology platforms designed to manage and deliver the suite of solutions to our members in a low-cost and differentiated manner. The Financial Services Productivity Loop We believe that developing a comprehensive, long-term relationship with our members and gaining their trust is central to our success as a financial services platform. We have a digital-first financial services platform that we believe can support all of our members financial services needs throughout their lifetime. We believe this will lead to a competitive advantage over other financial institutions that provide a disjointed and non-seamless product experience, a lack of digital customer acquisition, subpar mobile web products instead of digital native apps and incomplete product offerings to meet a customer s holistic financial needs. A central part of our strategy is rooted in what we refer to as our Financial Services Productivity Loop , which is focused on building a durable relationship with our members, which we believe will help build a sustainable competitive advantage. In order to deliver on our strategy, we must develop a comprehensive set of best-in-class products that build trust and reliability with our members and our platform. Members often come to us for a specific need, then later consider using additional products from our offering. Doing more business with existing members results in increased revenue per member and lower acquisition cost, resulting in higher lifetime value per member. This also reinforces the benefits of our platform, which 7 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS simplifies the entire financial ecosystem for our members, helping them get their money right. We are able to use the increased revenue to further improve member benefits and product experience. In addition to realizing the benefits of more of our members adopting multiple SoFi products, the Financial Services Productivity Loop strategy delivers operating and technology efficiencies to deliver improved unit economics. Our Reportable Segments We conduct our business through three reportable segments: Lending, Technology Platform and Financial Services. Below is a discussion of our segments and their primary products and non-product offerings. Lending Segment We offer personal loans, student loans, home loans and related servicing to help our members with a variety of financial needs. We believe that our market opportunity within each of these lending channels is significant. Our lending process primarily leverages an in-application, digital borrowing experience, which we believe serves as a competitive advantage as digital lending becomes increasingly ubiquitous. Furthermore, our platform supports the full transaction lifecycle, including credit application, underwriting, approval, funding and servicing. Through data derived at loan origination and throughout the servicing process, SoFi has life-of-loan performance data on each loan in our ecosystem that we originate and on which we retain servicing, which provides a meaningful data asset. Net interest income, which we define as the difference between the earned interest income and interest expense to finance loans, is a key component of the profitability of our Lending segment, along with fee-based revenue, which includes loan origination fees. Personal Loans. We originate personal loans to help our members with a variety of financial needs, such as debt consolidation, home improvement projects, family planning, travel and weddings, to name a few. We offer fixed rate loans with flexible repayment terms. We generally offer loan sizes of $5,000 to $100,000, subject to legal and/or licensing requirements, with terms generally ranging from 2 to 7 years. We regularly update the annual percentage rates offered on our personal loans. Student Loans. We operate in the student loan refinance space, with a focus on prime and super-prime school loans, as well as the in-school lending space, which allows members to borrow funds while they attend school. We offer flexible loan sizes, repayment options and competitive rates. Within student loan refinancing, we generally offer loan sizes of $5,000 or higher, subject to legal and/or licensing requirements, with terms generally ranging from 5 to 20 years. Within in-school loans, we generally offer loan sizes of $1,000 or higher, subject to legal and/or licensing requirements, with terms generally ranging from 5 to 20 years. We regularly update the annual percentage rates offered on our fixed and variable-rate student loans. Home Loans . We originate agency, non-agency, and certain government loan products (including FHA and VA loans) to members who are purchasing a home, refinancing an existing mortgage, or obtaining a home equity loan. Across our home loan products, we provide competitive rates, flexible down payment options as low as 3% (or 0% for VA loans), a close-on-time guarantee, and educational tools and calculators to support members throughout the borrowing process. When a member s credit profile or other risk attributes do not align with our underwriting guidelines or risk appetite, we may broker home equity loans and home equity lines of credit to a third-party wholesale lender to help meet the member s financing needs. We originate loans in accordance with applicable loan limits and program requirements, including Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) conforming limits and FHA and VA program limits, with FHA and VA loan amounts capped at $1,500,000. We also offer jumbo loans with loan amounts up to $3,000,000 and fixed-rate home equity loans up to $750,000. Our fixed-rate home loans generally have terms of 10, 15, 20, 25 or 30 years. We also offer adjustable-rate mortgage products for conforming and jumbo loans, with an initial fixed-rate period of 5, 7 or 10 years, followed by rate adjustments every six months for the remaining term. For FHA and VA loans, we offer adjustable-rate products with a fixed rate for five years followed by rate adjustments every year for the remainder of the term. We regularly update the annual percentage rates offered on our home loans. Lending Model We originate loans through our lending business, and have the option of pursuing a gain-on-sale origination model, whereby we seek to recognize a gain from these loans and sell them into either our whole loan or securitization channels, or holding loans on our balance sheet when advantageous. This enables us to maximize our return and balance our risk by earning interest on these loans for a longer period and to be selective in our sales arrangements. We sell our whole loans primarily to large financial institutions. In securitization transactions that do not qualify for sale accounting, the related assets remain on our balance sheet and cash proceeds received are reported as liabilities, with related interest expense recognized over the life of the related borrowing. In securitization transactions that qualify for sale accounting, we typically have insignificant continuing 8 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS involvement as an investor. In the case of both whole loan sales and securitizations, and with the exception of certain of our home loans, we also continue to retain servicing rights to our originated loans following transfer. We also originate and sell loans in support of our Loan Platform Business, through which we provide lending related services to third-party partners. We maintain the same lending relationship with borrowers across all loans that we originate, inclusive of those originated on behalf of a third-party partner and as such, reflect these products within our Lending segment total products. This enables borrowers to gain access to all the benefits of becoming a SoFi member, and enhances our opportunities to sell additional products from across our platform to these members. See Financial Services Segment for more information. We directly service all of the personal loans that we originate through our lending business, as well as provide servicing in support of our Loan Platform Business on loans originated on behalf of third-party partners and servicing rights assumed from third parties. We act as master servicer for, and rely on sub-servicers to directly service, all of our student loans and GSE conforming home loans. We view servicing as an integral component of the Lending segment, as we believe our servicing function is an important asset because of the connection to the member it affords us throughout the life of the loan thereby enhancing the effectiveness of our Financial Services Productivity Loop by increasing member touchpoints and driving new product adoption by existing members. We rely upon deposits, warehouse financing and our own capital to enable us to continue to expand our origination capabilities. Our ability to utilize deposits held at SoFi Bank to fund our loans has lowered our overall cost of asset-backed financing relative to alternative sources of funding. We expect to benefit from the continued mix towards deposit funding through operating SoFi Bank. Underwriting Process We have developed an extensive underwriting process across each lending product that is focused on willingness to pay (measured by credit attributes and risk scores), ability to pay (measured through free cash flow), and stability (measured by credit experience). A key element of our underwriting process is the ability to facilitate risk-based interest rates that we believe are appropriate for each loan using proprietary risk models. We believe the outcome of this process helps us determine a more data-driven, risk-adjusted interest rate that we can offer our members. Further, our data and monitoring tools enable us to implement risk mitigation strategies quickly and efficiently, including underwriting standard adjustments to adapt our operations to changing environments and expectations. Our personal loan and student loan underwriting models are typically based on credit reports, standard industry credit scores, custom credit assessment models, and debt capacity analysis, as indicated by borrower free cash flow. Home loans originated by SoFi that are agency-conforming loans are subject to credit, debt-to-income, and collateral eligibility established by the GSEs. Government loans, such as VA and Federal Housing Administration loans, are subject to the underwriting requirements established by the appropriate government agency. In addition to these requirements, agency-conforming and government loans are subject to credit eligibility criteria established by SoFi as well as individual investor requirements. Other non-agency loans originated by us, such as jumbo loans and home equity loans, are subject to credit eligibility established by SoFi and/or investor credit criteria, which typically includes established credit history requirements, credit score requirements, income verification, as well as maximum limits on debt-to-income and caps on loan-to-value. We also leverage our data to provide existing members a streamlined application process through automation. Across our loan products, existing members generally experience a higher approval rate than new members, subject to the existing member being in good standing on their existing products. Technology Platform Segment We provide technology platform services through a diversified suite of offerings which include an event and authorization platform accessed via application programming interfaces, a cloud-native digital and core banking platform and services related to both platforms. Our customers and partners include financial institutions, government entities and non-financial institutions primarily in North America and Latin America. We earn technology product and solutions fee-based revenue through the use of the platforms, either as a stand ready obligation, or from overall license and maintenance fee service arrangements related to those respective platforms. We also offer additional add-on technology solutions to support our clients and drive engagement, such as a conversational AI engine for customers of banks and financial institutions, and a real-time payment risk platform which employs AI and machine learning technology to enhance payment fraud mitigation strategies for financial customers. We continue to leverage investments made to integrate our services and offerings to position the Technology Platform segment for diversified durable growth. 9 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS Financial Services Segment We offer a suite of financial services solutions, the most significant of which are discussed below. Our financial services products (as defined under Part II, Item 7. Key Business Metrics ) by nature provide more daily interactions with our members and are differentiated from our lending products, which inherently provide less consistent touchpoints with our members. We also offer financial services solutions which are designed to appeal to enterprises, including our At Work product and lending related services offered through our Loan Platform Business. Certain products, such as our complementary SoFi Relay product, do not provide direct sources of revenue but foster additional touch points with our members. We believe that our suite of financial services offerings provide many ways for our members to actively engage in getting their money right as well as attractive enterprise solutions. This enables us to deliver positive experiences through various channels, building trust and durable relationships which can ultimately demonstrate the effectiveness of our Financial Services Productivity Loop virtuous cycle. SoFi Money Checking and savings accounts provide a digital banking experience which allows members to spend, save and earn interest and rewards in flexible ways. We believe SoFi Checking and Savings accounts held at SoFi Bank are attractive to our members and prospective members due to our differentiated offerings, including competitive interest rates, access to expanded FDIC insurance coverage of up to $3 million through our Insured Deposit Program and the convenience and benefits of being part of a cohesive, simplified financial ecosystem within our mobile platform. Our legacy cash management product utilizes a sweep administrator to sweep funds to and from program banks (inclusive of SoFi Bank), as necessary, under a program broker agreement between SoFi Securities and the sweep administrator, as well as program account and program bank agreements. Following the Bank Merger, we began to allow members to convert their cash management accounts into checking and savings accounts held at SoFi Bank. Effective June 5, 2022, most of our SoFi Money cash management accounts no longer earn interest, as we implemented our plan to build new features only for SoFi Checking and Savings and reduce support of our SoFi Money cash management accounts. SoFi Invest A mobile-first investment platform offering members access to trading and advisory solutions, such as active investing and robo-advisory. Our interactive investing experience fosters engagement by allowing members to view and monitor other investors activity on the platform. Our active investing service enables members to buy and sell stocks and ETFs, as well as alternative investment funds, mutual funds and money market funds, to engage in options trading, to participate in IPOs, to buy and sell fractional shares, to engage in margin investing and to access a retirement investment account. Our robo-advisory service offers a variety of managed portfolios comprising ETFs and mutual funds that are built and managed by our investment committee with support from an asset management partner. Additionally, we provide introductory brokerage services to our members and have invested heavily to create an appealing mobile investing experience. In connection with our approval as a bank holding company in February 2022, the Federal Reserve determined that the activities of SoFi Digital Assets, LLC in providing members with the ability to buy or sell various digital currencies through SoFi Digital Assets, LLC's omnibus account with a third-party custodian is not a permissible activity under the Bank Holding Company Act and Regulation Y. Under Section 4 of the Bank Holding Company Act, the Federal Reserve permitted us to continue our current digital assets related offering for a two-year conformance period from the date we became a bank holding company. Based on this, in the fourth quarter of 2023, we made the decision to transfer the crypto services provided within SoFi Digital Assets, LLC, and began closing existing digital assets accounts. This process was completed in the first quarter of 2024. See Note 1. Organization, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and New Accounting Standards to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the transfer of the crypto services. SoFi Crypto The digital asset activities described above related to SoFi Digital Assets, LLC and reflect a legacy operating structure that was discontinued in 2023. During the fourth quarter of 2025, we launched SoFi Crypto, a new digital asset trading platform, as part of our Financial Services segment that is structured differently from the prior offering and is designed to operate within the Company s current regulatory framework. SoFi Crypto gives members the ability to buy, sell and hold digital assets through SoFi Bank. The platform is integrated with our existing banking products, allowing members to fund digital asset transactions directly from their SoFi Money Checking or Savings accounts without the need to transfer funds to an external account, providing a consolidated financial experience within a single application. The platform leverages our existing technology infrastructure, compliance 10 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS framework, and security controls applicable to our bank and brokerage operations. In addition, SoFi provides educational content and in-app disclosures designed to improve accessibility and help members understand digital assets and related risks, particularly for members who are new to cryptocurrency transactions. Activities related to the platform are subject to evolving regulatory, operational, and technology risks, which are further described in Item 1A. Risk Factors . Loan Platform Business We provide lending related services to a broader set of members through our platform of enterprise partners. Revenue from the Loan Platform Business is fee-based. This includes (i) activity through which third-party partners leverage our end-to-end origination and servicing platform to acquire loans within their credit specifications on a fee per loan basis, (ii) referred loans originated by a third-party partner to which we provide pre-qualified borrower referrals, and (iii) activity related to certain loans associated with our Lantern financial services marketplace platform. In addition, we offer loan servicing support through our lending business. See Lending Segment for more information. Additional financial services solutions offered within our platform include: SoFi Credit Card : We offer credit card products designed to help eligible members spend better, with benefits and features that fit our members everyday spending, borrowing and lifestyle needs, including flexible options to redeem cash back rewards through statement credit or other SoFi products. SoFi Relay: A personal finance management product that allows members to track all of their financial accounts in one place and gain meaningful insights into their financial health and habits to help them improve their financial standing, such as credit score monitoring and spending behaviors. SoFi Relay also provides us with unified intelligence about our members that offers information about what SoFi products and features may help our members best achieve their financial goals, allowing us to further personalize the SoFi experience for our members. Lantern : A financial services marketplace platform developed to help small businesses and individuals who do not qualify for SoFi products, through a simplified search and application experience that connects these users to alternative financial solutions from a curated network of other providers. SoFi Protect : A service through which we partner with providers who offer insurance products to help our members protect their assets, including providers across auto, life, homeowners, renters, and cyber insurance products and estate planning. SoFi Travel : A service through which we partner with a provider to offer an easy travel search and booking experience that can be managed directly through the SoFi app or website, alongside expanded member benefits including member prices on certain bookings and additional cash back rewards on purchases made with SoFi Credit Card. SoFi At Work : A service through which we partner with other enterprises looking for a seamless way to provide financial benefits to their employees, such as student loan payments made on their employees behalf. We believe that the content and features we provide within our mobile application can spur more financial education, which leads to more ways for our members to actively engage in getting their money right and utilize SoFi products. Competition We compete at multiple levels, including: (i) competition among other personal loan, student loan, credit card and residential lenders, (ii) competition for deposits among other banks, some challenger banks and a variety of technology and retail companies, (iii) competition with social media and other commerce platforms and applications that offer peer-to-peer, in-app and social commerce payment capabilities, (iv) competition for investment accounts among other introductory brokerage firms and a variety of technology and other companies, (v) competition with other digital asset trading platforms and banks that offer digital asset trading and other services and products, (vi) competition for subscribers to financial services content, and (vii) competition among other technology platforms for the enterprise services we provide, such as platform as a service and cloud-native digital and core banking services. Competition to fund prime loans. The prime lending market is highly fragmented and competitive. We face competition from a diverse landscape of consumer lenders, including other banks, credit unions and specialty finance lenders, as well as alternative technology-enabled lenders. Competition to acquire deposits. Although we now operate a bank, many other banks are larger, have been in business longer and often have greater brand awareness than us. Some large technology and retail companies have large consumer bases and strong balance sheets, which could enhance their competitive ability. 11 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS Competition to acquire investment brokerage and crypto trading accounts. We face competition from brokerage platforms that provide some of the same features as us, such as a mobile brokerage experience, robo-investing, fractional share investing, crypto investing and options trading. In addition, the leading incumbent brokerage firms are larger, have been in business longer and generally have greater brand awareness than us. Technology and other companies have begun to offer some basic investing features and the ability to buy and sell digital and other assets. Competition to attract financial services content viewership. There are many sources of financial news in the marketplace, many of which are more established and have a larger subscriber base. Competition for technology products and solutions. Generally, these arrangements are multi-year contracts, which require us to spend the necessary resources on implementation and interconnecting new clients onto our platform. We face competition from larger institutions that could make investments into an integrated platform as a service solution or to a cloud-native digital and core banking solution, and also undercut our pricing, preventing our current clients from renewing, while also impeding our attempts to acquire new clients. Marketing Our sales and marketing efforts are designed to drive brand awareness, improve member acquisition efficiency and accelerate our Financial Services Productivity Loop. We attract and retain members through multiple marketing channels, including social media, press, online affiliations, search engine optimization, search engine marketing, offline partnerships and sponsorship arrangements, preapproved direct mailings and television advertising. We continue to optimize our marketing strategy through a focus on our full suite of financial products and iterate on opportunities to accelerate the Financial Services Productivity Loop. Government Supervision and Regulation We are subject to extensive and complex supervision and examination by various federal, state and local government authorities designed to, among other things, protect depositors, borrowers and other customers. The following is a summary of certain aspects of the various statutes and regulations applicable to us and our subsidiaries. This summary is not a comprehensive analysis of all applicable laws, and is qualified by reference to the full text of statutes and regulations referenced below, which may be modified or amended from time to time. In addition, significant political, policy or regulatory developments stemming from government actions and shifting regulatory priorities may impact the agencies that regulate us and result in substantial changes to the laws outlined below. Such changes are difficult to predict and may have a material adverse effect on us. As a bank holding company, we are subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Federal Reserve under the BHCA, and SoFi Bank is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the OCC and secondary supervisory authority by the FDIC as the insurer of SoFi Bank s deposits, and beginning January 1, 2024, SoFi Bank and its affiliates became subject to supervision and examination by the CFPB. SoFi Securities is subject to regulation by FINRA and the SEC, and the Company and its affiliates are subject to supervision and examination by various state regulators. Financial Holding Company and Bank Holding Company Status and Activities Bank Holding Company Regulation. The Federal Reserve has the authority, among other things, to order bank holding companies such as the Company to cease and desist from unsafe or unsound banking practices, to assess civil money penalties and to order termination of non-banking activities or termination of ownership and control of a non-banking subsidiary by a bank holding company. Source of Strength. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, we are required to serve as a source of financial strength for SoFi Bank. This means that we may be required to provide capital or liquidity support to SoFi Bank, even at times when we may not have the resources to provide such support to SoFi Bank, and capital loans by the Company to SoFi Bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of SoFi Bank. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a bank subsidiary will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. Acquisitions and Activities. The BHCA prohibits a bank holding company, without prior approval of the Federal Reserve, from acquiring all or substantially all the assets of a bank, acquiring control of a bank, merging or consolidating with another bank holding company, or acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting shares of another bank or 12 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS bank holding company if, after such acquisition, the acquiring bank holding company would control more than 5% of any class of the voting shares of such other bank or bank holding company. The BHCA also prohibits a bank holding company from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks or furnishing services to its subsidiary banks. However, a bank holding company may engage in and may own shares of companies engaged in activities that the Federal Reserve has determined, by order or regulation, to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. The Company has elected to be treated as a financial holding company pursuant to Section 4(l) of the BHCA. As a financial holding company, the Company is authorized to engage in a broader set of financial activities than a bank holding company that has not elected to be treated as a financial holding company, including insurance underwriting, broker-dealer services and acting as a finder as well as activities that are jointly determined by the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury to be financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity. Financial holding companies may also engage in activities that are determined by the Federal Reserve to be complementary to financial activities. Financial activities is broadly defined to include not only banking, insurance and securities activities, but also merchant banking and additional activities that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, determines to be financial in nature, incidental to such financial activities, or complementary activities that do not pose a substantial risk to the safety and soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. The Company must comply with all applicable Federal Reserve requirements for financial holding companies. If a financial holding company remains out of compliance for 180 days or such longer period as the Federal Reserve permits, the Federal Reserve may require the financial holding company to divest either its insured depository institution or all of its non-banking subsidiaries engaged in activities not permissible for a bank holding company. If an insured depository institution subsidiary of a financial holding company fails to maintain a satisfactory or better record of performance under the CRA, the financial holding company will be prohibited, until the rating is raised to satisfactory or better, from engaging in new activities authorized particularly for financial holding companies or acquiring companies engaged in such activities. If a financial holding company or any depository institution subsidiary of a financial holding company fails to remain well capitalized and well managed, the Federal Reserve may impose such limitations on the conduct or activities of the financial holding company as the Federal Reserve determines to be appropriate, and the bank holding company and its affiliates may not commence any new activity or acquire control of shares of any company engaged in any activity that is authorized particularly for financial holding companies without first obtaining the approval of the Federal Reserve. Limitations on Acquisitions of Our Common Stock. Acquisitions of our common stock are governed by both the Change in Bank Control Act and the BHCA. The Change in Bank Control Act prohibits a person or group of persons acting in concert from acquiring control of a bank holding company unless the Federal Reserve has been notified and has not objected to the transaction. Under a rebuttable presumption established by the Federal Reserve, the acquisition by a person or group of persons acting in concert of 10% or more of a class of voting securities of a bank holding company with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act constitutes the acquisition of control of a bank holding company for purposes of the Change in Bank Control Act. The BHCA prohibits any company from acquiring control of a bank or bank holding company without first having obtained the approval of the Federal Reserve. Under the BHCA, a company is deemed to control a bank or bank holding company if the company owns, controls or holds with power to vote 25% or more of a class of voting securities of the bank or bank holding company, controls in any manner the election of a majority of directors or trustees of the bank or bank holding company, or the Federal Reserve determines that the company has the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of the bank or bank holding company. Under a rebuttable presumption of control established by the Federal Reserve, the acquisition of control of 5% or more of a class of voting securities of a bank holding company, together with other factors enumerated by the Federal Reserve, could constitute the acquisition of control of a bank holding company under the BHCA. Banking Regulation SoFi Bank is subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the OCC. Additionally, the FDIC has secondary supervisory authority as the insurer of SoFi Bank s deposits. Pursuant to the BHCA as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve may also directly examine the subsidiaries of the Company, including SoFi Bank. Beginning January 1, 2024, SoFi Bank and its affiliates became subject to supervision and examination by the CFPB. The enforcement powers available to the federal banking regulators include, among other things, the ability to issue cease and desist or removal orders, to terminate insurance of deposits, to assess civil money penalties, to issue directives to increase capital, to place SoFi Bank into receivership, and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and institution-affiliated parties, any of which could compromise our competitive position. 13 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS Deposit Insurance. Deposit obligations of SoFi Bank are insured by the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund up to $250,000 per depositor for deposits held in the same right and capacity. Deposit insurance premiums are based on assets, while taking into account various factors, including certain financial metrics and a bank s supervisory ratings. The FDIC has the authority to adjust deposit insurance assessment rates at any time. Further, through SoFi Money, members have access to expanded FDIC insurance coverage of up to $3 million through a reciprocal deposit network of participating banks in our Insured Deposit Program. Under the FDIA, insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC if the FDIC finds that the insured depository institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. For 2025, the FDIC insurance expense for SoFi Bank was $19.3 million. Activities and Investments of National Banking Associations. National banking associations must comply with the National Bank Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder by the OCC, which generally limit the activities of national banking associations to those that are deemed to be part of, or incidental to, the business of banking . Activities that are part of, or incidental to, the business of banking include taking deposits, borrowing and lending money and discounting or negotiating promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange, and other evidences of debt. Subsidiaries of national banking associations generally may only engage in activities permissible for the parent national bank. Acquisitions and Branching. Prior approval from the OCC is required in order for SoFi Bank to acquire another bank or establish a new branch office. Well capitalized and well managed banks may acquire other banks in any state, subject to certain deposit concentration limits and other conditions, pursuant to the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act. Brokered Deposits. The FDIA and FDIC regulations generally limit the ability of an insured depository institution to accept, renew or roll over any brokered deposit unless the institution s capital category is well capitalized or, with the FDIC s approval, adequately capitalized. Certain depository institutions that have brokered deposits in excess of 10% of total assets are subject to increased FDIC deposit insurance premium assessments; however, Section 202 of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the Economic Growth Act ), which was enacted in 2018, amended the FDIA to exempt a capped amount of reciprocal deposits from treatment as brokered deposits for insured depository institutions that are well capitalized and have a CAMELS composite rating of 1 or 2. Community Reinvestment Act. The CRA requires the OCC to evaluate SoFi Bank s performance in helping to meet the credit needs of the entire communities it serves, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with its safe and sound banking operation. A bank s performance under the CRA is taken into consideration when evaluating and approving applications for charters, bank mergers, acquisitions, and branch openings. On January 1, 2023, SoFi Bank began operating under a five-year CRA strategic plan which includes five measurable goals relating to: (i) CD Lending and CD Investments, (ii) CD Contributions, (iii) CD Services, (iv) Small Business Lending, and (v) Retail Services and Products. SoFi Bank s 2023-2027 CRA performance will be examined based upon the CRA strategic plan s five measurable goals as defined in the strategic plan and, as a result, the OCC s standard performance evaluation criteria will not be utilized to evaluate SoFi Bank s CRA performance throughout the duration of the strategic plan period. The OCC rates a national bank s compliance with the CRA as Outstanding , Satisfactory , Needs to Improve or Substantial Noncompliance . Failure of SoFi Bank to receive at least a Satisfactory rating could inhibit SoFi Bank or the Company from undertaking certain activities, including acquisitions of other financial institutions. Golden Pacific Bank, the predecessor to SoFi Bank, received a Satisfactory rating as of April 1, 2019. On October 23, 2023, the Federal Reserve, OCC and FDIC approved changes to their CRA regulations (the 2023 rule ). These changes were challenged in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, seeking, among other things, a preliminary injunction pausing implementation of the new rules while the court decided the merits of the case. On July 16, 2025, the Federal Reserve, FDIC and the OCC jointly issued a proposal to rescind the 2023 rule and replace it with the 1995 CRA regulations, with certain technical amendments. Lending Restrictions . Federal law limits a bank s authority to extend credit to insiders , which includes directors and executive officers of the bank and certain of its affiliates and persons or companies that own, control or have power to vote more than 10% of any class of securities of a bank or an affiliate of a bank, as well as to entities controlled by such persons. Among other things, extensions of credit to insiders are required to be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons. The terms of such extensions of credit may not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features and may not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of the bank s capital. Lending Obligations. Government-Sponsored Enterprises (GSEs), like the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), are financial services corporations created by 14 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS Congress to enhance the flow of credit to specific sectors of the economy. GSEs invest in and purchase mortgage loans in the secondary mortgage market. This process helps provide liquidity to mortgage lenders like SoFi Bank, enabling them to continue offering loans to more buyers. The GSEs impose prescriptive rules, underwriting criteria, servicing standards, repurchase obligations, and other guidelines on mortgage lenders who originate mortgage loans in which the GSEs invest. GSEs invest in some of the mortgage loans that SoFi Bank originates. Therefore, SoFi Bank must make certain representations and warranties to those GSEs and comply with those rules and guidelines. Similarly, because we offer certain government-backed loans (e.g., Veterans Affairs (VA) and Federal Housing Administration (FHA) loans) to eligible borrowers purchasing a home or refinancing an existing mortgage, we must comply with applicable VA and FHA rules and guidelines with respect to those loans. Enhanced Prudential Supervision Both SoFi Bank and the Company, which controls SoFi Bank, had total consolidated assets in excess of $10 billion as of December 31, 2025 which subjects them to additional regulatory requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act and other federal banking laws. CFPB. Section 1025 of the Dodd-Frank Act and the CFPB s interpretations thereof provide that the CFPB has authority to examine any insured depository institution with total assets of more than $10 billion for four consecutive quarters and any affiliate thereof. Beginning January 1, 2024, SoFi Bank and its affiliates became subject to CFPB supervision and regulation with respect to federal consumer protection laws, including laws relating to fair lending and the prohibition of unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in connection with the offer, sale or provision of consumer financial products and services. As part of its regulatory oversight, the CFPB has authority to take enforcement actions against firms that offer certain products and services to consumers using practices that are deemed to be unfair, deceptive or abusive. Durbin Amendment. Section 1075 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which is commonly known as the Durbin Amendment , amended the Electronic Fund Transfer Act to restrict the amount of interchange fees that may be charged and prohibit network exclusivity for debit card transactions. The restrictions on interchange fees became applicable to SoFi Bank on July 1, 2023, which may negatively impact future interchange fees. Volcker Rule. Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, commonly known as the Volcker Rule , which generally prohibits banking entities from engaging in proprietary trading and from acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring certain types of investment funds, applies to insured depository institutions, companies that control an insured depository institution, companies and foreign banks that are subject to the BHCA, and their affiliates and subsidiaries. There is an exception from the Volcker Rule that excludes an institution from the definition of insured depository institution if neither it, nor any company that controls it, has total consolidated assets of more than $10 billion and consolidated trading assets and liabilities that are 5% or more of consolidated assets. The Company and our subsidiaries are subject to the Volcker Rule and do not qualify for this exception. Heightened Standards. Section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act, as amended by the Economic Growth Act, and 12 C.F.R. Part 30 require the Federal Reserve and the OCC, respectively, to implement enhanced prudential regulation, referred to as heightened standards , of bank holding companies with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more and national banks with total assets of $50 billion or more. The enhanced prudential standards include risk-based and leverage capital requirements, liquidity standards, requirements for overall risk management, and stress-test requirements. On December 23, 2025, the OCC proposed raising the asset threshold for heightened standards for banks from $50 billion to $700 billion in total consolidated assets. Once the Company s or SoFi Bank s assets are equal to or greater than the applicable asset thresholds, we will be subject to these enhanced prudential regulations. Capital Adequacy and Safety and Soundness Regulatory Capital Requirements. The Federal Reserve and the OCC have issued substantially similar risk-based and leverage capital rules applicable to U.S. banking organizations such as the Company and SoFi Bank. These rules are intended to reflect the relationship between the banking organization s capital and the degree of risk associated with its operations based on transactions recorded on-balance sheet as well as off-balance sheet items. The Federal Reserve and the OCC may from time to time require that a banking organization maintain capital above the minimum levels discussed below, due to the banking organization s financial condition or actual or anticipated growth. The capital adequacy rules define qualifying capital instruments and specify minimum amounts of capital as a percentage of assets that banking organizations are required to maintain. Common equity Tier 1 capital generally includes common stock and related surplus, retained earnings and, in certain cases and subject to certain limitations, minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries, less goodwill, other non-qualifying intangible assets and certain other deductions. Tier 1 capital for 15 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS banks and bank holding companies generally consists of the sum of common equity Tier 1 capital, non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, and related surplus and, in certain cases and subject to limitations, minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries that do not qualify as common equity Tier 1 capital, less certain deductions. Tier 2 capital generally consists of hybrid capital instruments, perpetual debt and mandatory convertible debt securities, cumulative perpetual preferred stock, term subordinated debt and intermediate-term preferred stock, and, subject to limitations, allowances for loan losses. The sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital less certain required deductions represents qualifying total risk-based capital. Under the capital rules, risk-based capital ratios are calculated by dividing common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital, and total capital, respectively , by risk-weighted assets. Assets and off-balance sheet credit equivalents are assigned to one of several categories of risk weights based primarily on relative credit risk. The Tier 1 leverage ratio is calculated by dividing Tier 1 capital by average assets, less certain items such as goodwill and intangible assets, as permitted under the capital rules. Under the Federal Reserve s rules that are applicable to the Company and the OCC s capital rules applicable to SoFi Bank, the Company and SoFi Bank are each required to maintain a minimum common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of at least 4.5%, a minimum Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 6.0%, a minimum total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 8.0% and a minimum leverage ratio requirement of 4.0%. Additionally, these rules require an institution to establish a capital conservation buffer of common equity Tier 1 capital in an amount above the minimum risk-based capital requirements for adequately capitalized institutions of more than 2.5% of total risk weighted assets, or face restrictions on the ability to pay dividends, pay discretionary bonuses and to engage in share repurchases. Under the OCC s prompt corrective action rules, an OCC supervised institution is considered well capitalized if it: (i) has a total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 10.0% or greater, (ii) a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 8.0% or greater, (iii) a common Tier 1 equity ratio of 6.5% or greater, (iv) a leverage capital ratio of 5.0% or greater, and (v) is not subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive or prompt corrective action directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. SoFi Bank is considered well capitalized under all regulatory definitions. Generally, a bank, upon receiving notice that it is not adequately capitalized (i.e., that it is undercapitalized ), becomes subject to the prompt corrective action provisions of Section 38 of the FDIA that, for example: (i) restrict payment of capital distributions and management fees, (ii) require that its federal bank regulator monitor the condition of the institution and its efforts to restore its capital, (iii) require submission of a capital restoration plan, (iv) restrict the growth of the institution s assets, and (v) require prior regulatory approval of certain expansion proposals. A bank that is required to submit a capital restoration plan must concurrently submit a performance guarantee by each company that controls the bank. A bank that is critically undercapitalized (i.e., has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0%) will be subject to further restrictions, and generally will be placed in conservatorship or receivership within 90 days. Current capital rules do not establish standards for determining whether a bank holding company is well capitalized. However, for purposes of processing regulatory applications and notices, the Federal Reserve s Regulation Y provides that a bank holding company is considered well capitalized if: (i) on a consolidated basis, the bank holding company maintains a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0% or greater, (ii) on a consolidated basis, the bank holding company maintains a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0% or greater, and (iii) the bank holding company is not subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive issued by the Federal Reserve to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. Safety and Soundness Standard. Guidelines adopted by the federal bank regulatory agencies pursuant to the FDIA establish general standards relating to internal controls and information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings, and compensation and benefits. In general, these guidelines require, among other things, appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risk and exposures specified in the guidelines. For example, the guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder. In addition, the federal banking agencies adopted regulations that authorize, but do not require, an agency to order an institution that has been given notice by an agency that it is not satisfying any of such safety and soundness standards to submit a compliance plan. If, after being so notified, an institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan or fails in any material respect to implement an acceptable compliance plan, the agency must issue an order restricting asset growth, requiring the institution to increase its ratio of tangible equity to assets or directing action to correct the deficiency and may issue an order requiring other actions of the types to which an undercapitalized institution is subject under the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIA. See Regulatory Capital Requirements above. If an institution fails to comply with such an order, the agency may seek to enforce such order in judicial proceedings and to impose civil money penalties. 16 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS Dividend Restrictions The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiaries. The right of the Company, and consequently the right of shareholders of the Company, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of its subsidiaries through the payment of dividends or otherwise is subject to the prior claims of creditors of the subsidiaries, including, with respect to SoFi Bank, depositors of SoFi Bank, except to the extent that certain claims of the Company in a creditor capacity may be recognized. Restrictions on Bank Holding Company Dividends . The Federal Reserve has the authority to prohibit bank holding companies from paying dividends if such payment is deemed to be an unsafe or unsound practice. The Federal Reserve has indicated generally that it may be an unsafe or unsound practice for bank holding companies to pay dividends on regulatory capital instruments unless the bank holding company s net income over the preceding year is sufficient to fund the dividends and the expected rate of earnings retention is consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. In addition, under Federal Reserve policy, the Company should inform the Federal Reserve reasonably in advance of declaring or paying a dividend on regulatory capital instruments that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in a material adverse change to the Company s capital structure. Further, under the Federal Reserve s capital rules, the Company s ability to pay dividends is restricted if it does not maintain capital above the capital conservation buffer. See Capital Adequacy and Safety and Soundness Regulatory Capital Requirements above. Restrictions on Bank Dividends . The OCC has the authority to use its enforcement powers to prohibit a bank from paying dividends if, in its opinion, the payment of dividends would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. Federal law also prohibits the payment of dividends by a bank that will result in the bank failing to meet its applicable capital requirements on a pro forma basis. In addition, under the National Bank Act, SoFi Bank generally may, without prior approval of the OCC, declare a dividend so long as the total amount of all dividends (common and preferred), including the proposed dividend, in the current year do not exceed net income for the current year to date plus retained net income for the prior two years. Certain Transactions by Bank Holding Companies with their Affiliates There are various statutory restrictions on the extent to which bank holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries may borrow, obtain credit from or otherwise engage in covered transactions with their insured depository institution subsidiaries. An insured depository institution (and its subsidiaries) may not lend money to, or engage in covered transactions with, its non-depository institution affiliates if the aggregate amount of covered transactions outstanding involving the bank, plus the proposed transaction exceeds the following limits: (i) in the case of any one such affiliate, the aggregate amount of covered transactions of the insured depository institution and its subsidiaries cannot exceed 10% of the capital stock and surplus of the insured depository institution, and (ii) in the case of all affiliates, the aggregate amount of covered transactions of the insured depository institution and its subsidiaries cannot exceed 20% of the capital stock and surplus of the insured depository institution. For this purpose, covered transactions are defined by statute to include a loan or extension of credit to an affiliate; a purchase of or investment in securities issued by an affiliate; a purchase of assets from an affiliate unless exempted by the Federal Reserve; the acceptance of securities issued by an affiliate as collateral for a loan or extension of credit to any person or company; the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate; securities borrowing or lending transactions with an affiliate that creates a credit exposure to such affiliate; or a derivatives transaction with an affiliate that creates a credit exposure to such affiliate. Covered transactions are also subject to certain collateral security requirements. Covered transactions as well as other types of transactions between a bank and a bank holding company must be conducted under terms and conditions, including credit standards, which are at least as favorable to the bank as prevailing market terms. Moreover, Section 106 of the Bank Holding Company Act Amendments of 1970 provides that, to further competition, a bank holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tying arrangements in connection with any extension of credit, lease or sale of property of any kind, or the furnishing of any service. Consumer Financial Services Laws and Regulations We are subject to federal and state laws designed to protect consumers and prohibit unfair or deceptive business practices. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must interact with customers when taking deposits, extending credit, collecting or servicing credit or loan accounts and providing other services. The CFPB also has a broad mandate to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices, which can be referred to as UDAAP , and is specifically empowered to require certain disclosures to consumers, including on certain model disclosure forms, and prohibit certain practices. Failure to comply with consumer protection laws and regulations can subject financial institutions to enforcement actions, fines and other penalties. State attorneys general may also have certain limited authority to enforce general UDAAP requirements against SoFi. Prior to January 1, 2024, the OCC examined SoFi Bank for compliance with CFPB rules and enforced CFPB rules with respect to SoFi Bank. As noted above, beginning January 1, 2024, SoFi Bank and its affiliates became subject to supervision and regulation by the CFPB as an insured depository 17 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS institution with total assets of more than $10 billion. Below are certain regulations to which our consumer financial services are subject. Truth in Lending Act. The TILA and Regulation Z, which implements it, require lenders to provide consumers with uniform, understandable information concerning certain terms and conditions of their loan and credit transactions prior to the consummation of a credit transaction and, in the case of certain education, mortgage, personal, credit card, overdraft, and other open-end loans, at the time of a loan solicitation, application, approval and origination of a credit transaction. TILA also regulates the advertising of credit, including limitations on co-branding private education lender s products with educational institutions in the marketing of private education loans, and gives borrowers, among other things, certain rights regarding updated disclosures and periodic statements, security interests taken to secure the credit, the right to rescind certain loan transactions, a right to an investigation and resolution of billing errors, and the treatment of credit balances. For certain types of credit transactions, lenders are not permitted to originate loans with certain high-risk features, such as negative amortization and balloon payments, and must provide certain consumer protections during the underwriting and origination process, such as providing a right to an appraisal of mortgaged property, and verifying the consumer s ability to repay the loan prior to making a decision to approve an application for the loan. Private education lenders must provide multiple disclosures to applicants under TILA and must provide applicants with 30 days in which to accept or reject a loan offer as well as the right to rescind the loan transaction for three business days following receipt of the Final TILA disclosure. Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. The federal RESPA and Regulation X, which implements it, require certain disclosures to be made to the borrower at application, as to the lender s initial disclosures (or good faith estimate) of loan origination costs, and at closing with respect to the real estate settlement statement; apply to certain loan servicing practices including escrow accounts, member complaints, servicing transfers, lender-placed insurance, error resolution and loss mitigation. RESPA also prohibits giving or accepting any fee, kickback or a thing of value for the referral of real estate settlement services, and giving or accepting any portion of any fee charged for rendering a real estate settlement service other than for services actually performed. To the extent that a lender makes or receives a referral to a third-party with whom it has an affiliated business arrangement, for settlement services, RESPA requires a disclosure to the customer of the affiliation to the service provider. For most home loans, the time of application (loan estimate) and time of loan closing disclosure requirements for RESPA and TILA have been combined into integrated disclosures under the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure rule. Equal Credit Opportunity Act. The federal ECOA prohibits creditors from discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, marital status, the fact that all or part of the applicant s income derives from any public assistance program or the fact that the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the federal Consumer Credit Protection Act or any applicable state law. Regulation B, which implements ECOA, restricts creditors from requesting certain types of information from loan applicants and from using advertising or making statements that would discourage on a prohibited basis a reasonable person from making or pursuing an application. ECOA also requires creditors to provide consumers and certain small businesses with timely responses to applications for credit, including notices of adverse action taken on credit applications. Fair Housing Act. The federal FHA applies to credit related to housing and prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status and handicap. The FHA prohibits discrimination in advertising regarding the sale or rental of a dwelling, which includes mortgage credit discrimination. The FHA may place restrictions on a creditor s targeted marketing strategies, due to the risk that such strategies may increase a creditor s fair lending risk. Home Mortgage Disclosure Act. The federal HMDA requires lenders to collect, report and disclose certain information about their mortgage lending activity to the CFPB. Much of the data reported pursuant to HMDA is made public and can be used by regulators and third parties to ascertain information about our mortgage lending activity. Regulators and litigants may use the data to make inferences about our compliance with ECOA, FHA and similar anti-discrimination laws. Effective in 2018, the CFPB issued a final rule which greatly expanded the amount of data that mortgage lenders are required to collect and report under HMDA. Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act. We employ and contract with mortgage loan originators who are required by state and federal law to be licensed as mortgage loan originators in the relevant jurisdictions where they operate. To obtain and maintain licensure, the mortgage loan originator must meet the minimum education, experience and character requirements set forth by the relevant state s law, and periodically renew their licenses. We may not be permitted to employ, take applications from, or originate loans processed by mortgage loan originators who fail to maintain a license in good standing in each relevant jurisdiction. Fair Credit Reporting Act. The federal FCRA, as amended by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies. FCRA requires a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer credit report and requires persons that furnish loan payment information to credit 18 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS bureaus to report such information accurately. We are also required to perform a reasonable investigation in the event we receive indirect disputes from the credit bureaus about the accuracy of our credit reporting for a particular consumer and to update any inaccurate information we discover. FCRA also imposes disclosure requirements on creditors who take adverse action on credit applications based on information contained in a consumer report or received from a third party and requires creditors who use consumer reports in establishing loan terms to provide risk-based pricing or credit score notices to affected consumers. FCRA also imposes rules and disclosure requirements on creditors use of consumer reports for marketing purposes, which impacts our ability to use consumer reports and prescreened lists to market consumer loans through direct mail and other means. Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. The federal FDCPA provides guidelines and limitations on the conduct of third-party debt collectors in connection with the collection of consumer debts. The FDCPA limits certain communications with third parties, imposes notice and debt validation requirements, and prohibits threatening, harassing or abusive conduct in the course of debt collection. While the FDCPA applies to third-party debt collectors, and not original creditors, debt collection and loan servicing laws of certain states impose similar requirements on creditors who collect their own debts or contract with third parties to collect their debts. In addition, the CFPB prohibits UDAAP in debt collection, including first-party debt collection. The CFPB s Regulation F, which implements the FDCPA, addresses communications in connection with debt collection, interprets and applies prohibitions on harassment or abuse, false or misleading representations, and unfair practices in debt collection, and clarifies requirements for certain consumer-facing debt collection disclosures. Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. The federal SCRA allows military members to suspend, limit or postpone certain civil obligations so that the military member can devote his or her full attention to military duties. The SCRA requires us to adjust the interest rate on pre-service obligations of borrowers who qualify for and request relief. The SCRA also places limitations on remedies that may otherwise be available to a creditor, such as foreclosures and default judgments. Military Lending Act. The MLA restricts, among other things, the interest rate and other terms that can be offered to active military personnel and their dependents. The MLA caps the interest rate that may be offered to a covered borrower for most types of consumer credit to a 36% military annual percentage rate, or MAPR , which includes certain fees such as application fees, participation fees and fees for add-on products. The MLA also requires certain disclosures and prohibits certain terms, such as mandatory arbitration if a dispute arises concerning the consumer credit product. Expedited Funds Availability Act. The EFAA and Regulation CC, which implements it, requires us to provide consumers with a schedule of when the funds from deposits they make will become available for use. It requires us to make funds available for consumers no later than on the schedule mandated by Regulation CC, imposes prescriptive rules about our ability to place a hold on a deposit to specific circumstances, for example when we need to research potential fraud, and requires us to provide notice to depositors when a hold is placed. Truth in Savings Act. The TISA and Regulation DD, which implements it, require us to provide consumers with certain uniform disclosures to enable consumers to make informed decisions about our deposit offerings and to aid in comparison shopping by informing consumers about the fees, annual percentage yield, interest rate, and other terms for our deposit accounts and related transaction and overdraft features. TISA also regulates the payment of interest, calculating the balance on interest paid, calculating the annual-percentage yield, overdraft features, changes in terms on deposit accounts, and the advertising of deposit accounts and promotional offers. Electronic Fund Transfer Act and NACHA Rules. The federal EFTA, and Regulation E that implements it, provide guidelines and restrictions on the provision of electronic fund transfer services to consumers, and on making an electronic transfer of funds from consumers bank accounts. Among other requirements, the EFTA and Regulation E require that financial institutions and providers of electronic fund transfer services limit a consumer s liability for, and reimburse consumers for, confirmed theft and unauthorized transactions, and impose requirements on remittance transfer, P2P transfer, and overdraft features. In addition, transfers performed by electronic transfers using the ACH network are subject to detailed timing and notification rules and guidelines administered by the NACHA. Most transfers of funds in connection with the origination and repayment of loans are performed by electronic fund transfers, such as ACH transfers. We obtain necessary electronic authorization from borrowers and investors for such transfers in compliance with such rules. EFTA requires that lenders make available loan payment methods other than automatic preauthorized electronic fund transfers, and prohibits lenders from conditioning the approval of a loan transaction on the borrower s agreement to repay the loan through automatic fund transfers. The NACHA Operating Rules require ACH Originators to perform account validation as part of their commercially reasonable fraudulent transaction detection systems. Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act/Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. The federal ESIGN, and similar state laws, particularly the UETA, authorize the creation of legally binding and enforceable agreements utilizing electronic records and signatures. ESIGN and UETA require businesses that want to use electronic records or 19 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS signatures in consumer transactions and to provide electronic disclosures and other electronic communications to consumers, to obtain the consumer s consent to receive information electronically. Bank Secrecy Act . We have implemented various anti-money laundering policies and procedures to comply with applicable federal anti-money laundering laws, regulations and requirements, such as designating a BSA officer, conducting an annual risk assessment, developing internal controls, independent testing, training, and suspicious activity monitoring and reporting. We apply the customer identification and verification program rules pursuant to the USA PATRIOT Act amendments to the BSA and its implementing regulations and screen certain customer information against the list of specially designated nationals and other lists of sanctioned countries, persons, and entities maintained by the U.S. Treasury Department s OFAC. Additionally, SoFi Bank is a financial institution under the BSA that is required to implement a risk-based anti-money laundering program, including customer identification procedures, currency transaction reporting, suspicious activity monitoring and reporting and other recordkeeping requirements. Furthermore, the Federal Reserve expects non-bank subsidiaries of bank holding companies to comply with certain BSA reporting requirements. In addition, our contracts with financial institution partners and other third parties may contractually require us to maintain an anti-money laundering program. Office of Foreign Assets Control. The U.S. has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, nationals and others. These sanctions, which are administered by OFAC, take many different forms. Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial or other transactions relating to a sanctioned country or with certain designated persons and entities; (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons); and (iii) restrictions on transactions with or involving certain persons or entities. Blocked assets (for example, property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the Company. Loan Servicing. We are subject to federal laws regulating loan servicing, including CFPB supervision and regulation, in connection with our loan servicing activities conducted by SoFi Bank and SoFi Lending Corp. In addition, for so long as SoFi Lending Corp. acts as servicer or holds master servicing rights for any of our loans, we are subject to certain state requirements applicable to loan servicers, including licensing. We are subject to such federal supervision and state requirements even in scenarios where we have engaged third-party servicers to perform servicing for our loans. Certain state laws, such as the California Rosenthal Act, apply to creditors and first party servicers, and certain federal and state laws apply to parties that indirectly service loans through the use of third-party servicer contracts. Additionally, we sell certain of the loans we originate to third parties and are therefore subject to laws governing parties that service loans on behalf of another person to whom the debt is owed. We are currently licensed as a loan servicer in several states and may be required to seek additional licenses. If we seek additional licenses, a state has in the past and may in the future impose fines, restrict our activity in that state, or seek other relief for activity conducted prior to the issuance of a license. Other State Lending Laws. In addition to the state laws applicable to loan servicing to which SoFi Lending Corp. is subject as a holder of servicing rights for certain of our loans, and in addition to applicable federal laws and regulations governing our operations, one or more of our subsidiaries may need, and have obtained, one or more state licenses to broker, acquire, service and/or enforce loans, or to transmit money to or from any particular state. Where we have obtained or may in the future obtain licenses, state licensing statutes may impose a variety of requirements and restrictions on us, including: record-keeping requirements; restrictions on servicing and collection practices, including limits on finance charges and fees; restrictions on collections; restrictions on permissible terms in consumer agreements; disclosure requirements; examination requirements; surety bond and minimum net worth requirements; permissible investment requirements; financial reporting requirements; reporting and license renewal requirements; 20 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS notification and approval requirements for changes in principal officers, directors, stock ownership or corporate control; restrictions on marketing and advertising; qualified individual requirements; anti-money laundering and compliance program requirements; data security and privacy requirements; and review requirements for loan forms and other customer-facing documents. Each state s laws, regulations and licensing requirements may differ from the laws, regulations and licensing requirements of other states, and state laws often include fee limitations and disclosure and other requirements. Many of these state lending laws are vague and subject to differing interpretation, which exposes us to some risks. The number and complexity of these laws, and vagaries in their interpretations, present compliance and litigation risks from inadvertent error and omissions which we may not be able to eliminate from our operations or activities. The laws, regulations and rules described above are subject to legislative, administrative and judicial interpretation, and some of these laws and regulations have been infrequently interpreted or only recently enacted. Infrequent interpretations of these laws and regulations or an insignificant number of interpretations of recently-enacted laws and regulations can result in ambiguity with respect to permitted conduct under these laws and regulations. Any ambiguity under the laws and regulations to which we are subject may lead to regulatory investigations or enforcement actions and private causes of action, such as class-action lawsuits, with respect to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. These statutes may also subject us to the supervisory and examination authority of state regulators in certain cases, and we have experienced, are currently and will likely continue to be subject to and experience exams by state regulators. These examinations have and may continue to result in findings or recommendations that require us to modify our internal controls and/or business practices. If we are found to have engaged in activities that require a state license without having the requisite license, the licensing authority may impose fines, impose restrictions on our operations in the relevant state, or seek other remedies for activities conducted in the state. Risk Retention Regulations. Our balance sheet is impacted by the risk retention regulations adopted by the SEC that became effective for non-mortgage securitizations in 2016. These rules require issuers of asset-backed securities or persons who organize and initiate asset-backed securities transactions to retain a portion of the underlying assets credit risk. Marketing Regulations. Our marketing and other business practices are subject to federal and state regulation and our expansion into new product offerings, including ETFs and, beginning in January 2024, alternative investment funds, mutual funds and money market funds, under the SoFi Invest product, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny. For example, we and the FTC entered into the FTC Consent Order regarding savings calculations in our student loan refinancing advertisements. In addition, we are subject to the TCPA and other federal and state laws, which regulate, among other things: (i) the use of automated telephone dialing systems to make certain calls or text messages to cellphones without prior consent, and (ii) certain calls and text messages to numbers properly registered on the federal do not call list without permission or an established business relationship. We are also subject to the Federal CAN-SPAM Act and the Telemarketing Sales Rule, and analogous state laws, to the extent that we market credit or other products and services by use of email or telephone marketing. Bankruptcy Laws. We are subject to th