=== SOFI_2026-02-17.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC and include, among other things: our ability to maintain or enhance profitability in the future; the impact on our business of the current and evolving regulatory environment and complexities associated with compliance; the effect and impact of evolving laws, rules, regulations, executive actions and government enforcement policies, including any federal or state loan forgiveness programs, as well as changes in government resources and personnel; the impact of adverse developments affecting the U.S. or global banking industry, including bank failures and liquidity concerns, which could cause economic and market volatility, and regulatory responses thereto; our ability to manage our growth effectively and execute our strategy with respect to the development and expansion of our business, including through continuing to enhance our brand and attract additional members; our ability to continue to originate and sell loans to third parties, and the impact of the performance of loans held on our balance sheet; our ability to access sources of capital on favorable terms, if at all, including debt financing, deposits and other sources of capital to finance operations and growth; our ability to continue to grow our fee-based revenue, expand our Loan Platform Business and diversify our sources of income; the impact of and our ability to respond to general economic conditions and other macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, such as elevated and fluctuating interest rates, inflationary pressures, trade restrictions such as sanctions, tariffs, reciprocal and retaliatory tariffs, and other tariff-related measures, global trade relations, counterparty risk, changing customer demand and employment rates, capital markets volatility, instability in the financial services industry, uncertainty stemming from government actions and policies and regulatory priorities, the possibility of a recession, and domestic or international conflicts or disputes; the success of our marketing efforts and our ability to expand our member base; our ability to grow market share in existing markets or any new markets we may enter; our ability to develop new products and services, features and functionality that are competitive and meet market needs, and to successfully execute our strategy with respect to new products and features, such as our recent launch of SoFi Crypto; our ability to diversify our business and broaden our suite of financial services offerings; 3 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS our ability to realize the benefits of our strategy, including what we refer to as our Financial Services Productivity Loop, and achieve scale in our Financial Services segment; our ability to successfully operate as a bank holding company, and to operate SoFi Bank; our ability to make accurate credit and pricing decisions or effectively forecast our loss rates; our ability to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting; our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of prior acquisitions and any additional acquisitions we undertake; our ability to successfully expand our operations into foreign jurisdictions, including compliance with a variety of foreign laws; and the outcome of any legal or governmental proceedings that may be instituted against us. Forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and reflect current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. TRADEMARKS This document contains references to trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us or belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this document may appear without the or symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we or the applicable licensor will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our or its rights to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. SoFi Technologies does not intend its use or display of other companies trademarks, service marks or trade names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of it by, any other companies. All trademarks, service marks and trade names included in this document are the property of their respective owners. 4 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1. Business Company Overview We are a mission driven company designed to help our members achieve financial independence in order to realize their ambitions. To us, financial independence does not mean being wealthy, but rather represents the ability of our members to have the financial means to achieve their personal objectives at each stage of life, such as owning a home, having a family, or having a career of their choice more simply stated, to have enough money to do what they want. We were founded in 2011 and have developed a suite of financial products that offers the speed, selection, content and convenience that only an integrated digital platform can provide. In order for us to achieve our mission, we have to help people get their money right, which means providing them with the ability to borrow better, save better, spend better, invest better and protect better. Everything we do today is geared toward helping our members Get Your Money Right and we strive to innovate and build ways for our members to achieve this goal. In order to help achieve our mission, we are a member-centric, one-stop shop for financial services that, through our Lending and Financial Services products, allows members to borrow, save, spend, invest and protect their money. We refer to our customers as members and clients . We offer personal loans, student loans, home loans and related servicing and offer a variety of financial services products, such as SoFi Money, SoFi Credit Card, SoFi Crypto, SoFi Invest and SoFi Relay, that provide more daily interactions with our members, as well as products and capabilities, such as SoFi At Work, that are designed to appeal to enterprises. Lending related services that we offer through our Loan Platform Business help a broader range of borrowers to find lending solutions, through our relationships with members as well as third-party enterprise partners. Our Technology Platform supports innovation for a broad range of enterprises, with offerings that give clients the ability to create, launch and run financial products. In addition, SoFi Plus is our premium financial membership that provides benefits that span our offerings and brings together all we have to offer. We have built a personalized area within our digital native application, which we refer to as the member home experience. The member home experience is personalized and delivers content to a member about what they must do that day in their financial life, what they should consider doing that day in their financial life, and what they could do that day in their financial life. Through the member home experience, there are significant opportunities to build frequent engagement and, to date, the member home experience has been an important driver of new product adoption. The member home experience is an important part of our strategy and our ability to use data as a competitive advantage. To complement these products and services, we believe in establishing partnerships with other enterprises to leverage our existing capabilities to reach a broader market and in building vertically-integrated technology platforms designed to manage and deliver our suite of products and technology solutions to our members and clients in a low-cost and differentiated manner. Our three reportable segments and their primary product and service offerings as of December 31, 2025 were as follows: 5 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS _________________ (1) Loan Platform Business includes activity related to (i) certain loans which we originate on behalf of third-party partners, (ii) referred loans which are originated by a third-party partner to which we provide pre-qualified borrower referrals, (iii) certain loans associated with our Lantern financial services marketplace platform, and (iv) servicing rights assumed from third parties. Refer to Our Reportable Segments Financial Services Segment and Our Reportable Segments Lending Segment for more information. Members We have created an innovative financial services platform designed to offer best-in-class products to meet the broad objectives of our members and the lifecycle of their financial needs. Our platform offers our members (as defined under Part II, Item 7. Key Business Metrics ) a suite of financial products and services, enabling them to borrow, save, spend, invest and protect their finances across one integrated platform, as well as personal financial management tools and benefits to complement our products. Our aim is to create a best-in-class, integrated financial services platform that will generate a virtuous cycle whereby positive member experiences will lead to new product adoption by existing members and enhanced profitability for each additional product by lowering overall member acquisition costs and increasing the lifetime value of our members. We refer to this virtuous cycle as our Financial Services Productivity Loop , which is further discussed below. Enterprises In addition to benefiting our members, our products and capabilities are also designed to appeal to enterprises and have become interconnected with the SoFi platform, such as financial services institutions that subscribe to our enterprise services, third-party partners in our Loan Platform Business, and clients who utilize our technology platform services. While our enterprises are not considered members, they are important contributors to the growth of the SoFi platform, and also have their own constituents who might benefit from our products in the future. SoFi Bank SoFi Technologies is a bank holding company, and SoFi Bank is a nationally chartered association. As a bank holding company, we offer checking and savings accounts, credit cards and crypto trading through SoFi Bank. We are originating all new loans within SoFi Bank, and we intend to continue to explore other products for SoFi Bank over time, including stablecoin issuance and tokenized deposits. The key current and expected financial benefits to us of operating a national bank include: (i) lowering our cost to fund loans, as we can utilize deposits held at SoFi Bank to fund loans, which generally have a lower borrowing cost of funds than warehouse and securitization financing, (ii) increasing our flexibility to hold loans on our balance sheet for longer periods, thereby enabling us to earn interest on these loans for a longer period, (iii) supporting origination volume growth by providing an alternative financing option, while also maintaining our warehouse capacity, and (iv) through deposits, providing us with a channel to obtain meaningful member data that can allow us to better serve our members financial needs. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of certain potential risks related to being a bank holding company . International Operations While we primarily operate in the United States, we also operate internationally in Latin America, Canada and Switzerland, largely through our Technology Platform segment, as well as in Hong Kong through SoFi Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited (an investment business). Our Differentiation In order to build best-in-class offerings, we focus on four differentiators: fast, selection, content and convenience. (1) Fast We aspire to be the fastest place for our members to responsibly do anything, whether it s applying for a loan, getting a funded loan, opening an account, buying or selling a stock, uploading a mobile check, getting access to money, paying a friend, or accessing relevant financial content. Other than certain products acquired and offered through SoFi Bank, our products are all digital and we have a culture of iteration to help drive faster and faster services. (2) Selection Given the digital nature of our products, the permutations of features and services that can be made available to our members across their needs to borrow, save, spend, invest and protect are significant. We will continue to iterate, learn and innovate to broaden our selection in the same way we did this year by providing our members with competitive interest rates on checking and savings accounts, options trading, Pay in 4 (a buy now, pay later product), and SoFi Plus membership benefits. 6 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS (3) Content Our financial education, insights, research content, actionable tools and advice are designed to provide meaningful value for our members. Our carefully-crafted and personalized content is offered through our member home experience and is designed to help our members get their money right. We strive to provide digestible financial education, meaningful answers, salient information, advice, credit scores, financial calculators, investment research and financial news that enhance member loyalty and increase the likelihood that members will use additional SoFi products. (4) Convenience We hold ourselves accountable and aim to provide the most convenient member experience possible in terms of ease of use, ubiquity, functionality, simplicity and responsive customer service. Our long-term goal is to provide the most convenient 24x7 service and dispel the historical construct of financial service availability based on 9-5 Monday through Friday through various means, such as supporting our members by offering a conversational AI engine to enhance the overall member experience. Each product we offer is delivered in a member-centric way and is built and enhanced with these differentiators in mind. We believe that our member-centric, one-stop shop for financial services serves as a competitive differentiator for us relative to other financial services providers. We offer our members a full suite of financial products and services all in one common mobile application. To complement these products and services, we believe in building vertically-integrated technology platforms designed to manage and deliver the suite of solutions to our members in a low-cost and differentiated manner. The Financial Services Productivity Loop We believe that developing a comprehensive, long-term relationship with our members and gaining their trust is central to our success as a financial services platform. We have a digital-first financial services platform that we believe can support all of our members financial services needs throughout their lifetime. We believe this will lead to a competitive advantage over other financial institutions that provide a disjointed and non-seamless product experience, a lack of digital customer acquisition, subpar mobile web products instead of digital native apps and incomplete product offerings to meet a customer s holistic financial needs. A central part of our strategy is rooted in what we refer to as our Financial Services Productivity Loop , which is focused on building a durable relationship with our members, which we believe will help build a sustainable competitive advantage. In order to deliver on our strategy, we must develop a comprehensive set of best-in-class products that build trust and reliability with our members and our platform. Members often come to us for a specific need, then later consider using additional products from our offering. Doing more business with existing members results in increased revenue per member and lower acquisition cost, resulting in higher lifetime value per member. This also reinforces the benefits of our platform, which 7 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS simplifies the entire financial ecosystem for our members, helping them get their money right. We are able to use the increased revenue to further improve member benefits and product experience. In addition to realizing the benefits of more of our members adopting multiple SoFi products, the Financial Services Productivity Loop strategy delivers operating and technology efficiencies to deliver improved unit economics. Our Reportable Segments We conduct our business through three reportable segments: Lending, Technology Platform and Financial Services. Below is a discussion of our segments and their primary products and non-product offerings. Lending Segment We offer personal loans, student loans, home loans and related servicing to help our members with a variety of financial needs. We believe that our market opportunity within each of these lending channels is significant. Our lending process primarily leverages an in-application, digital borrowing experience, which we believe serves as a competitive advantage as digital lending becomes increasingly ubiquitous. Furthermore, our platform supports the full transaction lifecycle, including credit application, underwriting, approval, funding and servicing. Through data derived at loan origination and throughout the servicing process, SoFi has life-of-loan performance data on each loan in our ecosystem that we originate and on which we retain servicing, which provides a meaningful data asset. Net interest income, which we define as the difference between the earned interest income and interest expense to finance loans, is a key component of the profitability of our Lending segment, along with fee-based revenue, which includes loan origination fees. Personal Loans. We originate personal loans to help our members with a variety of financial needs, such as debt consolidation, home improvement projects, family planning, travel and weddings, to name a few. We offer fixed rate loans with flexible repayment terms. We generally offer loan sizes of $5,000 to $100,000, subject to legal and/or licensing requirements, with terms generally ranging from 2 to 7 years. We regularly update the annual percentage rates offered on our personal loans. Student Loans. We operate in the student loan refinance space, with a focus on prime and super-prime school loans, as well as the in-school lending space, which allows members to borrow funds while they attend school. We offer flexible loan sizes, repayment options and competitive rates. Within student loan refinancing, we generally offer loan sizes of $5,000 or higher, subject to legal and/or licensing requirements, with terms generally ranging from 5 to 20 years. Within in-school loans, we generally offer loan sizes of $1,000 or higher, subject to legal and/or licensing requirements, with terms generally ranging from 5 to 20 years. We regularly update the annual percentage rates offered on our fixed and variable-rate student loans. Home Loans . We originate agency, non-agency, and certain government loan products (including FHA and VA loans) to members who are purchasing a home, refinancing an existing mortgage, or obtaining a home equity loan. Across our home loan products, we provide competitive rates, flexible down payment options as low as 3% (or 0% for VA loans), a close-on-time guarantee, and educational tools and calculators to support members throughout the borrowing process. When a member s credit profile or other risk attributes do not align with our underwriting guidelines or risk appetite, we may broker home equity loans and home equity lines of credit to a third-party wholesale lender to help meet the member s financing needs. We originate loans in accordance with applicable loan limits and program requirements, including Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) conforming limits and FHA and VA program limits, with FHA and VA loan amounts capped at $1,500,000. We also offer jumbo loans with loan amounts up to $3,000,000 and fixed-rate home equity loans up to $750,000. Our fixed-rate home loans generally have terms of 10, 15, 20, 25 or 30 years. We also offer adjustable-rate mortgage products for conforming and jumbo loans, with an initial fixed-rate period of 5, 7 or 10 years, followed by rate adjustments every six months for the remaining term. For FHA and VA loans, we offer adjustable-rate products with a fixed rate for five years followed by rate adjustments every year for the remainder of the term. We regularly update the annual percentage rates offered on our home loans. Lending Model We originate loans through our lending business, and have the option of pursuing a gain-on-sale origination model, whereby we seek to recognize a gain from these loans and sell them into either our whole loan or securitization channels, or holding loans on our balance sheet when advantageous. This enables us to maximize our return and balance our risk by earning interest on these loans for a longer period and to be selective in our sales arrangements. We sell our whole loans primarily to large financial institutions. In securitization transactions that do not qualify for sale accounting, the related assets remain on our balance sheet and cash proceeds received are reported as liabilities, with related interest expense recognized over the life of the related borrowing. In securitization transactions that qualify for sale accounting, we typically have insignificant continuing 8 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS involvement as an investor. In the case of both whole loan sales and securitizations, and with the exception of certain of our home loans, we also continue to retain servicing rights to our originated loans following transfer. We also originate and sell loans in support of our Loan Platform Business, through which we provide lending related services to third-party partners. We maintain the same lending relationship with borrowers across all loans that we originate, inclusive of those originated on behalf of a third-party partner and as such, reflect these products within our Lending segment total products. This enables borrowers to gain access to all the benefits of becoming a SoFi member, and enhances our opportunities to sell additional products from across our platform to these members. See Financial Services Segment for more information. We directly service all of the personal loans that we originate through our lending business, as well as provide servicing in support of our Loan Platform Business on loans originated on behalf of third-party partners and servicing rights assumed from third parties. We act as master servicer for, and rely on sub-servicers to directly service, all of our student loans and GSE conforming home loans. We view servicing as an integral component of the Lending segment, as we believe our servicing function is an important asset because of the connection to the member it affords us throughout the life of the loan thereby enhancing the effectiveness of our Financial Services Productivity Loop by increasing member touchpoints and driving new product adoption by existing members. We rely upon deposits, warehouse financing and our own capital to enable us to continue to expand our origination capabilities. Our ability to utilize deposits held at SoFi Bank to fund our loans has lowered our overall cost of asset-backed financing relative to alternative sources of funding. We expect to benefit from the continued mix towards deposit funding through operating SoFi Bank. Underwriting Process We have developed an extensive underwriting process across each lending product that is focused on willingness to pay (measured by credit attributes and risk scores), ability to pay (measured through free cash flow), and stability (measured by credit experience). A key element of our underwriting process is the ability to facilitate risk-based interest rates that we believe are appropriate for each loan using proprietary risk models. We believe the outcome of this process helps us determine a more data-driven, risk-adjusted interest rate that we can offer our members. Further, our data and monitoring tools enable us to implement risk mitigation strategies quickly and efficiently, including underwriting standard adjustments to adapt our operations to changing environments and expectations. Our personal loan and student loan underwriting models are typically based on credit reports, standard industry credit scores, custom credit assessment models, and debt capacity analysis, as indicated by borrower free cash flow. Home loans originated by SoFi that are agency-conforming loans are subject to credit, debt-to-income, and collateral eligibility established by the GSEs. Government loans, such as VA and Federal Housing Administration loans, are subject to the underwriting requirements established by the appropriate government agency. In addition to these requirements, agency-conforming and government loans are subject to credit eligibility criteria established by SoFi as well as individual investor requirements. Other non-agency loans originated by us, such as jumbo loans and home equity loans, are subject to credit eligibility established by SoFi and/or investor credit criteria, which typically includes established credit history requirements, credit score requirements, income verification, as well as maximum limits on debt-to-income and caps on loan-to-value. We also leverage our data to provide existing members a streamlined application process through automation. Across our loan products, existing members generally experience a higher approval rate than new members, subject to the existing member being in good standing on their existing products. Technology Platform Segment We provide technology platform services through a diversified suite of offerings which include an event and authorization platform accessed via application programming interfaces, a cloud-native digital and core banking platform and services related to both platforms. Our customers and partners include financial institutions, government entities and non-financial institutions primarily in North America and Latin America. We earn technology product and solutions fee-based revenue through the use of the platforms, either as a stand ready obligation, or from overall license and maintenance fee service arrangements related to those respective platforms. We also offer additional add-on technology solutions to support our clients and drive engagement, such as a conversational AI engine for customers of banks and financial institutions, and a real-time payment risk platform which employs AI and machine learning technology to enhance payment fraud mitigation strategies for financial customers. We continue to leverage investments made to integrate our services and offerings to position the Technology Platform segment for diversified durable growth. 9 SoFi Technologies, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS Financial Services Segment We offer a suite of financial services solutions, the most significant of which are discussed below. Our financial services products (as defined under Part II, Item 7. Key Business Metrics ) by nature provide more daily interactions with our members and are differentiated from our lending products, which inherently provide less consistent touchpoints with our members. We also offer financial services solutions which are designed to appeal to enterprises, including our At Work product and lending related services offered through our Loan Platform Business. Certain products, such as our complementary SoFi Relay product, do not provide direct sources of revenue but foster additional touch points with our members. We believe that our suite of financial services offerings provide many ways for our members to actively engage in getting their money right as well as attractive enterprise solutions. This enables us to deliver positive experiences through various channels, building trust and durable relationships which can ultimately demonstrate the effectiveness of our Financial Services Productivity Loop virtuous cycle. SoFi Money Checking and savings accounts provide a digital banking experience which allows members to spend, save and earn interest and rewards in flexible ways. We believe SoFi Checking and Savings accounts held at SoFi Bank are attractive to our members and prospective members due to our differentiated offerings, including competitive interest rates, access to expanded FDIC insurance coverage of up to $3 million through our Insured Deposit Program and the convenience and benefits of being part of a cohesive, simplified financial ecosystem within our mobile platform. Our legacy cash management product utilizes a sweep administrator to sweep funds to and from program banks (inclusive of SoFi Bank), as necessary, under a program broker agreement between SoFi Securities and the sweep administrator, as well as program account and program bank agreements. Following the Bank Merger, we began to allow members to convert their cash management a