=== MDT_2026-06-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our securities involves a variety of risks and uncertainties, known and unknown, including, among others, those discussed below. Each of the following risks should be carefully considered, together with all the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and in our other filings with the SEC. Furthermore, additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flow and prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks or uncertainties. Business and Operational Risks We operate in a highly competitive industry and we may be unable to compete effectively. We compete in both the therapeutic and diagnostic medical markets in more than 150 countries throughout the world. These markets are characterized by rapid change resulting from technological advances, innovations and scientific discoveries. Our product lines face a mix of competitors ranging from large companies with multiple business lines to small, specialized manufacturers that offer a limited selection of niche products. Development by other companies of new or improved products, processes, technologies, or the introduction of reprocessed products or competitive devices when our proprietary products lose their patent protection may make our existing or planned products less competitive. We also face competition from providers of alternative medical therapies, such as pharmaceutical companies, including those producing GLP-1s. 13 Table of Conten ts In addition to competition from individual products or companies, rapid technological change may drive shifts in standards of care, physician preferences, purchasing decisions, or site of service dynamics more quickly than anticipated, including the growth of ASCs. New or alternative technologies, therapies, or treatment modalities may disrupt existing procedures or reduce demand for device‑based therapies, including in markets where we currently have leading positions. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our ability to anticipate, respond to, and successfully navigate these market transitions while continuing to support and grow our existing product lines. We believe our ability to compete depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including: • product performance and reliability, • product technology and innovation, • product quality and safety, • breadth of product lines, • product support services, • supplier and supply availability and performance, • customer support, • cost-effectiveness and price, • reimbursement approval from healthcare insurance providers, and • changes to the regulatory environment. Competition may increase as additional companies enter our markets or modify their existing products to compete more directly with ours. In addition, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations may conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for discovery, research, clinical development and marketing of products similar to ours. These companies and institutions compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, as well as in acquiring necessary product technologies. From time to time, we have lost, and may in the future lose, market share in connection with product problems, physician advisories, safety alerts, publications about our products, or the introduction of competing technologies perceived to offer improved clinical, workflow, or economic outcomes, which highlights the importance of product quality, product efficacy and quality systems to our business. In the current environment of managed care, consolidation among healthcare providers, increased competition, site of service shifts, government efforts to control healthcare costs, and competitively priced product offerings are essential to our success. Government‑driven pricing and procurement mechanisms, including national and provincial tender pricing programs such as volume‑based procurement initiatives in China, may require significant price concessions and constrain our ability to compete on factors other than price. In addition, in some markets, pricing control mechanisms may also include retrospective payment adjustments or clawback arrangements, which could require us to refund previously received amounts or reduce future payments. These factors could adversely affect revenue, margins, and competitive positioning in impacted markets. Our success depends on our ability to differentiate our products and successfully execute and scale emerging technologies. Our continued growth and success depend on our ability to develop, acquire and market new and differentiated products, technologies and intellectual property, and as a result we also face competition for marketing, distribution, and collaborative development agreements, establishing relationships with academic and research institutions and licenses to intellectual property. Our ability to compete effectively also depends on our ability to successfully execute the development, regulatory approval process, manufacturing scale‑up, and market adoption of multiple differentiated products and technology platforms concurrently across different therapeutic, diagnostic, and geographic markets. The scope, complexity, and timing of executing these initiatives increase the risk of delays, cost overruns, supply chain readiness challenges, resource constraints, or inconsistencies in execution. If we are unable to execute effectively across these initiatives, or if one or more major product launches underperforms expectations, our growth, competitive position, and financial results could be materially adversely affected. We must continue to create, invest in or acquire advanced technology, incorporate this technology into our proprietary products, obtain regulatory approvals in a timely manner, and successfully manufacture and market our products, including at a scale and pace required to support sustained growth across our business. For example, data science, machine learning and AI are all impacting our products and operations and the competitive landscape in which we operate, and the application of these technologies is rapidly evolving at the same time as new laws and regulations governing AI are being developed in jurisdictions around the world. Compliance with developing regulations may require significant expenditures or may limit our ability to effectively use these technologies. There can be no assurance that the application of AI in our products and operations will be successful, or that we will not experience data security and privacy incidents in connection with our use of these technologies. If we are unable to effectively integrate, scale, or apply AI and digital technologies across our products and operations at a pace comparable to competitors or new market entrants, we could experience reduced competitiveness, slower growth, or loss of market share. Given these factors, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to compete 14 Table of Conten ts effectively or continue our level of success, and failures in execution, delays in adoption, or the inability to integrate new technologies effectively could have an outsized impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Reduction or interruption in supply or other manufacturing difficulties may adversely affect our manufacturing operations and related product sales. The manufacture of our products requires the timely delivery of a sufficient amount of quality components and materials and is highly exacting and complex, due in part to complex trade and strict regulatory requirements. We manufacture the majority of our products and procure critical third-party services, such as sterilization services, at numerous facilities worldwide. We purchase many of the components, raw materials and services needed to manufacture these products from numerous suppliers in various countries. We seek to maintain continuity of supply by use of multiple options for sourcing where possible. We have generally been able to obtain adequate supplies of such raw materials, components and services, although global shortages of certain components such as semiconductors and resins have previously caused, and may in the future cause, disruptions to our product manufacturing supply chain. In addition, for reasons of quality assurance, cost effectiveness, or availability, certain components, raw materials and services needed to manufacture our products are obtained from sole suppliers. Although we work closely with our suppliers to try to ensure continuity of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability, the supply of these components, raw materials and services may, at times, be interrupted or insufficient. In addition, due to the stringent regulations and requirements of trade and regulatory agencies, including the U.S. FDA, regarding the manufacture of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources. Additionally, many regulatory agencies are imposing new and evolving regulatory requirements related to the safe use of chemicals, including ethylene oxides (EtOs) and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), and their potential impact on health and the environment, which also may impact supply constraints. Furthermore, the prices of commodities and other materials used in our products, which are often volatile and outside of our control, and may be subject to tariffs, could adversely impact our supply. We use resins, other petroleum-based materials and pulp as raw materials in some of our products, and the prices of oil and gas also significantly affect our costs for freight and utilities. A reduction or interruption in supply, and an inability to develop alternative sources for such supply, could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products in a timely or cost-effective manner and could result in lost sales. Other disruptions in the manufacturing process or product sales, trade and fulfillment systems for any reason, including infrastructure, information and equipment malfunction, including due to cyber attacks, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, supplier or Company facility shut-downs, defective raw materials, labor shortages, natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, or wildfires, property damage or facility closures from riots or public protests, and other environmental factors and the impact of epidemics, pandemics, or other public health crises, and actions by businesses, communities and governments in response, could lead to launch delays, product shortages, unanticipated costs, lost revenues and damage to our reputation. Furthermore, any failure to identify and address manufacturing problems prior to the release of products to our customers could result in quality or safety issues. In addition, many of our products require sterilization before sale and several of our key products are manufactured or sterilized at a particular facility, with constrained capacity and limited options for alternate sterilization facilities. If an event occurs that causes damage to or closure of one or more of such facilities, we may be unable to manufacture or sterilize relevant products to the required quality specifications or at all. Due to the time required to approve and license a manufacturing or sterilization facility, a third-party may not be available on a timely basis to replace production capacity in the event manufacturing or sterilization capacity is reduced or lost. Our research and development efforts rely upon investments and investment collaborations, and we cannot guarantee that any previous or future investments or investment collaborations will be successful. Our Mission is to provide a broad range of therapies to restore patients to fuller, healthier lives, which requires a wide variety of technologies, products and capabilities. The rapid pace of technological development in the medical industry and the specialized expertise required in different areas of medicine make it difficult for one company alone to develop a broad portfolio of technological solutions. In addition to internally generated growth through our research and development efforts, historically we have relied, and expect to continue to rely, upon investments and investment collaborations to provide us access to new technologies both in areas served by our existing businesses as well as in new areas. We expect to make future investments where we believe that we can stimulate the development or acquisition of new technologies and products to further our strategic objectives and strengthen our existing businesses. Investments and investment collaborations in and with medical technology companies and third-party funding sources are inherently risky, and we cannot guarantee that any of our previous or future investments or investment collaborations will be successful or will not materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Failure to identify, execute, and integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully, or challenges related to the Company's strategic initiatives, including divestitures and third-party funding arrangements, as well as liabilities or claims relating to such acquired businesses, divestitures, or arrangements could adversely affect our business. As part of our strategy to develop and identify new products and technologies and optimize our portfolio of products, we have made several significant acquisitions, divestitures and third-party research and development funding arrangements in recent years, and may make additional acquisitions, divestitures and funding arrangements in the future. Our integration of the operations of acquired businesses, or a 15 Table of Conten ts divestiture of part of our existing businesses, including the ongoing separation of our Diabetes Business from the Company, requires significant efforts, including the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, manufacturing, and finance. These efforts result in additional expenses and involve significant amounts of management’s time that cannot then be dedicated to other projects. In addition, the cumulative effect of simultaneously executing multiple transactions may increase operational complexity, strain management and organizational resources, and heighten execution and timing risks. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions depends not only on the successful integration of acquired businesses, but also on our ability to identify appropriate acquisition targets, evaluate their strategic fit and long‑term value, accurately assess risks and liabilities, and negotiate and complete transactions on acceptable terms. Acquired businesses may have liabilities, or be subject to claims, litigation or investigations, including matters related to historical operations or corporate separations, that we did not anticipate or which exceed our estimates at the time of the acquisition. In addition, we cannot be certain that the businesses we acquire will become profitable or remain so. Factors that will affect the success of our acquisitions include: • the presence or absence of adequate internal controls and/or significant fraud in the financial systems of acquired companies, • our ability or inability to integrate information technology systems of acquired companies in a secure and reliable manner, • liabilities, claims, litigation, investigations, or other adverse developments relating to acquired businesses or the business practices of acquired companies, including investigations by governmental entities, potential Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) or product liability claims, intellectual property disputes, earnout or other contingent payment disputes, or other unanticipated liabilities, • any decrease in customer loyalty and product orders caused by dissatisfaction with the combined companies’ product lines and sales and marketing practices, including price increases, • our ability to retain key employees, • the ability to obtain approval or clearance for the products of any businesses we acquire, or to effectively integrate the products or technologies of those businesses into existing or planned product lines, including due to tariffs or other regulatory hurdles, and • the ability to achieve synergies among acquired companies, such as increasing sales of the integrated company’s products, achieving cost savings, and effectively combining technologies to develop new products. We also could experience negative effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows from acquisition-related charges, amortization of intangible assets and asset impairment charges. These effects, combined with transaction costs, separation‑related expenses, and potential delays in realizing anticipated synergies or strategic benefits, may place pressure on earnings or cash flows and limit our ability to allocate capital as planned. In addition, the potential exists that expected strategic benefits from any planned or completed divestiture, including the ongoing separation of our Diabetes Business from the Company, or third-party funding arrangement, by the Company may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected, and there can be no assurance that disputes will not arise under the Company's third-party funding arrangements, or transition service, or other agreements that have or may be executed as part of a divestiture. Challenges associated with executing these transactions may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We have debt obligations that create risk. We are required to use a portion of our operating cash flow to pay interest or principal on our outstanding indebtedness instead of for other corporate purposes, including funding future expansion of our business. We may also incur additional indebtedness in the future to supplement our existing liquidity and cash generated from operations to satisfy our needs for working capital and capital expenditures, to pursue growth initiatives, and to make returns of capital to shareholders. Changes in business and economic conditions will impact interest rates and can cause periods of tightened credit availability and volatility in borrowing terms. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit rating. At the time we may incur such additional indebtedness, or refinance or restructure existing indebtedness, we may be unable to obtain capital market financing with similar terms, interest rates, or currency denomination to our existing indebtedness, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. At any time, the fair value of our debt outstanding will fluctuate based on several factors including foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate movements, credit conditions and our credit rating. Public health crises have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on certain aspects of our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The nature and extent of future impacts are highly uncertain and unpredictable. Our global operations and interactions with healthcare systems, providers and patients around the world expose us to risks associated with public health crises, including epidemics and pandemics. Public health crises may continue to have an adverse impact on certain aspects of 16 Table of Conten ts our Company and business, including the demand for and supply of certain of our products, operations, supply chains and distribution systems, and our ability to generate cash flow. Legal and Regulatory Risks We are subject to extensive and complex laws and governmental regulations and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. Our medical devices and technologies, as well as our business activities, are subject to a complex set of regulations and rigorous enforcement, including by the U.S. FDA, U.S. Department of Justice, Health and Human Services Office of the Inspector General, and numerous other federal, state, and non-U.S. governmental authorities in the countries where we operate. To varying degrees, each of these agencies requires us to comply with laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution of our products, including with respect to product safety and quality, marketing and promotional practices, reimbursement and healthcare fraud and abuse, data privacy, and competition and antitrust compliance. Alleged or actual violations of such laws in any jurisdiction could result in investigations, litigation, fines, damages, injunctions, or required changes to our business practices. As a part of the regulatory process of obtaining marketing clearance for new products and new indications for existing products, we conduct and participate in numerous clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations, and trial endpoints. Unfavorable clinical data from existing or future clinical trials, or delays by regulators in approving or authorizing reimbursement for new products, may adversely impact (a) our ability to obtain product approvals, (b) our position in, and share of, the markets in which we participate, and (c) our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain marketing clearance for our new products or enhancements or modifications to existing products, and the failure to maintain approvals or obtain approval or clearance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Even if we are able to obtain approval or clearance, it may: • take a significant amount of time, • require the expenditure of substantial resources, • involve stringent clinical and pre-clinical testing, as well as increased post-market surveillance, • involve modifications, repairs or replacements of our products, and • limit the proposed uses of our products. Both before and after a product is commercially released, we have ongoing responsibilities under the U.S. FDA and other applicable non-U.S. government agency regulations. For instance, many of our facilities and procedures, and those of our suppliers, contract manufacturers, and other third-party vendors, are subject to periodic inspections by the U.S. FDA to assess compliance with applicable regulations. The results of these inspections can include, and have in the past included, observations on the U.S. FDA’s Form 483, warning letters, or other forms of enforcement, such as a consent decree, issued to us or to third parties on which we rely for the development, manufacture, sterilization, or supply of our products or materials. Regulatory enforcement actions directed at such third parties may limit or disrupt our ability to manufacture, distribute, or sell affected products, even if Medtronic is not the direct subject of the enforcement action. Additionally, if the U.S. FDA were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that any of our medical products are ineffective or pose an unreasonable health risk, the U.S. FDA could detain or seize what it believes to be adulterated or misbranded medical products, order a recall, repair, replacement, or refund of such products, refuse to grant pending pre-market approval applications or require certificates of non-U.S. governments for exports, and/or require us to notify health professionals and others that the devices present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health, and in certain rare circumstances, ban medical devices. In addition, the U.S. FDA has taken the position that device manufacturers are prohibited from promoting their products other than for the uses and indications set forth in the approved product labeling, and any failure to comply could subject us to significant civil or criminal exposure, administrative obligations and costs, and/or other potential penalties from, and/or agreements with, the federal government. The U.S. FDA and other non-U.S. government agencies may also assess civil or criminal penalties against us, our officers or employees and impose operating restrictions on a company-wide basis. The U.S. FDA may also recommend prosecution to the U.S. Department of Justice. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively marketing and selling our products and limit our ability to obtain future pre-market clearances or approvals, and could result in a substantial modification to our business practices and operations. Furthermore, we occasionally receive subpoenas or other requests for information from various governmental agencies around the world, and while these investigations typically relate primarily to financial arrangements with healthcare providers, regulatory compliance and product promotional practices, we cannot predict the timing, outcome or impact of any such investigations. Any adverse outcome in one or more of these investigations could include the commencement of civil and/or criminal proceedings, substantial fines, penalties, and/or administrative remedies, including exclusion from government reimbursement programs and/or entry into Corporate Integrity Agreements (CIAs) with governmental agencies. In addition, resolution of any of these matters could involve the imposition of additional, costly compliance obligations. These potential consequences, as well as any adverse outcome from government investigations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 17 Table of Conten ts Governmental regulations in the U.S. and outside the U.S. are constantly changing and may become increasingly stringent. In the E.U., for example, the Medical Device Regulation (EU MDR) includes significant additional pre-market and post-market requirements. Penalties for regulatory non-compliance could be severe, including fines and revocation or suspension of a company’s business license, mandatory price reductions and criminal sanctions. Implementation of the EU MDR was extended to the end of 2027 for high-risk devices and to the end of 2028 for medium- and low-risk devices. The development and implementation of future laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on us. Quality problems have in the past and could in the future lead to recalls or safety alerts, product liability claims, reputational harm, adverse verdicts or costly settlements, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Quality is extremely important to us and our customers due to the impact on patients, and the serious and potentially costly consequences of adverse product performance. Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks that are inherent in the design, manufacture, and marketing of medical devices. In addition, many of our products are often used in intensive care settings with seriously ill patients, and some of the medical devices we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time or indefinitely. Component failures, manufacturing nonconformances, design issues, off-label use, or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information with respect to our products, could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a patient. These problems have in the past and could in the future lead to recall of, or issuance of a safety alert relating to, our products, as well as product liability claims and lawsuits, including class actions, which could ultimately result, in certain cases, in the removal from the body of such products and claims regarding costs associated therewith. Due to the strong name recognition of the Medtronic brand, a material adverse event involving one of our products could result in diminished market acceptance and demand for all products within that brand and could harm our reputation and ability to market products in the future. Strong product quality is critical to the success of our goods and services. If we fall short of these standards and our products are the subject of recalls or safety alerts, our reputation could be damaged, we could lose customers, and our revenue and results of operations could decline. Our success also can depend on our ability to manufacture to exact specification precision-engineered components, subassemblies and finished devices from multiple materials. If our components fail to meet these standards or fail to adapt to evolving standards, our reputation, competitive advantage and market share could be harmed. In certain situations, we may undertake a voluntary recall of products or temporarily shut down production lines based on performance relative to our own internal safety and quality monitoring and testing data. Any of the foregoing problems, including future product liability claims or lawsuits, brought either individually or in the aggregate, or recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, 

=== MDT_2026-02-24.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as those related to: • competition in the medical device industry, • delays in regulatory approvals, • reduction or interruption in our supply, • failure to complete or achieve the intended benefits of acquisitions or divestitures, • adverse regulatory action, • laws and governmental regulations, • litigation results, • quality problems, • healthcare policy changes, 57 • public health crises, • cybersecurity and privacy incidents, • international operations, including the impact of armed conflicts, • self-insurance, • commercial insurance, • changes in applicable tax rates, • positions taken by taxing authorities, • decreasing selling prices and pricing pressure, • liquidity shortfalls, • fluctuations in currency exchange rates, • inflation, or • disruption of our current plans and operations. Consequently, no forward-looking statement may be guaranteed, and actual results may vary materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. We intend to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding our forward-looking statements and are including this sentence for the express purpose of enabling us to use the protections of the safe harbor with respect to all forward-looking statements. While we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, whether as a result of any new information, future events, or otherwise, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK Due to the global nature of our operations, we are exposed to currency exchange rate changes, which may cause fluctuations in earnings and cash flows. Fluctuations in the currency exchange rates of currency exposures that are unhedged, such as in certain emerging markets, may result in future earnings and cash flow volatility. The gross notional amount of all currency exchange rate derivative instruments outstanding at January 23, 2026 and April 25, 2025 was $19.9 billion and $23.6 billion, respectively. At January 23, 2026, these contracts were in a net unrealized gain position of $142 million. Additional information regarding our currency exchange rate derivative instruments is included in Note 8 in the current period's consolidated financial statements. A sensitivity analysis of changes in the fair value of all currency exchange rate derivative contracts at January 23, 2026 and April 25, 2025 indicates that, if the U.S. dollar uniformly strengthened/weakened by 10 percent against all currencies, the fair value of these contracts would increase/decrease by approximately $1.7 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively. Any gains and losses on the fair value of derivative contracts would generally be offset by gains and losses on the underlying transactions. These offsetting gains and losses are not reflected in the above analysis. INTEREST RATE RISK We are subject to interest rate risk on our short-term investments and our borrowings. We manage interest rate risk in the aggregate, while focusing on our immediate and intermediate liquidity needs. Our debt portfolio at January 23, 2026 was comprised of debt predominantly denominated in U.S. dollars and Euros, which is primarily fixed rate debt. We are also exposed to interest rate changes affecting our investments in interest rate sensitive instruments, which include our marketable debt securities. A sensitivity analysis of the impact on our interest rate-sensitive financial instruments of a hypothetical 50 basis point change in interest rates, as compared to interest rates at January 23, 2026 and April 25, 2025, indicates that the fair value of these instruments would correspondingly change by $89 million and $74 million, respectively. For a discussion of current market conditions and the impact on our financial condition and results of operations, please see the “Liquidity” section of the current period's Management's Discussion and Analysis. For additional discussion of market risk, refer to Notes 6 and 8 in the consolidated financial statements. 58 Item 4. Controls and Procedures EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) and changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) are effective. CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. PART II — OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings In accordance with Item 103 of Regulation S-K, we have adopted a $1 million disclosure threshold for proceedings under environmental laws to which a governmental authority is a party, as we believe matters under this threshold are not material to the Company. A discussion of the Company’s legal proceedings and other loss contingencies are described in Note 16 in the current period's consolidated financial statements. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities The following table provides information about the shares repurchased by the Company during the third quarter of fiscal year 2026: Fiscal Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as a Part of Publicly Announced Program Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Program 10/25/2025-11/21/2025 917,675 $ 92.63 917,675 $ 1,613,829,407 11/22/2025-12/26/2025 — — — 1,613,829,407 12/27/2025-1/23/2026 — — — 1,613,829,407 Total 917,675 $ 92.63 917,675 $ 1,613,829,407 In March 2024, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of $5.0 billion of the Company's ordinary shares. There is no specific time period associated with these repurchase authorizations. Item 5. Other Information Rule 10b5-1 Director and Officer Trading Arrangements During the quarter ended January 23, 2026, none of our directors or officers adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 59 Item 6. Exhibits (a) Exhibits 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 60 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the unde