=== [ER] FY_2025_Announcement.pdf ===
12 February 2026 – Press Release/Preliminary Results British American Tobacco p.l.c. Preliminary results for the year ended 31 December 2025 Momentum Drives Further Confidence in 2026 Delivery Summary – Added 4.7 million consumers (to 34.1 million) of our Smokeless brands – Smokeless products now 18.2% of Group revenue, up 70 bps vs FY24 – Reported revenue down 1.0% (due to currency headwinds), up 2.1% at constant FX, driven by combustibles and Velo Plus in the U.S. and continued multi-category growth in AME, partly offset by APMEA – New Categories revenue growth accelerated to double-digits in H2, with FY growth of 7.0%2 – New Categories contribution2 increased by 77.1% to £442 million, driven by our Quality Growth approach – Improved combustibles revenue and category contribution2,3 driven by the U.S. and AME – Reported profit from operations up 265% (with reported operating margin up 28.4 ppts to 39.0%), largely due to the movement in the Canadian settlement provision – Adjusted profit from operations1,2,3 up 2.3%, adjusted operating margin1,2,3 at 44.0% (flat vs FY24) – Reported diluted EPS up 157% to 349.1p, with adjusted diluted EPS1, 2,3 up 3.4% – Confident in sustainably delivering mid-term growth algorithm, 2026 performance expected at the lower end of the range – On track to reduce leverage3 to within 2.0-2.5x by end 2026, supported by continued strong cash conversion – Dividend growth of 2.0% to 245.04p and a £1.3 billion share buy-back in 2026 Tadeu Marroco, Chief Executive “I am pleased with our accelerating momentum through 2025, enabling full-year delivery at the top end of our guidance. This reinforces our confidence in sustainably delivering our mid-term algorithm from 2026. Our U.S. business has delivered strong growth, mainly driven by sustained momentum in combustibles, resulting from our commercial actions and enhanced execution. Velo Plus has delivered excellent results with triple-digit revenue growth, with Velo reaching the number 2 position in volume and value share and achieving category contribution profitability within one year of launch. The recent improvement in Vuse performance is encouraging, although the Vapour category continues to be impacted by illicit proliferation. Over time, we believe Vuse is well positioned to benefit from stronger enforcement at the Federal and State level. In AME, our multi-category portfolio continued to perform strongly, while our performance in APMEA was impacted by fiscal and regulatory challe

=== [ER] FY_2024_Announcement.pdf ===
13 February 2025 – Press Release/Preliminary Results British American Tobacco p.l.c. Preliminary results for the year ended 31 December 2024 Building a Smokeless World Tadeu Marroco, Chief Executive “We are committed to Building a Smokeless World and becoming a predominantly Smokeless business by 2035. I am confident that we have the right strategy, science, innovation, breadth of capabilities and people to achieve this ambition and deliver long-term sustainable value for all our stakeholders. 2024 was an investment year with delivery in line with our guidance. We continued our transformation this year, adding 3.6 million adult consumers (to a total of 29.1 million) of our Smokeless products, which now account for 17.5% of Group revenue, an increase of 1.0 ppts vs FY23. Our performance has accelerated in the second half, driven by the phasing of New Categories innovation and the benefits of investment in U.S. commercial actions, together with the unwind of related wholesaler inventory movements. Our focus on Quality Growth delivered better returns on more targeted investments across all three New Categories, and our prioritisation and focus is already transforming our business performance in Europe. We made further progress on increasing profitability across New Categories, and I am particularly pleased with our performance in Modern Oral. In the U.S., our targeted investments have strengthened the business, despite a challenging macro-economic backdrop and a growing presence of illicit single-use vapour products. Through our commercial actions, we started to improve our performance with sharper execution and we are opening up untapped growth opportunities, particularly related to Modern Oral. We have achieved another strong performance in AME and APMEA, with their combined results delivering in line with our mid-term algorithm. We are making good progress and while there is still more to do, I am certain that the investment actions taken in 2024 are the right way forward for BAT. Our foundations are strong and we will continue to reward shareholders through our strong cash returns, including our progressive dividend and sustainable share buy-back. In 2025, while we expect significant regulatory and fiscal headwinds in Bangladesh and Australia to impact our combustibles performance, I am confident that we will progressively build on our delivery as we shift from investment to deployment and we remain committed to returning to our mid-term guidance of 3-5% 

=== [ER] FY_2023_Announcement-2.pdf ===
8 February 2024 – Press Release/Preliminary Results British American Tobacco p.l.c. Preliminary results for the year ended 31 December 2023 Building a Smokeless World Summary – Revenue down 1.3%, up 3.1% on an organic basis (at constant rates), driven by New Categories organic revenue up 21.0% (at constant rates) and resilient pricing – Strong volume led New Category revenue growth - driven by Vuse and Velo, with revenue from Non-Combustibles now 16.5% of Group revenue, up 170 bps vs FY22 – New Categories achieved profitability in 2023 (at a category contribution level), two years ahead of original target and contributing a £398 million increase to Group profit, at constant rates of exchange – Global settlement with Philip Morris International Inc. (PMI) that resolves all ongoing patent infringement litigation between the parties related to our Heated Products (HP) and Vapour products – Total Combustibles organic revenue up 0.6% (at constant rates), with organic price/mix of +6.1% offset by lower volume and geographic mix mainly due to macro-economic pressures in the U.S. impacting the premium segment – Strong performances from AME and APMEA, demonstrating the benefit our global footprint and multi-category strategy – Reported loss from operations of £15,751m (with reported operating margin down 95.8 ppts to -57.7%) - impacted by a £27.6 billion non-cash impairment charge mainly related to our U.S. business (£27.3 billion) – Adjusted organic profit from operations up 3.9% at constant rates, adjusted organic operating margin up 40 bps to 45.6% – Reported diluted EPS at -646.6p; adjusted organic diluted EPS up 5.2% at constant rates – Operating cash flow conversion 100% - organic adjusted net debt / adjusted EBITDA down to 2.6x – Dividend growth of 2.0% to 235.52p, in line with our progressive dividend increase approach – Continued ESG progress - 2023 MSCI rating upgraded to A (2022: BBB), achieved targets for water withdrawn and waste generated two years early Tadeu Marroco, Chief Executive “2023 was another year of resilient financial performance and delivery in line with our guidance, underpinned by our global footprint and multi-category strategy, despite a challenging macro-environment. New Categories delivered continued volume-led revenue growth and increased profitability, driven by Vuse and Velo. As a result, our New Categories portfolio has turned profitable two years ahead of our original target. In combustibles, our commercial plans in the U.S. ar

=== [ER] HY_2023_Announcement.pdf ===
26 July 2023 – Press Release/Interim Results British American Tobacco p.l.c. Half-Year Report for the six months to 30 June 2023 Resilient performance, renewed energy, full-year guidance on track Half-Year summary – Revenue up 4.4% (being +2.6% at constant FX), driven by New Categories (revenue up 26.6%, at constant FX) - good progress towards our £5 billion New Category target by 2025 – Revenue from Non-Combustibles now 16.6% of Group revenue, up 180 bps vs FY22 – Continued strong revenue performance of Vuse and Velo - commercial plans activated for glo, launch of glo Hyper X2 Air a first step in an enhanced innovation pipeline – New Categories financial delivery significantly improved - contributing £201 million increase to Group profit as losses reduce, on track to achieve our New Category profitability target in 2024 – Combustible pricing remains strong - good revenue performances in AME and APMEA offset the U.S., demonstrating the benefit of our global footprint – Sequential performance improvement in our U.S. premium combustibles volume share in 2023 - with sharper portfolio management driving early signs of stabilisation – Reported profit from operations up 61.4% (with reported operating margin up 1,560 bps to 44.2%) - as prior period impacted by charges related to Russia/Belarus, the U.S. DOJ/OFAC provision and Quantum – Adjusted profit up 3.6% at constant FX, adjusted operating margin up 40 bps to 44.3% – Reported diluted EPS up 118% to 176.0p; adjusted diluted EPS up 5.3% at constant FX – Restructured Management Board - driving sharper execution, greater collaboration and agility 1 – Further strengthened sustainability delivery, building on Double Materiality Assessment , including increased collaboration across our value chain to drive progress towards our sustainability targets, including Scope 3 emissions and biodiversity Tadeu Marroco, Chief Executive “Having been in my new role for 10 weeks, I’m pleased with the resilient performance of BAT in the first half of 2023 and the renewed sense of energy across the organisation. It is a challenging external environment. High inflation and slower global growth are impacting consumers and business. Yet our revenue, profit from operations and earnings are all up. We are making great progress in New Categories. Revenues are up by 29% and we are now close to breakeven, with consumers of NonCombustible products up by 1.5 million versus FY 2022 . While it’s encouraging to see continued good performance in

=== [ER] FY_2022_Announcement.pdf ===
9 February 2023 – PRESS RELEASE / PRELIMINARY RESULTS BRITISH AMERICAN TOBACCO p.l.c. YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022 New Category Acceleration Drives Profitability Forward To 2024 Jack Bowles, Chief Executive: "We continue to accelerate our A Better TomorrowTM transformation at speed. “Driven by our strong New Category momentum, (with revenue approaching £3bn), we are confident in our £5bn revenue target by 2025, and now expect New Category profitability in 2024, one year ahead of plan. "Our New Category business delivered strong volume, revenue and market share growth and has become a significant contributor to the Group's financial delivery. In 2022, we invested more than £2bn in New Categories to drive long-term sustainable growth, while making excellent progress in reducing operating losses by 62%. "While reported results were impacted by a number of one-off charges, we achieved a 150 bps improvement in adjusted operating margin at current rates and another year of 100% operating cash conversion demonstrating our ability to successfully navigate an increasingly challenging macro-economic environment. This enabled us to return £6.9bn to shareholders in 2022. I am proud of our people and their focus on delivery of our three strategic priorities, demonstrating once again the strength and resilience of our business. "Looking forward, while we expect the macro-economic environment to remain challenging, we will continue to deliver and further accelerate our transformation. We will leverage our well-established multi-category brand portfolio, our new regional structure to enable even greater collaboration and accelerated decision-making and our new market archetype model to guide our strategic choices and resource allocation to further enhance returns. "I am confident in BAT's ability to deliver long-term sustainable value for shareholders." PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS REPORTED Current rates Cigarette and THP volume share Cigarette and THP value share Non-Combustibles consumers1 Revenue (£m) Revenue from New Categories (£m) Profit from operations (£m) Category contribution - New Categories (£m)^ Operating margin (%) Diluted EPS (pence) Net cash generated from operating activities (£m) Adjusted cash generated from operations (£m) Cash conversion (%) Borrowings2 (£m) Adjusted Net Debt (£m) Dividend per share (pence) ADJUSTED Vs 2021 (current) 22.5m £27,655m £2,894m £10,523m -10 bps flat +4.2m +7.7% +40.9% +2.8% 38.1% 291.9p £10,394m -170 bps -1.3% +7.0% 98.8% £43,139m

=== [ES] FY_2024_Presentation_Slides.pdf ===
Building a Smokeless World Preliminary Results 2024 Tadeu Marroco – Chief Executive | Soraya Benchikh – Chief Financial Officer Important Information The information contained in this presentation in relation to British American Tobacco p.l.c. (“BAT”) and its subsidiaries has been prepared solely for use at this presentation. The presentation is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity that is a citizen or resident or located in any jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would require any registration or licensing within such jurisdiction. References in this presentation to ‘British American Tobacco’, ‘BAT’, ‘Group’, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ when denoting opinion refer to British American Tobacco p.l.c. and when denoting business activity refer to British American Tobacco Group operating companies, collectively or individually as the case may be. The information contained in this presentation does not purport to be comprehensive and has not been independently verified. Certain industry and market data contained in this presentation has come from third party sources. Third party publications, studies and surveys generally state that the data contained therein have been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that there is no guarantee of accuracy or completeness of such data. References in this document to information on websites, including the web address of BAT, have been included as inactive textual references only. These websites and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated into or to form part of this presentation. Forward-looking Statements This presentation does not constitute an invitation to underwrite, subscribe for, or otherwise acquire or dispose of any BAT shares or other securities. This presentation contains certain forward-looking statements, including “forward-looking” statements made within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as "believe," "anticipate," "could," "may," "would," "should," "intend," 