=== LEN_2026-01-28.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. The following risks, which should be considered carefully with the information provided elsewhere in this Report, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Market and Economic Risks Demand for homes we build may be adversely affected by a variety of macroeconomic factors beyond our control. Demand for our homes is dependent on a variety of macroeconomic factors, such as employment levels, inflation, interest rates, changes in stock market valuations, consumer confidence, consumer income, housing demand, availability and cost of financing for homebuyers, availability and prices of new homes compared to those of previously occupied homes, and demographic trends. These factors can be significantly adversely affected by a variety of factors beyond our control. Currently, potential purchasers of our homes are being affected by inflation and continued high interest rates, tariffs and trade policy, all of which increase what homebuyers have to pay for new homes. Negative publicity could hurt our reputation, which could cause our revenues or results of operations to decline. Our business success is dependent upon the reputation of the Lennar brand and its association with quality and integrity. If we are unable to maintain the position of the Lennar brand, our business may be adversely affected, which could result in lower sales and earnings. Unfavorable media or investor and analyst reports related to our industry, company, brand, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects may affect our stock price and the performance of our business, regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. We could be subject to knowingly false statements made for the purpose of impairing our reputation. These statements, even if totally untrue, can spread rapidly through the use of electronic communication, including social media outlets, newsletters, websites and other digital platforms. The harm may be immediate, without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand depends on our ability to recognize, respond to and effectively manage negative publicity in this rapidly changing media environment. Adverse publicity or negative commentary from media outlets could damage our reputation and reduce the demand for our homes, which would adversely affect our business. Our business strategies for our homebuilding and mortgage finance businesses may not increase our value. Our strategies for our core homebuilding and mortgage finance businesses, and any related initiatives or actions, may not be successful. As a result of our strategy to become a land-lighter company, we continue to reduce the inventory of land that we own and we instead choose to control a greater portion of the land we expect to use through options or other contractual arrangements, including through Millrose and other land banking entities. We cannot provide assurance that this strategy, or other strategies we will follow, will increase our value. It is possible that the land-lighter or other strategies will reduce, rather than increase, the value and profitability of our core businesses. The market for new homes is cyclical, and a continuing downturn in the homebuilding market could adversely affect our operations. The residential homebuilding industry is sensitive to changes in economic conditions and other factors, such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, product affordability, availability of financing, inflation, and interest rate levels. As a result, over the years, demand for new homes has been cyclical, with multi-year periods of high demand followed by multi-year periods of low demand. During fiscal 2025 and 2024, a number of our markets experienced significant softening that required us to make substantial price reductions in order to maintain a steady sales pace. It is possible that a continued market weakness could result in a further decline in demand for new homes with resulting price reductions which could require write downs in the carrying value of our land inventory and write offs of costs of land purchase options we decide not to exercise. Inflation could adversely affect our profitability. Weaker demand has precluded us from raising home prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which has reduced our profit margins. In addition, in an inflationary environment, our cost of capital, labor and materials can increase and the purchasing power of our cash resources can decline, which have in the past and can in the future have an adverse impact on our business or financial results. Inflation may also accompany higher interest rates, which could adversely impact housing affordability by limiting potential buyers’ ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, thereby decreasing demand for our homes. We are taking steps that we hope will enable us to maintain acceptable operating margins in fiscal 2026. However, it is possible that those steps will not be successful, and that a combination of inflation and reduced demand for new homes driven by an increase in mortgage interest rates will continue to adversely affect our profitability. 11 Table of Contents Further increase in mortgage interest rates could reduce potential buyers’ ability or desire to obtain financing with which to buy homes. Housing has been considerably impacted by the more than doubling of mortgage interest rates in 2022 and 2023, and small decreases in 2025. When interest rates increase, the cost of owning a new home increases, which usually reduces the number of potential buyers who can afford, or are willing, to purchase homes we build. A decline in prices of new homes could require us to write down the carrying value of land we own and to write off option costs. We are constantly acquiring options to purchase land, for use in our homebuilding operations. The value of land suitable for residential development fluctuates depending on local and national market conditions and other factors that affect demand for new homes. When demand for homes fell during the 2007-2010 recession, we were required to take significant write-downs of the carrying value of our land inventory and we elected not to exercise many options to purchase land, which required us to forfeit deposits and write-off pre-acquisition costs. If market conditions were to deteriorate significantly in the future, we could again be required to make significant write-downs of the carrying value of our land inventory and write-offs of costs relating to decisions not to exercise land purchase options. Because a significant portion of our land inventory is acquired through land purchase option arrangements], in the event of adverse changes in economic, market, or community conditions, we may elect not to exercise our land purchase options and we may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate the purchase price of the land under option. Such actions could result in the forfeiture of some or all of any deposits, fees or investments paid or made in respect of such arrangements, including any cost overruns. The forfeiture of option deposits or inventory impairments may result in a loss that could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, stock performance, business operations and financial performance. Current and threatened international conflicts could affect demand for the homes we build. There currently are ongoing conflicts involving Ukraine and Israel. While we do not acquire essential components of the homes we build from either of those countries and while as of November 30, 2025 neither of these conflicts has had a material direct impact on our consolidated financial performance, those and other possible conflicts have already led and could lead to further market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. In addition, the closure of or limitation on the use of significant shipping routes as a result of these and related conflicts may result in interruptions to the supply of certain key raw materials that are used in products which we incorporate in the homes we build, increasing their cost. International conflicts also may lead potential homebuyers to decide not to invest in new homes at this time, which could have a material impact on our business operations and financial performance. Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by public health issues and governmental actions. The United States has experienced, and may experience in the future, outbreaks of contagious diseases that affect public health and public perception of health risk. The extent to which public health issues impact our results will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted. New or evolving U.S. government regulations, guidance, executive orders or judicial decisions, including, but not limited to, as a result of public health concerns, could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. Further, if a contagious disease causes significant negative impacts to economic conditions or consumer confidence, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely impacted. Operational Risks Homebuilding, mortgage lending and home rentals are very competitive industries, and competitive conditions could adversely affect our business or financial results. Homebuilding . The homebuilding industry is highly competitive. Homebuilders compete not only for homebuyers, but also for desirable land, financing, raw materials, skilled management and labor resources. We compete in each of our markets with numerous national, regional and local homebuilders. We also compete with sellers of existing homes, including foreclosed homes, and with rental housing. These competitive conditions can reduce the number of homes we deliver, negatively impact our selling prices, reduce our profit margins, and cause impairments in the value of our inventory or other assets. Competition can also affect our ability to acquire suitable land, raw materials and skilled labor at acceptable prices or other terms. Financial Services . Our Financial Services residential and commercial lending businesses compete with other residential and commercial mortgage lenders, including national, regional and local banks and other financial institutions. Mortgage lenders who have greater access to low-cost funds, superior technologies or different lending criteria than we do may be able to offer more attractive financing to potential customers than we can. 12 Table of Contents Multifamily . Our multifamily rental business competes with other developers and operators of multifamily apartment communities at locations across the U.S. where we have investments in multifamily rental properties. We also compete in securing partners, equity capital and debt financing, and we compete for tenants with the large supply of already existing or newly built rental apartments, as well as with sellers and renters of single-family homes. These competitive conditions could negatively impact the ability of the funds and ventures we manage to find renters for the apartments they are building or the prices for which those apartments can be rented. Single-Family Home Rentals . In each region where our funds offer single-family homes for rent, there will be competition for residents with other owners of residential real estate (whether for-rent or for-sale). In addition, in seeking investors to acquire interests in funds we form, we will be competing with a wide variety of investment opportunities, related both to real estate and to a variety of other investment products. Also, in seeking to acquire single-family homes that our funds can hold as rental properties, our funds will be competing with other persons who plan to hold them as rental properties as well as persons who might want to purchase those homes to live in them. We may be subject to costs of warranty and liability claims in excess of the insurance coverage we can purchase. As a homebuilder, we are subject in the ordinary course of our business to warranty and construction defect claims. We are also subject to claims for injuries that occur in the course of construction activities. We record warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we build. We have, and many of our subcontractors have, general liability, property, workers' compensation and other business insurance. These insurance policies are intended to protect us against risk of loss from claims, subject to self-insured retentions, deductibles and coverage limits. However, it is possible that this insurance will not be adequate to address all warranty, construction defect and liability claims to which we are subject. Additionally, the cost of insurance has increased significantly in recent years. Also, the coverage offered and the availability of general liability insurance for construction defects is currently limited and policies that can be obtained often include exclusions based upon past losses those insurers suffered as a result of use of defective materials in homes we and many other homebuilders built. As a result, an increasing number of our subcontractors are unable to obtain insurance, and we have in many cases had to waive our customary insurance requirements, which increases our and our insurers’ exposure to claims and increases the possibility that our insurance will not be adequate to protect us against all the costs we incur. This increase in cost and limitation in coverage has also increased our self-insured retentions and decreased our total coverage. It is possible in the future that insurance would not be available at commercially reasonable rates. Even when insurance is available, the high cost of insurance has recently led us to self-insure against some risks. Excessive health and safety incidents relating to our operations could be costly to us. Land development and construction are inherently dangerous. While safety is a priority on our land development and construction sites, we cannot always control the way work is performed by subcontractors, including whether they comply with laws and regulations designed to maximize the safety of construction workers. Failures in health and safety performance on our worksites may result in penalties for non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements and in our subcontractors having difficulty attracting the workers they need as well as in a negative impact to our reputation. Products supplied to us and work done by subcontractors can expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business. We rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes, and in many cases, to select and obtain building materials. Despite our detailed specifications and quality control procedures, in some cases, subcontractors may use improper construction processes or defective materials. Defective products widely used by the homebuilding industry can result in the need to perform extensive repairs to large numbers of homes. The cost of complying with our warranty obligations may be significant if we are unable to recover the cost of repairs from subcontractors, materials suppliers and insurers. We also can suffer damage to our reputation, and may be exposed to possible liability, if subcontractors fail to comply with applicable laws, including laws involving things that are not within our control. When we learn about possibly improper practices by subcontractors, we try to cause the subcontractors to discontinue them. However, we may not always be able to do that, and even when we can, it may not avoid claims against us relating to work the subcontractors already performed. A reduced number of home sales would extend the time it takes us to recover land purchase and property development costs. We incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a community. Depending on the stage of development a land parcel is in when we acquire it (or when it is acquired by Millrose or another land banking entity), these may include costs of preparing land, finishing and entitling lots, installing roads, sewers, water systems and other utilities, and taxes and other costs related to ownership of the land on which we plan to build homes. If the rate at which we sell and deliver homes slows, or if we delay the opening of new home communities, we may incur increased pre-construction costs and it may take longer for us to recover those costs. In addition, our land bank option contracts often include provisions under which delays in land development and/or longer land takedown periods cause us to incur additional cost. 13 Table of Contents Increased interest rates could increase our cost of building homes. Our business requires us to finance much of the cost of developing our residential communities. One of the ways we do this is with bank borrowings. At November 30, 2025, we had a $3.1 billion revolving credit facility with a group of banks (the "Credit Facility"), which had an accordion feature that could increase it to $3.5 billion. In May 2025, we entered into a new unsecured delayed draw term loan facility ("Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility") with total borrowing availability up to $1.7 billion. We also had warehouse borrowing facilities totaling $3.6 billion to support our residential and commercial mortgage lending activities. The interest on borrowings under the Credit Facility is at rates based on prevailing short-term rates from time to time. In 2022 and 2023, the Federal Reserve steadily raised benchmark interest rates and the Federal Reserve did not begin reducing benchmark interest rates until well into 2024. At November 30, 2025, we had no borrowings under our Credit Facility and outstanding borrowings of $1.7 billion under our Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility. However, if in the future we have a need for significant borrowings under our Credit Facility and interest rates continue to be high, that would increase the cost of the homes we build, which either would make those homes more expensive for homebuyers, which is likely to reduce demand, or would lower our operating margins, or both. Increases in the rate of cancellations of home sale agreements could have an adverse effect on our business. Our backlog reflects agreements of sale with our homebuyers for homes that have not yet been delivered. We usually have received a deposit from our homebuyer for each home reflected in our backlog, and generally we have the right to retain the deposit if the homebuyer does not complete the purchase. In some cases, however, a homebuyer may cancel the agreement of sale and receive a complete or partial refund of the deposit for reasons such as state and local laws, the homebuyer’s inability to obtain mortgage financing, the homebuyer's inability to sell their current home or our inability to complete and deliver the home within the specified time. With the increase in interest rates, we have experienced an increase in cancellation rates. If there is a weakening of the housing market, or if mortgage financing becomes less available or more expensive than it currently is or is expected to be more homebuyers may cancel their agreements of sale with us, which would have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our success to a substantial extent depends on our ability to acquire land that is suitable for residential homebuilding and meets our land investment criteria. There is strong competition among homebuilders for land that is suitable for residential development. The future availability of finished and partially finished developed lots and undeveloped land that meet our internal criteria depends on a number of factors outside our control, including land availability in general, competition with other homebuilders and land buyers for desirable property, inflation in land prices, zoning, allowable housing density, and other regulatory requirements. Should suitable lots or land become less available, the number of homes we could build and sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results of operations. We could be hurt if land banks are not able to raise investor funds needed to finance land acquisition to meet out demand. In February 2025, we completed the spin-off Millrose, which serves as a source of recycled capital for land acquisitions. However, Millrose does not have the capacity to provide all the land acquisition funding we require, and Millrose’s policies will limit its acquisitions to land we expect to use within five years. As a result, we are reliant on additional land banks to acquire at least some of the land that Millrose will not or cannot acquire on our behalf. Most land banks are funds that use financial investor capital to finance land acquisitions. If returns to land bank investors are not sufficient to attract investor funds and land banks are not able to identify alternative sources of funding, we would no longer have access to financing of land acquisitions by land banks. This could significantly impair our ability to carry out our strategy of reducing our inventory of owned land. We could be hurt by refusals of owners of land to honor options or contracts to sell land to us. We have made a strategic decision to increase the portion of our potential land inventory that we control through options or contracts and reduce the land that we own. This substantially reduces our investment in land. However, if landowners who are parties to such options or contracts, including land banks, refuse to honor such arrangements, we could lose access to land at the time we want to use it in our homebuilding activities. Any loss of access to our homesites could materially impact both our revenues and our reputation as a reliable homebuilder. In connection with the Millrose Spin-Off, we transferred a significant portion of our inventory of undeveloped and partially developed land, as well as some finished homesites, to Millrose, which is an independent, externally managed, publicly traded company. In addition, we entered into a number of agreements with Millrose, pursuant to which Millrose provides Lennar with land acquisition and horizontal development financing solutions. We rely on Millrose to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements for a substantial portion of our homesite acquisition and development. If Millrose were unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, we could incur operational difficulties and/or losses. For example, if Millrose were to refuse to honor option exercises, despite requirements that it do so, that could delay or prevent us from building and delivering homes, 14 Table of Contents including while we seek legal enforcement. Even if we were to succeed in any legal proceedings against Millrose, there is no guarantee that a court would compel Millrose to deliver the homesites to us. Monetary damages may not be sufficient for us to fully recover our losses, particularly if we are not able to satisfy our obligations with respect to contracts with homebuyers. Additionally, if in the future we are unable to identify or to develop and maintain the necessary relationships with suitable land banks, including Millrose, we will not be able to fully implement our land-light business strategy. We may lose access to the land or homesites held by land banks in the event of lender foreclosures or bankruptcy proceedings. A significant portion of the land inventory that we control is held by land banks, including the portion of our inventory that was transferred to Millrose in connection with the Millrose Spin-Off. In fact, the majority of our land banking arrangements are concentrated in a limited number of land banks, including Millrose, which exposes our business to risks if one of our principal land banks were to face financial difficulties. Further, our land banks may enter into various “secured financing arrangements,” which may include but are not limited to secured or collateralized loans, or any other transactions where assets may be pledged or used as collateral to secure the financing instrument. In connection with these arrangements, the land banks would have the right to pledge or use as collateral the inventory of land assets we control through option contracts. If a land bank were to default under these arrangements or become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, the land bank may forfeit its assets to any and all creditors or creditors may reject our purchase options in bankruptcy. If we were unable to successfully protect our purchase options, buy the applicable assets directly from the lenders or otherwise retain access to these assets, that could delay or prevent us from building and delivering homes and cause us significant harm. The loss of the services of members of our senior management or a significant number of our operating employees could negatively affect our business. Our success depends to a significant extent upon the performance and active participation of our senior management, many of whom have been with us for 20 or more years. If we were to lose members of our senior management, we might not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis and our operations could be negatively affected. Also, the loss of a significant number of key operating employees and our inability to hire qualified replacements could have a material adverse effect on our business. Natural disasters and severe weather conditions could delay deliveries and increase costs of new homes in affected areas, which could harm our sales and results of operations. Many of our homebuilding operations are conducted in areas that are subject to natural disasters, including hurricanes, earthquakes, droughts, floods, wildfires and severe weather. The occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new home deliveries, increase costs by damaging inventories and lead to shortages of labor and materials in areas affected by the disasters, and can negatively impact the demand for new homes in affected areas. Our insurance may not cover business interruptions or losses resulting from these events and our results of operations could be adversely affected by these events. Additionally, natural disasters and severe weather conditions may increase the cost of homeowner's insurance or create difficulties in obtaining homeowners’ insurance at all, which could reduce the number of potential buyers who can afford, or are willing, to purchase homes we build in affected areas. For example, the incidence of large wildfires in California has substantially increased in recent years and the risk of future wildfires is expected to increase. The housing markets in areas affected by California’s recent wildfires have been adversely affected by increased insurance costs and difficulties in obtaining homeowners’ insurance, which was exacerbated by the January 2025 wildfires in Los Angeles. If our homebuyers are not able to obtain suitable financing, that would reduce demand for our homes and our home sales revenues. Most purchasers of our homes obtain mortgage loans to finance a substantial portion of the purchase price of the homes they purchase. While the majority of our homebuyers obtain their mortgage financing from our Financial Services segment, others obtain mortgage financing from banks and other independent lenders. Disruptions in the mortgage markets or increased government regulation could adversely affect the ability of potential homebuyers to obtain financing for home purchases, making it difficult for them to purchase our homes. Among other things, changes made by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae and FHA/VA in recent years to sponsored mortgage programs, as well as changes made in recent years by private mortgage insurance companies, have reduced the ability of a number of potential homebuyers to qualify for mortgages. These include higher income requirements, larger required down payments, increased reserves and higher required credit scores. In addition, there has been uncertainty regarding the future of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae, including proposals that they reduce or terminate their role as the principal sources of liquidity in the secondary market for mortgage loans. If Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae were to curtail their secondary market mortgage loan purchases, it is not clear how the liquidity they provide would be replaced. There is a substantial possibility that substituting an alternate source of liquidity would increase mortgage interest rates, which would increase the buyers' effective costs of paying for the homes we sell, and therefore could reduce demand for our homes and adversely affect our results of operations. 15 Table of Contents Changes in tax laws could increase the cost of owning a home. Currently, there are significant income tax benefits from owning a home, including deductibility of all or some interest on mortgage loans incurred to finance home purchases and the deductibility of property taxes, subject to certain limits. If federal or state tax laws are changed to eliminate or reduce any of these income tax benefits or if personal income or property tax rates were to increa

=== LEN_2026-06-29.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors Our business is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. These risks are described elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations above, or in our other filings with the SEC, including Part I, Item 1A of our 2025 Form 10-K. There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in those reports. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The following table provides information about our repurchases of common stock during the three months ended May 31, 2026: Period: Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased under the Plans or Programs (2) (In thousands) March 1 to March 31, 2026 2,008,293 $ 92.78 1,867,129 $ 1,281,210 April 1 to April 30, 2026 1,997,760 $ 88.74 1,994,210 $ 1,104,235 May 1 to May 31, 2026 1,138,718 $ 85.17 1,138,661 $ 1,007,250 (1) Includes shares of Class A common stock withheld by us to cover withholding taxes due, at the election of certain holders of nonvested shares, with market value approximating the amount of withholding taxes due. (2) In January 2024, our Board of Directors authorized an increase to our stock repurchase program to enable us to repurchase up to an additional $ 5 billion in value of our outstanding Class A or Class B common stock. Repurchases are authorized to be made in open-market or private transactions. The repurchase authorization has no expiration date. Items 3 - 4. Not Applicable Item 5. Other Information During the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, no director or executive officer of the Company adopted or terminated a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. Item 6. Exhibits 31.1 * Rule 13a-14(a) certification by Stuart Miller. 31.2 * Rule 13a-14(a) certification by Diane Bessette. 32. ** Section 1350 certifications by Stuart Miller and Diane Bessette. 101. * The following financial statements from Lennar Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31, 2026, filed on June 29, 2026, were formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (iv) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. 49 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Lennar Corporation (Registrant) Date: June 29, 2026 /s/ Diane Bessette Diane Bessette Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: June 29, 2026 /s/ David Collins David Collins Vice President and Controller 50 