=== CTVA_2026-03-19.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A 0001755672 false DEF 14A 0001755672 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.CollinsMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001755672 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.MagroMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001755672 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001755672 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ctva:Mr.MagroMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.CollinsMember 2021-01-01 2021-10-31 0001755672 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.CollinsMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.MagroMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.MagroMember ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.CollinsMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001755672 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.CollinsMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001755672 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ctva:Mr.MagroMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.MagroMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.CollinsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.MagroMember 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001755672 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.MagroMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.MagroMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001755672 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.MagroMember 2021-11-01 2021-12-31 0001755672 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.MagroMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.MagroMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.CollinsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001755672 ctva:Mr.MagroMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ctva:Mr.MagroMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001755672 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 CORTEVA, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. 9330 Zionsville Road Indianapolis, Indiana 46268 March 19, 2026 LETTER FROM CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Dear Investor: On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ), we are pleased to invite you to the Annual Stockholder Meeting of Corteva, Inc. ( Annual Meeting ), which will be held virtually on April 28, 2026 at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time. Included with this letter, you will find a notice setting forth the agenda for the Annual Meeting, along with our Proxy Statement discussing these agenda items in more detail and how to participate in the Annual Meeting. Our Performance In 2025, our teams delivered solid performance in technology penetration, customer delivery and productivity that allowed us to continue to expand our earnings and margins. Given our strong results for the full year 2025, we returned more than $1.5 billion to stockholders during the year via dividends and share repurchases, while also investing in research and development and early-state disruptive technologies that will drive long-term value creation for our stockholders in the years to come. As an agriculture technology company, our innovation on behalf of customers and our commitment to their productivity is the foundation of our ability to deliver long-term value for our stockholders and help sustain the planet by providing leading technology that support sustainable food and energy supplies. Our technologically advantaged products contributed significantly to our margin growth in 2025. In seed, Enlist TM E3 soybeans remained the number one soybean technology in the United States and the segment expanded its corn and soybean licensing income. In crop protection, we experienced volume gains across the portfolio, led by double-digit volume growth in biologicals and strong demand for new products. Finally, the execution on our business and operational strategy, as well as ongoing productivity initiatives, continue to allow us to optimize our resource allocation, including returns to stockholders, as well as investment in our research capabilities and disruptive technologies, to drive the long-term value creation for our stockholders and customers. Your Highly Qualified Board of Directors Your Board is recommending for election at this year s Annual Meeting a slate of twelve highly qualified directors. At this Annual Meeting, two of our directors, Lamberto Andreotti and Michael Johanns, will retire. While we wish them well, in preparation for our proposed separation, we are excited to offer two additional director nominees, Jean-Marc Gilson and Christopher J. Policinski. Each of these individuals has been carefully vetted through our board assessment and refreshment processes to assure the right mix of expertise, experience, and perspective to provide the best possible oversight of the Company s strategic direction. The Board slate proposed is varied in personal attributes, skill, and perspectives, while also being well-experienced in agriculture, chemical manufacturing, innovation, and technology. Engagement We believe it is essential to engage with all our stakeholders to assure that a mix of perspectives helps guide our value creation strategy. In 2025, Corteva engaged in constructive dialogue with stockholders representing approximately 48% of our outstanding common stock to hear their perspectives on Corteva s business and innovation strategy, proposed separation, corporate governance policies, sustainability priorities, human capital management, and compensation practices. Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares you own. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we hope you will vote as soon as possible. On behalf of the Board and management, we thank you for your continued investment in Corteva. Sincerely, Gregory R. Page Chair of Board Charles V. Magro Chief Executive Officer and Director NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Dear Stockholder: At the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2026 Meeting ), stockholders will vote on the following matters either by proxy or in person: Date: April 28, 2026 Time: 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time Location: Virtually at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CTVA2026 Agenda: 1. The election of 12 directors. The 12 nominees recommended by the Board of Directors are identified in the Proxy Statement. 2. Advisory resolution to approve the executive compensation of the Company s named executive officers. 3. Advisory resolution to approve the frequency of the stockholder vote on executive compensation of the Company's named executive officers. 4. Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026. 5. Transaction of any other business as may properly come before the 2026 Meeting. How to Vote Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan on attending the 2026 Meeting, please vote your shares as soon as possible by internet, telephone or mail. BY INTERNET Follow the instructions on your enclosed proxy card BY PHONE Follow the instructions on your enclosed proxy card BY MAIL Use the postage-paid envelope provided The Board of Directors of Corteva, Inc. (the Board ) has set the close of business on March 9, 2026, as the record date for determining stockholders who are entitled to receive notice of the 2026 Meeting and to vote. Proof of stock ownership is necessary to attend the 2026 Meeting. The 2026 Meeting will be a completely virtual meeting with no physical meeting location. Please see page 3 of the Proxy Statement for more information on attending virtually. As permitted by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) rules, proxy materials were made available via the internet. Notice regarding the availability of proxy material and instructions on how to access those materials were mailed to certain stockholders of record on or about March 19, 2026 (the Notice ). These instructions include how to vote online and how to request a paper copy of the proxy materials. This method of notice and access gives the Company the opportunity to deliver proxy materials to stockholders in a lower cost, more environmentally sound manner. Thank you for your continued support and your interest in Corteva, Inc. Jennifer A. Johnson Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Public Affairs Officer Corporate Secretary March 19, 2026 The Notice, Proxy Statement and Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com Stockholders may request their proxy materials be delivered to them electronically in 2026 by visiting www.investordelivery.com Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements This Proxy Statement contains certain estimates and forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and may be identified by their use of words like plans, expects, will, anticipates, believes, intends, projects, estimates, outlook, or other words of similar meaning. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future, including statements about Corteva s financial results or outlook; strategy for growth; product development; regulatory approvals; market position; capital allocation strategy; liquidity; sustainability targets and initiatives; the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, restructuring actions, or cost savings initiatives; the anticipated benefits, impacts, and timing of the proposed separation; and the outcome of contingencies, such as litigation and environmental matters, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements and other estimates are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events which may not be accurate or realized. Forward-looking statements and other estimates also involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the company's control. While the list of factors presented below is considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements. Consequences of material differences in results as compared with those anticipated in the forward-looking statements could include, among other things, business disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition. Some of the important factors that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any such forward-looking statements include: (i) failure to obtain or maintain the necessary regulatory approvals for some of the company's products; (ii) failure to successfully develop and commercialize the company's pipeline; (iii) effect of the degree of public understanding and acceptance or perceived public acceptance of the company's biotechnology and other agricultural products; (iv) failure to comply with competition and antitrust laws; (v) effect of changes in agricultural and related policies of governments and international organizations; (vi) costs of complying with evolving regulatory requirements and the effect of actual or alleged violations of environmental laws or permit requirements; (vii) effect of climate change and unpredictable seasonal and weather factors; (viii) effect of competition in the company's industry; (ix) competitor s establishment of an intermediary platform for distribution of the company's products; (x) risks related to recent funding and staff reductions at U.S. government agencies; (xi) risk related to geopolitical and military conflict; (xii) effect of volatility in the company's input costs; (xiii) risks related to the company's global operations; (xiv) effect of industrial espionage and other disruptions to the company's supply chain, information technology or network systems; (xv) risks related to environmental litigation and the indemnification obligations of legacy EIDP liabilities in connection with the Corteva Separation; (xvi) impact of the company's dependence on third parties with respect to certain of its raw materials or licenses and commercialization; (xvii) failure of the company's customers to pay their debts to the company, including customer financing programs; (xviii) failure to effectively manage acquisitions, divestitures, alliances, restructurings, cost savings initiatives, and other portfolio actions; (xix) failure to raise capital through the capital markets or short-term borrowings on terms acceptable to the company; (xx) increases in pension and other post-employment benefit plan funding obligations; (xxi) risks related to pandemics or epidemics; (xxii) capital markets sentiment towards sustainability matters; (xxiii) the company's intellectual property rights or defense against intellectual property claims asserted by others; (xxiv) effect of counterfeit products; (xxv) the company's dependence on intellectual property cross-license agreements; and (xxvi) risks related to Corteva's separation from DowDuPont; and (xxvii) risks related to Corteva s proposed separation, including, but not limited to, whether the objectives of the proposed separation will be achieved; the terms, structure, benefits and costs of any action or transaction resulting from the proposed separation; the timing of any such separation or related action and whether any such separation will be consummated at all; the risk that the proposed separation could divert the attention and time of the company s management; the risk of any unexpected costs or expenses resulting from the proposed separation process or separation itself; and the risk of any litigation as a result of, or relating to, the proposed separation. Additionally, there may be other risks and uncertainties that Corteva is unable to currently identify or that Corteva does not currently expect to have a material impact on its business. Where, in any forward-looking statement or other estimate, an expectation or belief as to future results or events is expressed, such expectation or belief is based on the current plans and expectations of Corteva s management and expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. Corteva disclaims and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, except as required by applicable law. A detailed discussion of some of the significant risks and uncertainties which may cause results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included in the section titled Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Website No portion of the Company s website, or the materials contained on it, have been made part of this Proxy Statement or our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Nor are any such portion of the Company s website, or materials contained on it incorporated herein by reference, unless such incorporation is specifically mentioned herein . Product Disclosures Products with TM and are trademarks of Corteva Agriscience LLC and its affiliated companies. The transgenic soybean event in Enlist E3 soybeans is jointly developed and owned by Corteva Agriscience LLC and M.S. Technologies, L.L.C. 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Corteva, Inc. TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Statement Summary ii CEO Pay Ratio 63 Voting and Attendance Procedures 1 Pay For Performance 63 Corporate Governance 5 Board of Directors 5 Agenda Item 2: Corporate Governance Policies 6 Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Compensation 67 Board Committees 10 Related Person Transactions 14 Agenda Item 3: Our Policies 14 Advisory Resolution to Approve the Frequency of the Stockholder Vote on the Executive Compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers 68 Corporate Responsibility and Values 15 Agenda Item 1: Election of Directors 18 Agenda Item 4: Board Composition 18 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 69 Director Nominees 21 Director Compensation 32 Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 70 Equity Compensation Plan Information 33 Beneficial Ownership of Company Stock 34 Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 70 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 35 Report of the Audit Committee 71 Executive Summary 36 How We Determine Executive Compensation 38 Additional Information 72 Components of Our Executive Compensation Program Future Stockholder Proposals 72 40 Future Annual Meeting Business 72 How We Manage Compensation Risk 44 Future Director Nominee Through Proxy Access 72 2025 Compensation Decisions 45 Multiple Stockholders With the Same Address 72 2026 Compensation Design Changes 51 Electronic Delivery of Proxy Materials 73 Copies of Proxy Material and Annual Report 73 Compensation of Executive Officers 52 2025 Summary Compensation Table 52 Appendix A: Non-GAAP Metrics A- 1 2025 Grants of Plan-Base Awards 55 Outstanding Equity Awards 56 2025 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 57 Pension Benefits 57 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 59 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 60 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 62 Compensation Committee Report 62 Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | i PROXY STA TEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. It does not contain all information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date and Time April 28, 2026 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time Place Virtually at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CTVA2026 Record Date March 9, 2026 Meeting Agenda and Voting Recommendations Agenda Item Board Recommendation Page 1: Election of Directors FOR all board nominees 18 2: Advisory Resolution to Approve the Executive Compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers FOR 67 3: Advisory Resolution to Approve the Frequency of the Stockholder Vote on Executive Compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers FOR 1 YEAR 68 4: Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm FOR 69 Corteva s Background Corteva is a global pure-play agriculture company that combines industry-leading innovation, high-touch customer engagement and operational execution to profitably deliver solutions for the world s most pressing agriculture challenges. Corteva generates advantaged market preference through its unique distribution strategy, together with its balanced and globally diverse mix of seed and crop protection technology solutions. With some of the most recognized brands in agriculture and a technology pipeline well positioned to drive growth, Corteva is committed to maximizing productivity for farmers, while working with stakeholders throughout the food system as it fulfills its promise to enrich the lives of those who produce and those who consume, by equipping farmers with the superior agricultural technologies. Corteva leverages its competitive advantages to deliver reliable earnings, while taking actions to drive margin expansion and increase operating efficiency. At the same time, Corteva maintains a disciplined approach to capital allocation, balancing its investment in ongoing growth priorities with the return of capital to stockholders. ii | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY Director Nominees You are being asked to vote on the election of 12 directors: Klaus A. Engel; David C. Everitt; Janet P. Giesselman; Jean-Marc Gilson; Karen H. Grimes; Marcos M. Lutz; Charles V. Magro, Nayaki R. Nayyar; Gregory R. Page; Christopher J. Policinski; Kerry J. Preete; and Patrick J. Ward. All directors are elected annually. Detailed information about the Board nominees background, skills, expertise, and personal attributes can be found in Agenda Item 1 (Election of Directors). Name Age Current Position Independent Audit Committee Governance and Compliance Committee People and Compensation Committee Sustainability and Innovation Committee Other Current Public Boards (As of the date of this Proxy Statement) Klaus A. Engel, Ph.D. Age 69 Retired Chief Executive Officer, Evonik Industries AG 0 David C. Everitt Age 73 Retired President, Agricultural Turf Division, Deere Company 2 Janet P. Giesselman Age 71 Retired President and General Manager, Dow Oil Gas 1 Jean-Marc Gilson Age 62 President Chief Executive Officer Westlake Corporation 1 Karen H. Grimes Age 69 Retired Partner, Senior Managing Director Equity Portfolio Manager, Wellington Management Company 1 Marcos M. Lutz Age 56 Chairman and Former Chief Executive Officer, Ultrapar Participa es S.A. 2 Charles V. Magro Age 56 Chief Executive Officer, Corteva, Inc. 1 Nayaki R. Nayyar Age 55 Chief Executive Officer, Siteimprove A/S 1 Gregory R. Page Age 74 Retired Chairman Chief Executive Officer, Cargill, Incorporated 2 Christopher J. Policinski Age 67 Retired President Chief Executive Officer Land O'Lakes, Inc. 1 Kerry J. Preete Age 65 Retired Executive Vice President Chief Strategy Officer, Monsanto Company 1 Patrick J. Ward Age 62 Retired Chief Financial Officer, Cummins Inc. 2 C = Chair Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | iii PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY The table below sets forth key metrics and attributes regarding our director nominee slate. Gender Diversity Ethnic/Racial Diversity Non-U.S. Born 92% Independent 5 years Average Tenure 65 years Average Age 11 of 12 Director nominees are independent Independent Board committees Corporate Governance Best Practices As part of Corteva s commitment to high ethical standards, the Board follows sound governance practices. These practices, which are summarized below, are described in more detail beginning on page 5 of the Proxy Statement and on the Company s website at https://investors.corteva.com. Annual Board elections Director elections by a majority of votes cast Directors not elected by a majority of votes cast are subject to the Company s resignation policy Independent Director executive sessions Annual Board, committee, and individual director evaluations Director orientation and education Non-employee directors are required to hold equity compensation until minimum stock ownership guideline is met Non-employee director stock ownership requirement of 5 times their annual cash retainer within 5 years Executives and directors prohibited from hedging or pledging Company stock Stockholder right to call special meetings (25% ownership threshold) No super-majority stockholder voting requirements Eligible stockholders are able to nominate directors through proxy access iv | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY The following summarizes key governance characteristics related to the executive compensation programs in which the named executive officers participate: KEY EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PRACTICES Performance metrics to align pay with performance with a structure designed to discourage excessive risk-taking Balanced short-term and long-term incentives using multiple performance metrics, which balance achieving near-term targets with investing for sustainable long-term growth through innovation Rigorous stock ownership and retention requirements for our named executive officers Significant focus on performance-based pay A comprehensive compensation clawback policy An independent compensation consultant to review and advise on executive compensation Tally sheets to monitor executive compensation Regular reviews of the People and Compensation Committee charter to ensure independence and adherence to best practices and priorities Regular reviews of our peer group with the People and Compensation Committee to ensure appropriate benchmarking of our compensation programs Annual say-on-pay votes A sustainability modifier in our short-term incentive plan to hold executives accountable for incremental progress toward the Company s sustainability objectives Regular engagement with our investors on the Company s strategy, governance, and compensation programs No single-trigger change in control agreements Prohibition on hedging and pledging of Corteva securities by our executives and directors Prohibition on option repricing, reloads, exchanges or options granted below market value No tax gross-ups on benefits and perquisites (except for limited mobility benefits) No dividends paid on unvested or unearned performance share units Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | v IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE STOCKHOLDER MEETING TO BE HELD ON APRIL 28, 2026 The Notice, Proxy Statement and Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com Stockholders may request their proxy materials be delivered to them electronically in 2026 by visiting www.investordelivery.com VOTING AND ATT ENDANCE PROCEDURES In this Proxy Statement and the accompanying proxy material, including a proxy card, you will find information on the Board, the Board s nominees for election to the Board, and three other agenda items to be voted upon at the 2026 Meeting and any adjournment or postponement of the 2026 Meeting. The background information in this Proxy Statement has been supplied to you at the request of the Board to help you decide how to vote and to provide information on the Company s corporate governance and compensation practices. This Proxy Statement and the accompanying proxy card and other materials are first being distributed to stockholders on or about March 19, 2026. Vote Your Shares in Advance You may vote your shares by internet, telephone, or signing and returning the enclosed proxy or other voting instruction form. Your shares will be voted only if the proxy or voting instruction form is properly executed and received before the polls are closed at the 2026 Meeting. Except as provided below with respect to shares held in employee savings plans, if no specific instructions are given by you when you execute your voting instruction form, as explained on the form, your shares will be voted as recommended by the Board . Changing Your Vote You may change or revoke your proxy or voting instructions at any time before their use at the 2026 Meeting by (a) submitting another proxy or voting form on a later date, or (b) attending and voting at the 2026 Meeting. Your attendance at the 2026 Meeting will not automatically revoke your proxy unless you vote again at the 2026 Meeting. Be sure to submit votes for each separate account in which you hold Corteva common stock. Recommendations of the Board The Board recommends that you vote your shares on your proxy card or voting instruction form as follows: FOR ALL of the directors nominated by the Board; FOR the advisory resolution to approve the executive compensation of the Company's named executive officers; FOR 1 YEAR, on the advisory resolution to approve the frequency of the stockholder vote on the executive compensation of the Company s named executive officers; and FOR the ratification of PwC as Corteva s independent registered public accountants for fiscal year 2026. Confidential Voting The Company maintains vote confidentiality. Proxies and ballots of all stockholders are kept confidential from the Company s management and Board unless disclosure is required by law and in other limited circumstances. Our policy further provides that employees may confidentially vote their shares of Company stock held by employee savings plans, and we have appointed an independent tabulator and Inspectors of Election for the 2026 Meeting. Dividend Reinvestment Plan Shares and Employee Savings Plan Shares If you are enrolled in the direct stock purchase plan and the dividend reinvestment plan administered by Computershare Trust Company, N.A. ( Computershare ), the Corteva common stock owned on the record date by you directly in registered form, plus all shares of common stock held for you at Computershare, will appear together on a single proxy voting form. If no instructions Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 1 VOTING AND ATTENDANCE PROCEDURES are provided by you on an executed proxy voting form, your shares at Computershare will be voted as recommended by the Board. Participants in various employee savings plans will receive a voting instruction form. Your executed form will provide voting instructions to the respective plan trustee. If no instructions are provided, the plan trustees and/or administrators for the relevant employee savings plan will vote the shares according to the provisions of the relevant employee savings plan. To allow sufficient time for voting, your voting instructions must be received by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on April 24, 2026. You may not vote your shares held in an employee savings plan in person at the 2026 Meeting. Shares Outstanding and Quorum At the close of business on the record date, March 9, 2026, there were 671,356,502 shares of Corteva, Inc. common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote. The holders of at least 50% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote that are present in person or represented by proxy constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the 2026 Meeting. Votes Required For Agenda Item 1 (Election of Directors), each nominee must receive the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast with respect to each director nominee will be required for the nominee to be elected. A majority of votes cast means that each nominee must receive more FOR votes than AGAINST votes in order to be elected. For Agenda Item 2 (Advisory Resolution to Approve Executive Compensation of the Company's Named Executive Officers), Agenda Item 3 (Advisory Resolution to Approve the Frequency of the Stockholder Vote on Executive Compensation of the Company s Named Executive Officers), and Agenda Item 4 (Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm), each proposal must receive the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast (more FOR votes than AGAINST votes) with respect to such proposal in order to be approved. Abstentions will be included in determining the presence of a quorum at the 2026 Meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes will not count as votes cast and will not affect the outcome of the vote for the proposals set forth in Agenda Items 1, 2, 3 or 4. Broker Non-Votes A broker non-vote occurs when brokers, banks, or other nominees holding shares for a beneficial owner have discretionary authority to vote on routine matters brought before a stockholder meeting, but the beneficial owner of the shares fails to provide the broker, bank, or other nominee with specific instructions on how to vote any non-routine matters brought to a vote at the stockholders meeting. Under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange, brokers, banks, and other nominees will be entitled to vote your shares on routine matters without instructions from you. The only proposal that would be considered routine in such event is Agenda Item 4 (Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm). A broker, bank, or other nominee will not be entitled to vote your shares on any non-routine matters, absent instructions from you. Non-routine matters include the election of directors, and the approval, on a non-binding advisory basis, of the compensation paid to Corteva s named executive officers. Consequently, if you receive proxy materials only from Corteva and you do not submit any voting instructions to your broker, bank, or other nominee, your broker, bank, or other nominee may exercise its discretion to vote your shares on the proposal to ratify the appointment of PwC. If your shares are voted on this proposal as directed by your broker, bank, or other nominee, your shares will constitute broker non-votes on each of the other proposals. Broker non-votes will count for purposes of determining whether a quorum exists, but will not be counted as votes cast with respect to such proposals. A list of stockholders of record entitled to vote shall be open to any stockholder for any purpose relevant to the 2026 Meeting for ten days before the 2026 Meeting, during normal business hours, at the Office of the Corporate Secretary. 2 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement VOTING AND ATTENDANCE PROCEDURES How Votes Are Counted If you submit a validly executed proxy card or voting instruction form but do not specify how you want to vote your shares with respect to a particular proposal, then your shares will be voted in line with the Board s recommendations with respect to any such proposal, as folllows: (i) FOR the election of the Board s 12 director nominees; (ii) FOR the non-binding advisory resolution approving the compensation paid to Corteva s named executive officers; (iii) FOR 1 YEAR as the frequency of the stockholder vote on the executive compensation of Corteva's named executive officers; and (iii) FOR the ratification of the appointment of PwC as Corteva s independent public accounting firm for fiscal year 2026. If you submit a proxy card marked abstain on any item, your shares will not be voted on that item so marked and your vote will not be included in determining the number of votes cast on that matter. If your shares are held of record by a bank, broker, or other nominee, Corteva urges you to give instructions to your bank, broker, or other nominee as to how you wish your shares to be voted so you may participate in the stockholder voting at the 2026 Meeting. As of the date of this Proxy Statement, the Board knows of no business other than that set forth above to be transacted at the 2026 Meeting, but if other matters requiring a vote do arise, it is the intention of the persons named in the proxy card to whom you are granting your proxy to vote in accordance with their good faith business judgment as to what is in the best interests of Corteva on such matters. Proxy Solicitation on Behalf of the Board Corteva is soliciting proxies to provide an opportunity for all stockholders to vote, whether or not the stockholders are able to attend the 2026 Meeting or an adjournment or postponement thereof. Directors, officers and employees may solicit proxies on behalf of the Company s Board in person, by mail, by telephone or by electronic communication. The proxy representatives of the Board will not be specially compensated for their services in this regard. Corteva will reimburse brokers and other nominees for their expenses in forwarding proxy solicitation materials to holders. Attending the 2026 Meeting Our 2026 Meeting will be a completely virtual meeting with no physical meeting location. The meeting will only be conducted via live webcast. We believe this format will allow for greater participation of our stockholders generally, and reduced expense to the Company and the environment. Conducting a virtual meeting will also allow stockholders who are unable to travel, whether due to cost, disability, or other personal or business constraint, to partake in the meeting. Attendance at the 2026 Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof will be limited to stockholders of the Company as of the close of business on the record date and invited guests of the Company. To participate in the virtual meeting, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CTVA2026 and enter the 16-digit control number included on your notice of Internet availability of the proxy materials, on your proxy card, or on the voting instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. We are committed to ensuring our stockholders have the same rights and opportunities to participate in the 2026 Meeting as if it been held in a physical location. Stockholders may log into www.proxyvote.com if they want to submit questions in advance of the meeting. Pre-meeting questions will be cut-off at 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on April 24, 2026 to provide the Company time to respond and post both the questions and responses at the 2026 Meeting. The 2026 Meeting will begin promptly at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time on April 28, 2026 and stockholders will have another opportunity to ask questions during the meeting. If you want to submit your question during the meeting, log into the virtual meeting platform at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CTVA2026 , type your question into the Ask a Question field, and click Submit. Questions pertinent to meeting matters will be answered in connection with the 2026 Meeting, subject to reasonable time constraints. Questions regarding personal matters, including those related to employment or product or service issues, are not pertinent to meeting matters and therefore will not be answered. The Rules of Conduct for the 2026 Meeting will be available on Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 3 VOTING AND ATTENDANCE PROCEDURES the meeting platform, as well as Corteva s investor relations website, https://investors.corteva.com . Questions answered in connection with the 2026 Meeting will also be posted to the Company s investor relations website following the conclusion of the 2026 Meeting. The virtual meeting platform is fully supported across browsers (MS Edge, Firefox, Chrome, and Safari) and devices (desktops, laptops, tablets, and cell phones) running the most updated version of applicable software and plugins. Participants should ensure that they have a strong Wi-Fi connection wherever they intend to participate in the meeting. Participants should also give themselves plenty of time to log in and ensure that they can hear streaming audio prior to the start of the meeting. We will have technicians ready to assist you with any technical difficulties you may have accessing the virtual meeting. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual meeting during check-in or the meeting, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the virtual meeting platform log-in page. Technical support will be available starting at 7:45 a.m. Eastern Time on April 28, 2026 and through the conclusion of the 2026 Meeting. Other Matters The Board does not intend to present any business at the 2026 Meeting that is not described in this Proxy Statement. The enclosed proxy or other voting instruction form confers upon the designated persons the discretion to vote the shares represented in accordance with their best judgment. Such discretionary authority extends to any other properly presented matter. The Board is not aware of any other matter that may properly be presented for action at the 2026 Meeting. 4 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Strong corporate governance supports our core values, and, as a result, Corteva is committed to applying sound corporate governance practices, which align with the interests of our stockholders and support the highest levels of integrity in the operation of our Board. Within this section, you will find information about our Board and corporate governance policies and practices. BOARD OF DIRECTORS Nomination Process . All candidates for Board membership are evaluated by the Governance and Compliance Committee. In evaluating candidates, including existing Board members, the Governance and Compliance Committee considers an individual candidate s personal and professional responsibilities and experiences, the then-current composition of the Board, and the challenges and needs of the Company in an effort to ensure that the Board, at any time, is comprised of an intellectually diverse group of members who, individually and collectively, best serve the needs of the Company and its stockholders. The Governance and Compliance Committee also utilizes recommendations from a leading, global third-party search firm, whose function is to assist in identifying qualified candidates and to validate the background and reputation of any potential candidates. In general, and in giving due consideration to the composition of the Board at the time a candidate is being considered, the Governance and Compliance Committee considers each potential nominee s: integrity and demonstrated high ethical standards; experience with business administration processes and principles; ability to express opinions, raise difficult questions, and make informed, independent judgments; knowledge, experience, and skills in one or more specialty areas (such as agriculture or chemical industry, regulatory or governmental affairs, accounting or finance, product development, technology, global operations, or corporate strategy); ability to devote sufficient time to prepare for and attend Board meetings; willingness and ability to work with other members of the Board in an open and constructive manner; ability to communicate clearly and persuasively; and diversity with respect to other characteristics, which may include professional and leadership experience, specialized education and skills, and personal attributes. Additionally, with the Company's proposed separation, the Board has been evaluating and will continue to evaluate candidates to support the formation of two independent public company boards to oversee each of the specific needs of the crop protection and seed businesses. Inclusion. The Board is committed to inclusion and supportive of board candidates from underrepresented communities and socioeconomic backgrounds. We have taken steps to identify and retain Board candidates representative of the Company s global operations and diverse backgrounds, including with respect to skills, education, professional experience, personal attributes, gender, ethnicity, race, nationality, and age. When selecting Board candidates, the Board is focused on the individual's experience in the context of the needs of the Board, including for this year the Board's needs with respect to the proposed separation, in the pool of potential candidates available and under consideration, while balancing the need to identify candidates for nomination that add to, or otherwise complement, the skills and qualifications of its existing members through regular refreshment of our Board. During any Board refreshment process, we are mindful that we want the best talent for our Board and that our Board aspires to be representative of the communities and geographies in which we operate globally. Stockholder Nomination Process. Stockholders who wish to submit names to be considered by the Governance and Compliance Committee for nomination for election to the Board of Directors may do so by contacting us through the Corporate Secretary Office, Corteva, Inc., 1000 N. West Street, Suite 900, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 and should submit the following information: the name and record address of the stockholder of record making such nomination and any other person on whose behalf the nomination is being made, and of the person or persons to be nominated, the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Company which are owned beneficially or of record by such stockholder or such other person, Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 5 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and any such other person or persons or any nominee or nominees in connection with the nomination by such stockholder, such other information regarding each nominee proposed by such stockholder as would be required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required to be disclosed, pursuant to SEC rules, had the nominee been nominated or intended to be nominated by the Board of Directors, and shall include a consent signed by each such nominee to be named in the proxy statement for the annual meeting as a nominee and to serve as a director of the Company if so elected, a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to make such nomination, a duly executed representation that, if elected as a director of the Company, the proposed nominee shall comply with the Company s Codes of Conduct and Corporate Governance Guidelines in all respects, share ownership and trading policies and guidelines and any other Company policies and guidelines applicable to directors, as well as any applicable law, rule, or regulation or listing requirement, and a completed and duly executed written questionnaire with respect to the background of the nominating stockholder and any other person or entity on whose behalf, directly or indirectly, the nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Corporate Secretary upon written request). Stockholders wishing to nominate a director should follow the specific procedures set forth in the Company s Bylaws. CORPORATE GO VERNANCE POLICIES Director Independence . The Board has made the determination that all director nominees standing for election, except Mr. Magro, are independent according to applicable SEC rules and regulations, and the New York Stock Exchange listing standards. It is the policy of the Board that every member of the Audit, People and Compensation, and Governance and Compliance Committees should be an independent director. The charters of each of these committees and the Board's Corporate Governance Guidelines are available free of charge on the Governance section of the Company s website at https://investors.corteva.com or upon written request to Corteva, Inc., 1000 N. West Street, Suite 900, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attention: Corporate Secretary Office. Changes to any committee charter or the Corporate Governance Guidelines will be reflected on the Company s website. Board Leadership Structure. Mr. Page is an independent director and currently serves as Chair of the Board. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require the appointment of an independent Lead Director if our Chair is not independent. The term of any such Lead Director would be expected to be at least one year. We believe having an independent chair (or independent Lead Director, in an independent chair s absence) focused on risk oversight, best positions our CEO to focus on strategic execution. Risk Oversight. Risk is inherent in every material business activity that we undertake. Our business exposes us to strategic, regulatory, market, financial compliance, operational, and reputational risks. We utilize an enterprise risk management program to identify Corteva s most significant risks and then prioritize our risk mitigation activities and resources around these risks. To support our corporate goals and objectives, risk appetite, and business and risk mitigation strategies, we maintain a governance structure that delineates the responsibilities for risk management activities, and the governance and oversight of those activities, between management and our Board. Our enterprise risk management program is managed by the Company s risk director, who supports the Company s management in setting the Company s risk appetite and in the identification and prioritization of Company risks and risk mitigation activities. The risk director reports to the Company s Vice President, Chief Risk and Compliance Officer, who in turn reports to our Senior Vice President, Chief Legal and Public Affairs Officer. The Governance and Compliance Committee retains oversight of the enterprise risk management program and makes recommendations for delegations of the oversight of certain risks to the Board s committees. In addition to management providing the Board directly and through its committees regular enterprise risk management program updates through the year, the Vice President, Chief Risk and Compliance Officer has regularly scheduled executive sessions with the Governance and Compliance Committee. 6 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Board is committed to strong, independent oversight of management and risk through a governance structure that includes our Board committees. Under our structure, it is management s responsibility to manage risk and identify risks that are significant to the Company. The Board has oversight responsibility for the process established to report and monitor the most significant risks applicable to the Company. The Board administers its risk oversight role directly and through its committee structure and the committees provide regular reports to the full Board at Board meetings. Additionally, the materials for each Board committee are made available to all directors. The Board divides its risk oversight responsibilities between itself and its committees by having each review or assess key issues or areas of responsibility as follows: Board of Directors Audit Committee People and Compensation Committee Governance and Compliance Committee Sustainability and Innovation Committee Strategic, financial, and execution risks and exposures associated with our annual and multi-year business plans and capital allocation strategy Acquisitions and divestitures Major litigation, investigations, and other matters that present material risk to our operations, plans, prospects, or reputation Business continuity Sustainability reporting Risks associated with financial accounting matters, including financial reporting, accounting, disclosure, and internal controls over financial reporting Supervision and selection of our external and internal auditors The Company's capital structure and use of hedging and derivatives Cybersecurity, ransomware, and artificial intelliegence risks Risks related to the design of our executive compensation programs, plans, and arrangements Succession planning and human capital management Inclusion strategies and employee engagement Governance structures and processes Director succession planning Compliance and ethics programs Enterprise risk management program Public policy matters and political giving Environmental, health, and safety risk management programs Innovation pipeline and research and development practices and investment performance Product safety Sustainability strategy Climate change and biodiversity strategies and targets Meetings . During 2025, the Board met eleven times. The Board s standing committees met the number of times shown below: Committee Number of Meetings Audit 10 People and Compensation 7 Governance and Compliance 5 Sustainability and Innovation 5 Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide an expectation that the members of our Board of Directors attend all meetings of the Board and committees of which they are a member, along with attending our annual meeting of stockholders. In 2025, all directors attended more than 75% of the aggregate of the total number of Board meetings and meetings of the committees on which the director served. All directors except Mr. Lutz attended the Company s 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Limits on Other Directorships. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, directors who are employed as an executive officer of another public company may only serve on a total of two public company boards, including the board of the company Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 7 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE with which he or she is employed. Additionally, directors, who are not current executive officers of a public company, may serve on a maximum of four public company boards, including our Board. Our current outside directorship limits are set at a level that allow the Company to compete for board talent with the appropriate levels of expertise and experience needed to provide effective oversight for our industry. Board Refreshment. As part of the Company s Board refreshment process, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that all directors stand for election at each annual meeting of stockholders. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that no director may stand for reelection to the Board after reaching age 75. The Board may in unusual circumstances and for a limited period of time ask a director to stand for reelection after the prescribed retirement date. On February 28, 2025, Rebecca B. Liebert, Ph.D. retired from our Board to pursue other professional opportunities. Additionally, consistent with our mandatory retirement policy, Messrs. Andreotti and Johanns will retire at the conclusion of this Annual Meeting. With these retirements in 2026, the Board previously expected to close these two Board seats. However, in anticipation of the Company's proposed separation the Board has replaced Messrs. Andreotti and Johanns with two new nominees, Messrs. Gilson and Policinski. The Board continues to aspire to have the boards of directors of each of its separated companies become over time boards in size and gender composition aligned with the norms for companies of their respective size. Committee Refreshment. The Governance and Compliance Committee evaluates its committee composition and committee chairs for potential changes annually. The Board typically expects to rotate its committee chairs every 5 years, with the incoming committee chair serving on such committee for a minimum of one year prior to his or her appointment. The outgoing committee chair is expected to serve on such committee for a minimum of an additional year to ensure an orderly transition. Under the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines, while the Board is expected to generally follow the principles above, the Board also may take into account Company facts and circumstances, and any other factors the Board believes are appropriate, to determine the appropriate rotation of committee chairs and to select the individuals best-suited to serve in these roles. Board Annual Performance Reviews. Under the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Board annually conducts a self-evaluation of the Board s performance as a whole. In addition, the Board annually evaluates individual director performance and effectiveness, with a minimum of one-third of the directors being evaluated each year on a staggered basis. The performance and effectiveness of each standing committee of the Board is also evaluated on an annual basis in accordance with their respective written charter. At least every three years, an evaluation of the Board s performance and effectiveness will be conducted by an independent, third party overseen by the Governance and Compliance Committee. This may be conducted in substitute of, or separate from, an internally administered annual self-evaluation of the Board s performance. For 2025, while the board, committee, and individual director assessments were completed, the third party evaluation was postponed in light of the Company's proposed separation. 8 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE EVALUATION PROCESS REVIEW WRITTEN QUESTIONNAIRES EVALUATIONS AND WRITTEN REPORTS REVIEW RESULTS ACT ON RESULTS Governance and Compliance Committee reviews the design and format of the annual process for evaluating the Board, each committee, and individual directors. Directors complete written questionnaires to assess the Board and each committee. The independent board chair or another facilitator conducts one-on-one interviews with each director. Responses are evaluated and written reports with the assessment results and comments without attribution to individual directors are prepared for the Board and each committee. The board chair reviews the board assessment results with the Board and individual director assessments with the individual directors. The chair of each committee reviews its assessment with the respective committee. Results of assessment reviews inform changes to policies, practices, and procedures; future Board and committee agendas; and Board refreshment and committee rotation decisions. Our Board, committee, and individual director evaluations are collectively designed to solicit input and perspective on various topics, including: Board structure, size, and composition, including director skills, diversity, and experience, and the need for Board refreshment Committee structure and allocation of responsibilities Conduct of meetings, including cadence, length, and opportunity for director input and meaningful discussion Materials and information, including quality, timeliness, and relevance Future agenda topics and priorities for the Board and each committee Director orientation and education Director performance, including attendance, preparation, and participation Access to management and internal and external experts, resources, and support Committee process, member and chair performance, and management support Performance of the Board chair, including communication, relationship with management, availability, focus on appropriate issues, and inclusiveness Stock Ownership Policy for Non-Employee Directors. The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide stock ownership guidelines, which require non-employee directors to own within five years from their respective appointment date, five (5) times their annual cash retainer in equity of the Company. Each non-employee director is also required to hold all equity-based compensation until the director meets the stock ownership guideline. For more information about the stock ownership policy for executive officers, please see the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement. Executive Sessions. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the independent directors meet in regularly scheduled executive sessions. The Chair presides over these meetings and generally occur with each regularly scheduled meeting of the Board. Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 9 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Code of Conduct. We have adopted a written Code of Conduct for directors as well as a Code of Conduct applicable to all officers and employees. Additionally, we maintain a written Code of Financial Ethics, applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, and all employees performing similar functions. These policies are designed to maintain the integrity of our business, as well as the accuracy of our financial reporting. These codes cover, among other things, professional conduct, conflicts of interest, accurate recordkeeping and reporting, public communications, and the protection of confidential information, as well as adherence to laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of our business. Copies of these documents are available free of charge on the Governance section of the Company s website at https://investors.corteva.com or otherwise upon written request addressed to Corteva, Inc., 1000 N. West Street, Suite 900, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, Attention: Corporate Secretary Office. Director Continuing Education. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Company provides new directors with an orientation to become familiar with the Company and its strategic plans and businesses, significant financial matters, core values, including ethics, compliance programs, corporate governance practices, and other key policies and practices, through a review of background materials, meetings with senior executives, and visits to Company facilities. When orientations are held, all directors are invited to take part. The Governance and Compliance Committee regularly evaluates and identifies opportunities to provide directors with ongoing education, including visits to Corteva operations, facilities, and business partners across the globe. In addition to direct education, management provides regular business updates and other ad hoc communications to our Board to keep them abreast of matters relevant to our business and industry. Communications with the Board. Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate directly with the Board, the non-management directors or the independent directors as a group, or specified individual directors, by writing to such individual or group c/o Corporate Secretary Office, Corteva, Inc., 1000 N. West Street, Suite 900, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The Corporate Secretary will forward such communications to the relevant group or individual at or prior to the next meeting of the Board. The Board has instructed our Corporate Secretary to review the correspondence prior to forwarding it, and in her discretion, not to forward certain items if she deems them to be of a commercial or frivolous nature or otherwise inappropriate for the Board s consideration. In these cases, the Corporate Secretary may forward some of the correspondence elsewhere in the Company for review and possible response. BOARD COMMITTEES Committees perform many important functions on behalf of the Board. The responsibilities of each committee are stated in their respective committee charters, which are available on the Company s website, https://investors.corteva.com under Governance . The Board, upon the recommendation of the Governance and Compliance Committee, elects members to each committee and has the authority to change committee chairs, memberships, and the responsibilities of any committee as set forth in the Bylaws. The Board currently has four standing committees: (i) Audit Committee; (ii) Governance and Compliance Committee; (iii) People and Compensation Committee; and (iv) Sustainability and Innovation Committee. All members of the Committees are independent under the Board s Corporate Governance Guidelines and applicable New York Stock Exchange Rules. The Board has determined that Messrs. Page and Ward, along with Ms. Grimes are each audit committee financial experts within the meanings of the applicable SEC Rules. The Board from time-to-time establishes ad-hoc committees or sub-committees to oversee matters of special interest to the Board. 10 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE A brief description of the current composition and responsibilities of each committee are as follows: AUDIT COMMITTEE Number of Meetings in 2025: 10 Patrick J. Ward (Chair) Karen H. Grimes Michael O. Johanns Nayaki R. Nayyar Gregory R. Page KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Selects, engages, and replaces, as appropriate, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm to audit the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and internal control over financial reporting. Reviews and approves the Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy of audit and non-audit services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. Provides oversight on the external reporting process and the adequacy of the Company s internal controls. Reviews effectiveness of the Company s systems, procedures, and programs designed to promote and monitor compliance with applicable laws and regulations and receives prompt reports on any compliance matter that could adversely impact the Company s external reporting process or adequacy of internal controls. Reviews the scope of the audit activities of the independent registered public accounting firm and the Company s internal auditors and evaluates the performance of both. Reviews services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and other disclosed relationships as they bear on the independence of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. Establishes procedures for the receipt, retention, and resolution of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls, or auditing matters. Reviews and approves the Company s internal audit plan. Reviews several times a year the Company s cybersecurity risks and mitigation activities. Governance and Compliance Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 5 Janet P. Giesselman Klaus A. Engel David C. Everitt Michael O. Johanns Nayaki R. Nayyar Gregory R. Page (Chair) KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Develops and recommends to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines for the Company. Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 11 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Establishes the process for identifying and evaluating director nominees, determines the qualifications, qualities, skills, and other expertise required to be a director, and recommends to the Board nominees for election to the Board. Oversees the annual assessment of the Board, its committees, and the individual directors. Oversees the Company s corporate governance practices, including reviewing and recommending to the Board for approval any changes to the Company s Code of Conduct and Code of Financial Ethics, Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Committee charters. Oversees the Company s ethics and compliance programs, including compliance with the Company s Code of Conduct and Code of Financial Ethics. Reviews and monitors the Company s enterprise risk management program. Reviews the Company s public policy positions, strategy regarding political engagement, and public reputation management. Oversees and advises the Board on the Company s environment, health, safety, and security ( EHS S ) risk management programs. People and Compensation Committee Number of Meetings in 2025: 7 Kerry J. Preete (Chair) Lamberto Andreotti Karen H. Grimes Marcos M. Lutz Patrick J. Ward KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Assesses current and future senior leadership talent for Company officers. Assists the Board in the CEO succession planning process. Reviews and approves the Company s programs for executive development, performance, and skills evaluations. Evaluates the Company s progress on inclusions, diversity and equity initiatives and aspirations no less than annually. Reviews and approves the goals and objectives relevant to the CEO s compensation, oversees the performance evaluation of the CEO based on such goals and objectives, and, together with the other independent members of the Board of Directors, determines and approves the CEO s compensation based on this evaluation. Determines the compensation and employment arrangements of the Company s executive officers other than the CEO. Evaluates the Company s incentive compensation arrangements to determine whether they encourage excessive risk-taking, including strategies that could mitigate any such risk. Works with management to develop the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and other compensation disclosures for inclusion in the Company s SEC filings. Evaluates the voting results from say-on-pay or other compensation stockholder proposals. Recommends non-employee directors compensation to the Board of Directors. Retains any compensation consultants that the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate to fulfill its duties and responsibilities; the Committee sets the compensation and oversees the work of the consultants, including approval of an applicable executive compensation peer group. 12 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Sustainability and Innovation Committee ( S I ) Number of Meetings in 2025: 5 Klaus A. Engel (Chair) Lamberto Andreotti David C. Everitt Janet P. Giesselman Marcos M. Lutz Kerry J. Preete KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Oversees and assesses all aspects of the Company s science and technology capabilities in all phases of its activities in relation to its strategies and plans, including the development of key technologies and major science-driven innovation initiatives essential to the long-term success of the Company. Makes recommendations to the Board and the management of the Company to continually enhance the Company s science and technology capabilities, including reviewing the Company s external science and technology alliances and licensing arrangements. Assesses the effectiveness of, and advises the Board on, corporate responsibility programs and initiatives, and sustainability policies and programs and matters impacting the Company s public reputation. Monitors climate change and biodiversity risks, plans, and targets, and annual reviews of the progress against such targets. Reviews and provides input to management regarding the management of current and emerging sustainability trends and reports periodically to the Board on sustainability matters affecting the Company. 2025 Committee Membership All of our standing committees consist entirely of independent directors. Therefore, Mr. Magro does not serve as a member of any of our standing committees. A list of the independent directors and their respective committee memberships during 2025 is set forth below. In connection with Dr. Rebecca Liebert s retirement, Dr. Engel became the Chair of the Sustainability and Innovation Committee effective March 1, 2025. At that time, Mr. Johanns also replaced Dr. Engel on the Audit Committee. On May 1, 2025, Mr. Preete replaced Mr. Andreotti as the Chair of the People and Compensation Committee. 2025 Committee Membership 3 Director Audit Governance and Compliance People and Compensation Sustainability and Innovation Lamberto Andreotti Klaus A. Engel David C. Everitt Janet P. Giesselman Karen H. Grimes Michael O. Johanns Rebecca B. Liebert Marcos M. Lutz Nayaki R. Nayyar Gregory R. Page Kerry J. Preete Patrick J. Ward C = Chair Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 13 RELATED PERS ON TRANSACTIONS OUR P OLICIES The Board adopted written policies and procedures relating to the approval or ratification of each Related Person Transaction. Under the policies and procedures, the Governance and Compliance Committee (or any other committee comprised of independent directors designated by the Board) reviews the relevant facts of all proposed Related Person Transactions and either approves, disapproves, or ratifies the entry into a particular Related Person Transaction, by taking into account, among other factors it deems appropriate: (i) the commercial reasonableness of the transaction; (ii) the materiality of the Related Person s direct or indirect interest in the transaction; (iii) whether the transaction may involve a conflict of interest, or the appearance of one; (iv) whether the transaction was in the ordinary course of business; and (v) the impact of the transaction on the Related Person s independence under our Corporate Governance Guidelines and applicable regulatory and listing standards. No Director may participate in any discussion or approval of a Related Person Transaction for which he/she or any of his/her immediate family members is the Related Person. Related Person Transactions are approved or ratified only if they are determined to be in the best interests of Corteva and its stockholders. If a Related Person Transaction that has not been previously approved or previously ratified is discovered, the Related Person Transaction will be presented to the Governance and Compliance Committee for ratification. If the Governance and Compliance Committee does not ratify the Related Person Transaction, then the Company either ensures all appropriate disclosures regarding the transaction are made or, if appropriate, takes all reasonable actions to attempt to terminate the Company s participation in the transaction. Under Corteva s policies and procedures, a Related Person Transaction is generally any financial transaction, arrangement, or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) or any series of similar transactions, arrangements, or relationships in which: (i) Corteva (and/or its subsidiaries) was, is, or will be a participant; (ii) the aggregate amount involved exceeds $120,000 in any fiscal year; and (iii) any Related Person had, has, or will have a direct or indirect material interest. A Related Person is generally any person who is, or at any time since the beginning of Corteva s last fiscal year was: (i) a director or an executive officer of Corteva or a nominee to become a director of Corteva; (ii) any person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of Corteva s outstanding common stock; or (iii) any immediate family member of any of the persons mentioned above. 14 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement CORPORATE RE SPONSIBILITY AND VALUES OVERVIEW Corteva believes that it is our responsibility to create a sustainable business for our stockholders, as well as for farmers so they can deliver on the word s needs for food, energy and clothing. While our world population is growing, our agricultural resources are not. Therefore, Corteva is focused on continuing to drive sustainable agricultural innovation that brings progress and prosperity for our stockholders and farmers, while contributing to food and energy security for all. For us this means our sustainability programs are driven by our business strategy and our competitive advantage in innovation, while encompassing social, economic, and ecological considerations critical to achieving global food and energy security. With these drivers in mind, Corteva s sustainability programs and initiatives are built around three focus areas: sustainable innovation; biodiversity; and climate. As part of these programs, we are encouraging sustainable agriculture by developing corn hybrids resistant to insects, diseases and herbicides, developing selective crop protection applications that limit impacts to the environment, and investing in an innovative workforce, research and development, and advanced technologies that will provide growers with the tools to farm in a world with less arable land and more unpredictable weather conditions. Corteva believes that companies contribute to sustainable growth efforts by engaging in regular, open dialogue with stakeholders about community and company issues and working together to solve problems. This includes our stockholders. In 2025, we continued our engagement efforts by meeting with stockholders representing approximately 48% of our common stock, outstanding as of December 31, 2025. These engagements included meetings with Corteva s Board Chair, Chief Executive Officer and other members of management to discuss the Company s business and innovation strategy, proposed separation, corporate governance policies, sustainability priorities, human capital management, and compensation practices, among other matters. Risks related to the sustainability of Corteva s business, as well as progress on its sustainability initiatives, are overseen by our Board and its committees. Our executive leadership team is supported by senior management committees that make recommendations to our executive leadership team, as well as implement Corteva s sustainability initiatives and responsible corporate practices. While the Board holistically oversees Corteva s reporting on its governance and sustainability impacts, policies, and strategies, the table below outlines the Committees responsible for overseeing specific risks, policies and practices related to the Company s corporate responsibilities and the long-term sustainability of its business. Sustainability Innovation Governance Compliance People Compensation Audit Sustainable Innovation Environmental, Health Safety Human Capital Management Cybersecurity Product Stewardship Ethics Compliance Inclusion Belonging Tax Climate Adaptation Political Engagement Biodiversity Transparency and Accountability Corteva provides transparency to its stakeholders on its sustainability progress through its sustainability impact reporting, which includes disclosures responsive to the Global Reporting Initiative ( GRI ), Sustainability Accounting Standards Board ( SASB ), the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ( TCFD ), and the Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures ( TNFD ). More information may be found in our 2025 Impact Report, which is expected to be published in early April 2026. Ethical and Secure Supply Chains Corteva, where practicable utilizes multi-sourced supply chains designed to be resilient and reflect the high expectations Corteva sets for its suppliers. Corteva expects its suppliers to act consistently with Corteva s values and to abide by our Supplier Code of Conduct, which establishes our policies with respect to fair wages, discrimination, human rights, ethical procurement Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 15 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AND VALUES practices, record-keeping, and compliance with applicable laws. Corteva will not tolerate the use of child or forced labor in any of its global operations and facilities. We, likewise, expect our suppliers and contractors to uphold our principles with respect to child and forced labor. Our Supplier Code of Conduct and Child and Forced Labor Statement may be found under the Supplier Center section of our website: https://www.supplier-center.corteva.com/ . Political Activities Corteva is committed to participating constructively in the political process with the ultimate goals of advancing and protecting the best interests of the Company, our stockholders, and employees. The political process significantly impacts Corteva through government policies, legislation, and regulatory decisions. We are fully committed to conducting our political activities ethically and in compliance with our policies and all applicable campaign finance laws and reporting requirements. In 2025, Corteva was named one of the top decile of companies in Wharton s Zicklin Center for Political Accountability s CPA-Zicklin Index earning trendsetter status for its high level of transparency. More information related to Corteva s policies, and its political spending can be found at: https://www.corteva.com/who-we-are/political-disclosures.html. Human Capital Management We believe that attracting, retaining, and developing members of our workforce is key to the sustainability of our business and developing our pipeline for leadership. Our leadership is focused on fostering an environment in which employees are contributing fully and able to win for themselves, for Corteva and for our customers and stockholders. Corteva aims to attract the best employees, to retain those employees through offering career development and training opportunities while also prioritizing their safety and wellness in an inclusive and productive work environment. In order to promote this environment, Corteva prioritizes professional development, as well as inclusion and belonging initiatives, and then monitors their effectiveness by measuring employee engagement surveys, employee representation, and pay equity, along with reviews of its leadership succession pipelines. We believe by supporting inclusion and belonging for employees of all backgrounds, Corteva can attract, retain, and engage the best talent and nurture a workforce with a greater variety of skills, perspectives, backgrounds and experiences, which we expect to foster the diversity of thought needed to drive our innovative culture into the future. Inclusion and Belonging Approach Corteva s Chief People Officer leads the Company's inclusion and belonging approach, which is overseen by our People and Compensation Committee. In order to meet the Company's goals of attracting, retaining, and engaging the best talent, Corteva strives to invest in human capital for the long-term, promote and monitor its culture and inclusiveness, and prevent discrimination. To this end, Corteva: Maintains a Code of Conduct that prohibits discrimination Conducts periodic pay equity studies Does not mandate employee arbitration with respect to employee discrimination or harassment claims Provides a global parental leave policy Conducts annual employee engagement surveys to monitor employee engagement and inclusivity, as well as the Company's culture and ethics Maintains nine, voluntary business resource groups, open to all employees to provide opportunities for connection and professional development 16 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AND VALUES The People and Compensation Committee conducts regular reviews of the Company s leadership pipelines for its business lines and critical functions. During these sessions, the People and Compensation Committee reviews the Company's long-term and emergency succession plans for its executives and senior management, talent recruitment and development processes and plans, and the future skills, experiences, and personal attributes needed for the Company's workforce. To support ongoing employee engagement, Corteva s management provides employee professional and personal growth opportunities through various programs and efforts described in the table below. Talent Development Developing talent through self-service courses, mentoring, and customized curriculums providing resources to strengthen our workforce s professional skills Encouraging employees to grow their networks by collaborating with partners across a quickly evolving agriculture landscape Career planning, that provides a clear path for progress, with experiences built to develop future leaders Paid tuition program and opportunities to attend industry shaping events Offering competitive total rewards, meaningful work, and learning opportunities that feed personal growth and well-being Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 17 AGEND A ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS BOARD COM POSITION Our Board is elected annually and currently consists of twelve members, with Mr. Page serving as its Chair. Our Board believes in maintaining a well-rounded membership, complete with diverse qualifications, skills, experiences, and personal attributes that support not only the Company s business needs, but that also provide a current, holistic approach to the Company s business model as a whole. Our Board has developed a deep and varied skill set, with a membership that reflects a comprehensive spectrum of both professional and personal experiences. The Board is committed to inclusion at the Board level and has taken steps to identify and retain candidates, which are diverse with respect to skills, experience, education, gender, ethnicity, race, nationality, and age, skills, and experience in the context of the needs of the Board in the pool of potential candidates available and under consideration, while balancing the need to identify and attract candidates for nomination that add to, or otherwise complement, the skills and qualifications of its existing members through regular refreshment of our Board. The Governance and Compliance Committee, along with our Board, believe that our stockholders benefit from a Board drawing upon a broad array of experiences and backgrounds. Consistent with our priorities, the Board has nominated a strong slate of candidates consisting of: Klaus A. Engel; David C. Everitt; Janet P. Giesselman; Jean-Marc Gilson; Karen H. Grimes; Marcos M. Lutz; Charles V. Magro, Nayaki R. Nayyar; Gregory R. Page; Christopher J. Policinski; Kerry J. Preete; and Patrick J. Ward. The below metrics summarizes key attributes of this year's director nominees. Gender Diversity Ethnic/Racial Diversity Non-U.S. Born 92% 5 years 65 years Independent Average Tenure Average Age 18 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Governance and Compliance Committee and the Board carefully considered the qualifications, skills, and experience of each nominee when concluding that this year s nominees should serve on the Board. The chart below highlights certain of the diverse sets of skills, knowledge, background, attributes, and experience that are represented on our Board: CORTEVA BOARD OF DIRECTORS SKILLS, EXPERIENCE ATTRIBUTES MATRIX Skills and Experience C-Suite Executive Leadership Experience Business and strategic management experience from service in a significant leadership position, such as CEO, CFO or other senior executive role Other Public Company Board Service (within last 5 years) Experience serving on the boards of other public companies, which provides an understanding of corporate governance practices and the dynamics and operation of a corporate board, management accountability and protecting shareholder interests Agriculture and/or Chemical Industry Experience In-depth knowledge of our industry, operations, and competitive environment Accounting/Finance/Financial Reporting Expertise Experience as a principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, public accountant, auditor, or experience actively supervising such person(s); possessing deep financial literacy and understanding of financial reporting, budgeting, and financial strategy Capital Markets Expertise Experience and understanding of capital markets, their structure, and how to best participate in such markets; in-depth understanding of investor perspectives; significant merger and acquisition experience Science and Innovation Strong science or biotech background and/or R D experience Information Technology/Cybersecurity/ Digital/Artificial Intelligence Experience with driving technological innovation for business efficiency and revenue opportunities; experience managing/mitigating cybersecurity risks Government/Regulatory Experience with regulated businesses, regulatory requirements and interacting with regulators and members of government or prior service in government Human Capital/Talent Management Experience with compensation, attracting and retaining top talent, development and succession planning International/Global Business Experience Global business experience, including managing and growing organizations outside the U.S. Environmental/Sustainability/ Corporate Responsibility Experience in managing environmental, corporate responsibility and sustainability initiatives and their relationship to the company s business and strategy Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 19 AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS CORTEVA BOARD OF DIRECTORS SKILLS, EXPERIENCE ATTRIBUTES MATRIX(1) Diversity Attributes Female Male American Indian or Native Alaskan Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander White Non-U.S. born or Non-U.S. citizen Military Service (1) We survey the diversity attributes of our Board, however, director nominees retain the right not to self-identify. Each of the 2025 director nominees declined to identify their sexual orientation. RECOMMENDATIONS AND NOMINATIONS FOR DIRECTOR In accordance with the recommendation of the Governance and Compliance Committee, the Board has nominated each of its 12 director nominees to serve for a one-year term that expires at the Company s 2027 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2027 Meeting ), or until their successors are elected and qualified. Each of the director nominees has expressed his or her willingness to serve. The Board unanimously recommends a vote FOR the election of ALL of the named director nominees as Directors of the Board. The Company benefits from an experienced, engaged, diverse, and independent board of directors with directors that have a deep knowledge of the Company s business. Assuming each of the Board s nominees is elected, our Board will consist of twelve highly qualified directors, eleven of whom will be independent. Collectively, the Board reflects the diversity of operational expertise and experience necessary to oversee the Company s strategic direction, operational execution and performance enhancements, and efforts to drive long-term stockholder value. As provided by Article 2.7 of the Company s Bylaws, directors will be elected by a vote of a majority of the votes cast. A majority of the votes cast means that the number of votes FOR a nominee must exceed the number of votes AGAINST that nominee. In an uncontested election, abstentions and broker non-votes will not be counted as votes cast either for or against the nominees and therefore will have no effect on the election of the nominees. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, if a nominee who already serves as a director is not elected, that nominee shall offer to tender his or her resignation to the Board. The Governance and Compliance Committee will then recommend to the Board whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. Within ninety days of the certification of election results, the Board will publicly disclose its decision regarding whether to accept or reject the resignation. As explained on the accompanying proxy card or voting information, it is the intention of the persons named as proxies to vote executed proxies FOR the candidates nominated by the Board unless contrary voting instructions are provided. The NYSE rules do not permit brokers with discretionary authority to vote in the election of directors. Therefore, if you hold your shares beneficially and do not provide voting instructions to your bank or broker, your bank or broker will abstain from voting on your behalf and your shares will not be voted in the election of directors. We urge you to promptly provide voting instructions to your broker to ensure that your shares are voted on this matter. Please follow the instructions set forth in the voting information provided by your bank or broker. 20 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS DIRECTOR NO MINEES Information in the biographies summarizes key qualifications and attributes as they apply to the individual director nominees to support the conclusion that these individuals are highly qualified to serve on the Board. The information is current as of the date of this Proxy Statement. Each nominee has consented to serve if elected. Klaus A. Engel, Ph.D. Age 69 Retired Chief Executive Officer, Evonik Industries AG Director Since: June 2019 Corteva Committees: Governance Compliance Sustainability Innovation (Chair) Skills and Expertise Dr. Engel s experience as the chief executive officer of two different chemical companies provides our Board with expertise of a global-minded leader with strong corporate governance skills and with experience overseeing R D and innovation. He also brings a depth of experience in finance, capital management, sustainability, and accounting and managing multi-national chemical organizations outside the United States. Career Highlights Dr. Engel is the former chief executive officer of Evonik Industries AG, a specialty chemical manufacturer, from 2009 to 2017, and previously was chief executive officer of Degussa AG, a predecessor to Evonik from 2006 to 2009. Prior to that, Dr. Engel was chief executive officer of Brenntag AG/ M lheim, a global chemical distribution company, since 2001. Earlier in his career, he held various senior positions in R D, production, marketing, and strategy planning at Chemische Werke H ls/Marl, VEBA AG, D sseldorf and Stinnes AG, M lheim an der Ruhr. Dr. Engel served as a member of the supervisory board of National-Bank, Essen from 2011 to 2024. Dr. Engel has served on the advisory board of Ruhr-University, Bochum, Germany since 2018. Dr. Engel is honorary professor at University of Duisburg/Essen and member of the board of trustees of Bonner Akademie f r angewandte Politik at University of Bonn. Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 21 AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS David C. Everitt Age 73 Retired President, Agricultural and Turf Division of Deere Co. Director Since: March 2021 Governance Compliance Sustainability Innovation Skills and Expertise As the former President of Deere Company s largest division, Mr. Everitt brings innovation experience, agriculture industry knowledge, and global operations expertise to our Board. Mr. Everitt also has significant manufacturing and marketing knowledge, along with public company board experience. Career Highlights Mr. Everitt had an extensive career at Deere Company, the world s largest manufacturer of agricultural equipment and a major U.S. producer of construction, forestry, and lawn and grounds care equipment, where he worked from 1975 until his retirement in September 2012. At Deere, he held many executive positions, including as president, agricultural and turf division North America, Asia, Australia, and Sub-Saharan and South Africa, and global tractor and turf products, from 2009 to 2012, president, agricultural division North America, Australia, Asia and global tractor and implement sourcing, from 2006 to 2009, and president, agricultural division Europe, Africa, South America and global harvesting equipment sourcing, from 2001 to 2006. Since April 2025, Mr. Everitt has served as lead independent director of Brunswick Corporation, a global designer, manufacturer, and marketer of recreational marine products, where he has been a director since July 2012. Mr. Everitt also serves on the board of Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc., a designer and manufacturer of vehicle propulsion solutions, since August 2014. Previously, Mr. Everitt served as lead independent director of Enviri Corporation, an industrial services and engineering company that provides environmental solutions and innovative technology for the rail sector, from November 2018 until his retirement in April 2025. At Enviri, he also served as non-executive chairman, from August 2014 to October 2018 and as a director, since 2010. From February 2014 to July 2014, Mr. Everitt also served as Enviri s interim president and chief executive officer. 22 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Janet P. Giesselman Age 71 Retired President General Manager, Dow Oil Gas Director Since: March 2021 Corteva Committees: Governance Compliance (Chair) Sustainability Innovation Skills and Expertise Ms. Giesselman brings to the Board significant leadership experience as a senior executive in the agricultural and chemicals industry, and has a scientific educational background, including in plant pathology, along with expertise in growth and investment strategies, innovation, and crop protection regulation. Ms. Giesselman also has substantial public company board experience. Ca reer Highlights Ms. Giesselman held a number of senior leadership positions for The Dow Chemical Company, from 2001 to 2010, including president and general manager of Dow Oil Gas, from 2007 to 2010, business vice president of Dow Latex, from 2006 to 2007, and as a vice president of Dow AgroSciences, from 2001 to 2006, including leading strategy and regulatory affairs. From 1981 to 2001, Ms. Giesselman worked in a variety of sales, marketing, and strategic planning roles at Rohm and Haas Company, a specialty and performance materials company, including regional business director, agricultural division, from 1998 to 2001. Ms. Giesselman has served on the board of directors of McCain Foods Ltd., a privately held multinational manufacturer of frozen potato products, since June 2014; and Twin Disc, Inc., a global provider of power transmissions for marine, oil and gas, and industrial uses, since June 2015. Ms. Giesselman previously served as chair of the board of directors of Ag Growth International, Inc., a leading manufacturer of grain handling, storage and conditioning equipment, from May 2023 until her retirement from the Ag Growth board in May 2025, where she had been a director since 2013. Ms. Giesselman also previously served on the boards of GCP Applied Technologies Inc., a global provider of construction products and technologies, from May 2020 until it was acquired by Saint-Gobain in September 2022; Avicanna Inc., a leader in innovative biopharmaceutical advances using cannabinoid-based products, from June 2019 to May 2021; and OMNOVA Solutions Inc., a global provider of emulsion polymers, specialty chemicals and decorative functional surfaces, from March 2015 until it was acquired by Synthomer plc in April 2020. Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 23 AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Jean-Marc Gilson Age 62 President Chief Executive Officer, Westlake Corporation Director Since: New Nominee Corteva Committees: TBD Skills and Expertise Mr. Gilson's experience as the chief executive officer and chief operations officer of several global speciality chemical technology companies provides our Board with deep global industry expertise. With these experiences, Mr. Gilson is also knowledgeable and highly experienced in the areas of technological innovation, sustainability, strategy, finance, and multi-national chemical operations. Career Highlights Mr. Gilson is the president and chief executive officer and member of the board of directors of Westlake Corporation, a global manufacturer and supplier of vinyl, polymers and building products, a position he has held since July 2024. Prior to this appointment, Mr. Gilson was the president and chief executive officer and member of the board of directors of Mitsubishi Chemical Holdings Corporation from April 2021 to June 2024. Previously, Mr. Gilson served as chief executive officer of Roquette Fr res, a global leader in plant-based ingredients and pharmaceutical excipients, from 2014 to 2021; chief operating officer of NuSil Technology LLC, a leading manufacturer of medical and space-grade silicone technology, from 2012 to 2014; and as chief executive officer of Avantor Performance Materials, Inc. from 2011 to 2012. Earlier in his career, Mr. Gilson held a variety of key leadership positions while at the Dow Corning Corporation, including director of science and technology, specialty chemicals from 1999 to 2003, vice president and general manager, advanced technologies from 2003 to 2005, and executive vice president, specialty chemicals and president, Asia region, from 2005 to 2010. 24 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Karen H. Grimes Age 69 Retired Partner, Senior Managing Director Equity Portfolio Manager, Wellington Management Company Director Since: March 2021 Corteva Committees: Audit People Compensation Skills and Expertise Ms. Grimes work experience brings strong financial acumen, investment expertise and a returns-focused mindset to Corteva s Board. Additionally, the Board benefits from her extensive executive-level experience, leadership abilities and deep understanding of financial accounting and internal financial controls. Ms. Grimes also provides significant risk management experience and provides a valuable investor-oriented perspective to the Board. Career Highlights Ms. Grimes was senior managing director, partner, and equity portfolio manager at Wellington Management Company LLP, an investment management firm, from January 2008 through December 2018. Prior to joining Wellington Management Company in 1995, she held the position of director of research and equity analyst at Wilmington Trust Company, a financial investment and banking services firm from 1988 to 1995. Before that, Ms. Grimes was a portfolio manager and equity analyst at First Atlanta Corporation from 1983 to 1986 and at Butcher and Singer from 1986 to 1988. Ms. Grimes holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. Ms. Grimes began her career as a field engineer in the Atlanta office at IBM after serving for three years in the U.S. Army. Ms. Grimes serves as a director of Toll Brothers, Inc., a company that builds, markets and finances residential and commercial properties in the U.S., since March 2019, and previously served on the board of TEGNA, Inc., a broadcast, digital media, and marketing services company, from February 2020 until April 2025. Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 25 AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Marcos M. Lutz Age 56 Chairman and former Chief Executive Officer, Ultrapar Participac es S.A. Director Since: June 2019 Corteva Committees: People Compensation Sustainability Innovation Skills and Expertise Mr. Lutz s professional experience provides him significant knowledge of the agricultural business and business operations, capital markets, logistics, and marketing in Brazil, which enables him to contribute his expertise in corporate leadership, strategic analysis, operations, and executive compensation matters. Career Highlights Mr. Lutz was appointed chairman of the board of directors of Ultrapar Participa es S.A., a major Brazilian conglomerate operating in various sectors, including energy, mobility and logistics infrastruture, in April 2025. Mr. Lutz joined Ultrapar in April 2021 as a member of the board, and from January 2022 to April 2025 held the position of chief executive officer, and served as vice-chair of the board from April 2023 to April 2025. Mr. Lutz currently also serves as chairman of the board of Hidrovias do Brasil S.A., a publicly-traded integrated logistics solutions company, which is majority held by Ultrapar, and is a member of the board of directors of Itau Unibanco S.A., one of the largest financial institutions in Latin America, a position he has held since April 2025. Previously, Mr. Lutz was chief executive officer of Cosan Limited, a Brazil-based holding company that operates in strategic sectors including agribusiness, fuel and natural gas distribution, lubricants and logistics, from April 2015 to April 2020, and served as a director of Cosan from December 2009 to June 2020. Prior to joining Cosan, he held senior leadership roles at Companhia Siderurgica Nacional (CSN) SA, most recently serving as vice president of infrastructure and energy with responsibility for the company s hydroelectric plants, logistics, railways and port terminals. Prior to that, he was the chief operating officer for Ultracargo S.A., Ultra Group s logistics subsidiary. Mr. Lutz previously served as a director at Monsanto Company from May 2014 to June 2018. 26 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Charles V. Magro Age 56 Chief Executive Officer, Corteva, Inc. Director Since: November 2021 Corteva Committees: None Skills and Expertise Mr. Magro brings over 20 years of combined agricultural and chemical experience to our Board. His work experience also brings to the Board significant experience in mergers and acquisitions, restructuring, managing human capital and international business. Career Highlights Mr. Magro was named chief executive officer and director of Corteva effective November 2021. Prior to joining Corteva, Mr. Magro served as president and chief executive officer of Nutrien Ltd. from the company s launch in 2018 until April 2021. From 2014 to 2018, he served as president and chief executive officer of Agrium Inc., which merged with Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. to create Nutrien Ltd. As president and chief executive officer of Nutrien Ltd., Mr. Magro led more than 27,000 employees to achieve best-in-class engagement, top safety performance and exceptional business results. While at Nutrien, he also led the company through numerous M A transactions, thereby expanding its global footprint. Prior to this role, Mr. Magro held a variety of other key leadership positions with the company, including chief operating officer, chief risk officer, executive vice president of corporate development, and vice president of manufacturing. He joined Agrium Inc. in 2009 following a productive career with NOVA Chemicals Corp. Mr. Magro has served on the board of directors of Ingredion Inc., a global provider of ingredient solutions to the food and beverage manufacturing industry, since May 2022. He was also recently named chair of the board of directors of CropLife International, effective January 1, 2026. Mr. Magro previously served on the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board from 2018 until March 2022. Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 27 AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Nayaki R. Nayyar Age 55 Chief Executive Officer, Siteimprove A/S Director Since: February 2020 Corteva Committees: Audit Governance Compliance Skills and Expertise Ms. Nayyar brings to our Board technical expertise in information technology, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, and digital technologies, along with extensive experience in leading large teams in complex global organizations through acquisitions, technology transitions, and growth phases, each of which provide valuable insight to our Board with respect to the Company s technology and growth strategies, and cost-savings initiatives. Career Highlights Ms. Nayyar was appointed chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Siteimprove A/S, a leading artificial intelligence-powered SaaS-platform for delivering digital content experiences, in February 2025. From December 2022 to July 2024, Ms. Nayyar was the chief executive officer of Securonix, Inc., a security intelligence solutions provider. Prior to that, Ms. Nayyar was the president and chief product officer of Ivanti, Inc., a software company specializing in IT asset management and cybersecurity, until October 2022. Ms. Nayyar joined Ivanti in July 2020, as executive vice president and chief product officer. From October 2016 to June 2020, Ms. Nayyar served as president of digital services management at BMC Software, Inc., a leading enterprise software solutions provider. Prior to joining BMC Software, Inc., Ms. Nayyar served as general manager and global head of the internet of things (IoT) division of SAP SE, a leading provider of enterprise application software, from January 2016 to October 2016. She joined SAP SE in 2011, holding the positions of senior vice president, corporate strategy, from March 2011 to December 2011, and senior vice president, SAP cloud, customer engagement, from January 2012 to December 2015. Ms. Nayyar also served as vice president and chief technical officer, enterprise architecture and application services, at Valero Energy Corporation, an international petroleum company, from August 2000 to February 2011. Ms. Nayyar has served as a director of TD SYNNEX Corporation, a global IT distribution and solutions company, since September 2021 and previously served as a director of Veritone Inc., a company that provides cloud-based artificial intelligence technology services, from October 2018 to December 2022. 28 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Gregory R. Page Age 74 Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Cargill, Incorporated Director Since: June 2019 Corteva Committees: Audit Governance Compliance Skills and Expertise As the retired chairman and former chief executive officer of one of the largest global agricultural corporations, Mr. Page brings extensive leadership and global business experience, in-depth knowledge of commodity markets and agriculture, and a thorough familiarity with the key operating processes of a major corporation, including financial systems, global market dynamics, and succession management. Mr. Page s experience and expertise provide valuable insight on financial, operational, and strategic matters and make him well-positioned to serve as Corteva's Chair. Career Highlights Mr. Page is the retired chairman and chief executive officer of Cargill, Incorporated. He served as executive director of Cargill from September 2015 to August 2016, as executive chairman from December 2013 to September 2015, chief executive officer from June 2007 to December 2013, and President from 2000 to 2007. He was elected to the Cargill board of directors in August 2000 and elected chairman of the board in September 2007. Mr. Page joined Cargill in 1974 and over the years held a number of positions in the United States and Singapore, including within its beef and pork processing operations and the Financial Markets Group. Mr. Page has served on the board of directors of Eaton Corporation plc since 2003, where he was appointed non-executive chair effective June 2025, and previously served as the lead independent director from 2022 until his current appointment. Mr. Page also serves on the board of directors of Deere Company since 2013. Previously, Mr. Page served on the board of 3M Company from 2016 until August 2025. He is former chair of the board of directors of Big Brothers Big Sisters of America and former president of the Northern Star Council of the Boy Scouts of America. Christopher J. Policinski Age 67 Retired President and Chief Executive Officer, Land O'Lakes, Inc. Director Since: New Nominee Corteva Committees: TBD Skills and Expertise Mr. Policinski led a rapidly growing, multinational food and agricultural cooperative, an experience that positioned him to provide valuable leadership and strategic insight in effectively addressing environmental and other risk management matters. As the former president and chief executive officer of the third-largest United States cooperative, Mr. Policinski has a wealth of experience in effectively managing operations and business growth, as well as addressing new risks and regulatory requirements. He is well versed in finance, financial reporting processes, and corporate governance. Career Highlights Mr. Policinski is the former president and chief executive officer of Land O Lakes, Inc., a privately held agricultural cooperative specializing in dairy products, animal nutrition, and crop production, from 2005 to 2018. Mr. Policinski joined Land O Lakes in 1997 and held a variety of key leadership positions, including vice president, strategy and business development; executive vice president, dairy foods; and chief operating officer, dairy foods. Mr. Policinski has served on the board of directors of Hormel Foods Corp. since 2012, and from 2016 to 2023 served as the lead independent director. He previously served on the board of directors of Xcel Energy Inc. from 2009 to 2025, where he was also the lead independent director from 2016 to 2023. Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 29 AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Kerry J. Preete Age 65 Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, Monsanto Company Director Since: March 2021 Corteva Committees: People Compensation (Chair) Sustainability Innovation Skills and Experience Mr. Preete brings to the Board broad business, capital markets, and regulatory acumen and deep knowledge of agricultural products, chemicals, and technology-based solutions from his decades of executive leadership and public chemical company board experiences. Career Highlights Mr. Preete had an extensive career at the Monsanto Company, where he worked for over thirty years in roles of increasing responsibility. Mr. Preete served as the executive vice president and chief strategy officer for Monsanto, from 2010 until his retirement in June 2018, and agreed to stay on as an employee of Bayer AG after Monsanto s acquisition through December 2018. As chief strategy officer, Mr. Preete oversaw the information technology function, including Monsanto s digital and cybersecurity transformations. In this role, he also led the company s M A and venture capital initiatives, Also at Monsanto, Mr. Preete served as the president of global crop protection and chemicals, from 2009 to 2010, as the vice president of international crops business, from 2008 to 2009, as the president of seminis vegetable seeds, from 2005 to 2008, as the vice president of U.S. markets, from 2001 to 2005, as the vice president of global product management, from 1999 to 2001, and as the director of global product stewardship and chemicals, from 1998 to 1999. Earlier in his career at Monsanto, Mr. Preete held various positions in the marketing and distribution groups, from 1985 to 1998, including as U.S. marketing director. Mr. Preete has served on the board of directors of Avient Corporation, a specialized provider of polymer materials, services and solutions, since December 2013, and previously served on the board of Univar Solutions Inc., a global chemical and ingredient distributor, from May 2018 until its acquisition by Apollo Funds in August 2023. 30 | Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Patrick J. Ward Age 62 Retired Chief Financial Officer, Cummins Inc. Director Since: June 2019 Corteva Committees: Audit (Chair) People Compensation Skills and Expertise From his experiences as chief financial officer and in management of a global public company, Mr. Ward brings a depth of skills with respect to complex financial reporting, finance, and public accounting. Mr. Ward also provides significant capital markets, investment management, and investor relations experience. Career Highlights Mr. Ward served as chief financial officer of Cummins Inc., a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services engines and related technologies, from May 2008 until March 2019. He held a broad range of financial leadership positions after joining Cummins in 1987, including serving as vice president, engine business controller, and executive director, power generation business controller. Mr. Ward serves on the board of directors of Flex, Ltd., a global provider of advanced manufacturing and supply chain solutions, since January 2022, and on the board of Solstice Advanced Materials Inc., a leading specialty materials company, since October 2025 following its spin-off from Honeywell International Inc. AGENDA ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote FOR all 12 director nominees. Corteva 2026 Proxy Statement | 31 DIRECTOR CO MPENSATION Corteva compares its non-employee director compensation programs, designs, and compensation elements to t