=== MTB_2026-03-10.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A Table of Contents DEF 14A false M T BANK CORP 0000036270 0000036270 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000036270 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000036270 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000036270 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000036270 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 mtb:StockAwardsAndOptionAwardsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:AggtPnsnAdjsSvcCstMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:EqtyAwrdsAdjsExclgValRprtdInSummryCompstnTblMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:AggtChngPnsnValInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 mtb:StockAwardsAndOptionAwardsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000036270 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 M T BANK CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that apply): No fee required Fee paid previously with preliminary materials Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Table of Contents March 10, 2026 Dear Shareholder, You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of M T Bank Corporation to be held on Tuesday, April 21, 2026, at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time. This year s meeting will be a virtual Annual Meeting conducted by live webcast only. You will be able to attend the meeting online as more fully described in the accompanying notice of the Annual Meeting and proxy statement. Shareholders will be asked to vote on the following matters at the virtual Annual Meeting: 1. election of 12 directors for one-year terms and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified; 2. advisory approval of the 2025 compensation of M T Bank Corporation s Named Executive Officers; 3. approval of the amendment and restatement of the M T Bank Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan; 4. ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of M T Bank Corporation for the year ending December 31, 2026; and 5. transaction of such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting and any adjournments thereof. Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, we encourage you to vote your shares as promptly as possible via the internet, by telephone or by executing and returning your signed proxy card if one was mailed to you. We encourage you to carefully review this year s notice and proxy statement, which contain important information about voting your shares, attending the virtual Annual Meeting and the business to be conducted at the virtual Annual Meeting. Thank you for your continued support of M T. Sincerely, REN F. JONES Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TIME 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time on Tuesday, April 21, 2026 PLACE This year s Annual Meeting will be held virtually and conducted solely online via webcast. Shareholders as of the record date will be able to attend and participate in the Annual Meeting by visiting the following website: meetnow.global/MVLYTF9. Please see the accompanying proxy statement for important information about attending the virtual Annual Meeting. ITEMS OF BUSINESS (1) Election of 12 directors for one-year terms and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. (2) Advisory approval of the 2025 compensation of M T Bank Corporation s Named Executive Officers. (3) Approval of the amendment and restatement of the M T Bank Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan. (4) Ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of M T Bank Corporation for the year ending December 31, 2026. (5) Transaction of such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting and any adjournments thereof. RECORD DATE Shareholders of record of M T s common stock at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on February 23, 2026, are entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. VOTING It is important that your shares be represented and voted at the Annual Meeting. Shareholders as of the record date can vote their shares either during the virtual Annual Meeting or by proxy by using one of the following methods: (1) vote over the internet or by telephone using the instructions in the notice or proxy card; or (2) if you received a proxy card in the mail, complete, sign, date and promptly return the proxy card. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, we encourage you to vote your shares as promptly as possible. Please see the accompanying proxy statement for further information. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON APRIL 21, 2026 The proxy statement, as well as the message to shareholders and Form 10-K of M T Bank Corporation that together comprise our 2025 annual report to shareholders, are available at www.edocumentview.com/MTB. March 10, 2026 LAURA O HARA Chief Legal Officer Table of Contents ATTENDING AND PARTICIPATING IN THE ANNUAL MEETING Virtual Meeting We are holding the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ) in a virtual meeting format exclusively by webcast. No physical meeting will be held. As more fully described in the General Information Questions and Answers section of the proxy statement, you are entitled to participate in the Annual Meeting if, as of the close of business on February 23, 2026, you held shares of M T Bank Corporation common stock registered in your name (a Registered Holder ), or you held shares through a broker, trustee, bank or other intermediary and have a valid legal proxy for the Annual Meeting (a Beneficial Holder ). Both Registered Holders and Beneficial Holders will be able to attend the Annual Meeting online, ask questions and vote during the meeting by visiting meetnow.global/MVLYTF9 and following the instructions. Please have your control number, which can be found on your proxy card, notice or email previously received, to access the Annual Meeting. While we expect that the vast majority of Beneficial Holders will be able to participate using the control number received with their voting instruction form, there is no guarantee this option will be available for every type of Beneficial Holders control numbers, and some Beneficial Holders may instead have to register in advance of the Annual Meeting. Please see the General Information Questions and Answers section of the proxy statement for more information. Technical Support We encourage shareholders to visit the Annual Meeting website above in advance of the Annual Meeting to familiarize themselves with the online access process. The virtual Annual Meeting platform is fully supported across browsers and devices that are equipped with the most updated version of applicable software and plugins. Shareholders encountering difficulty with the Annual Meeting virtual platform during the sign-in process or at any time during the Annual Meeting may utilize technical support provided by M T through Computershare by calling 1-888-724-2416. Technical support information also is provided on the sign-in page for all shareholders. Participation and Questions Shareholders will have substantially the same opportunities to participate in our virtual Annual Meeting as they would have at an in-person meeting. Shareholders as of the record date will be able to attend, vote, examine the shareholder list, and submit questions during a portion of the meeting via the online platform. Shareholders may also submit questions in advance of the Annual Meeting by sending them via email to: ir@mtb.com. Please send any questions in advance of the Annual Meeting by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on April 14, 2026. Questions that comply with the Annual Meeting s rules of conduct and that are germane to the purpose of the Annual Meeting will be answered during the meeting, subject to time constraints. If there are questions regarding matters of personal concern to a shareholder or if a question posed is not answered, M T s Corporate Development Investor Relations Department will respond after the Annual Meeting. If we receive substantially similar questions from multiple shareholders, we may group them together. Prior to the Annual Meeting, the meeting website will contain details on other procedures and guidelines relevant to the Annual Meeting, as well as technical support information. Even if you intend to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, to ensure your shares are represented, please vote your shares in advance of the meeting over the internet or by telephone, or complete and return a physical proxy card by mail. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary 1 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 9 Nominees for Director 10 Corporate Governance of M T Bank Corporation 16 Corporate Governance Standards 16 Board Composition and Refreshment 16 Board Independence 18 Board Leadership Structure 19 Board Self-Evaluation Process 20 Board Continuing Education and Orientation 20 Board s Role in Risk Oversight 20 Oversight of Sustainability and Related Matters 22 Board Committees 23 Audit Committee 23 Compensation and Human Capital (C HC) Committee . 24 Executive Committee 24 Nomination and Governance (N G) Committee 24 Risk Committee 25 Board and Committee Attendance 26 Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics 26 Communications with the Board 27 Majority Voting Standard for Director Elections 27 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 27 Director Compensation 28 2025 Director Compensation Table 29 Stock Ownership Information 30 Directors and Executive Officers Stock Ownership 30 Beneficial Owners Holding More Than 5% of M T Bank Corporation s Common Stock 31 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 32 M T Bank Corporation Insider Trading Policy 32 Transactions with Directors, Executive Officers and Certain Shareholders 33 Proposal 2 Advisory, Non-Binding Vote to Approve the 2025 Compensation of M T Bank Corporation s Named Executive Officers 35 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 36 Named Executive Officers 36 Overview of M T Bank Corporation 37 2025 Financial Performance Highlights 37 M T s Executive Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 38 2025 Say-on-Pay Vote and Shareholder Outreach 39 Components of Executive Compensation 40 2025 Performance Year Pay Mix 41 Roles and Responsibilities 42 Peer Group 43 Process for Determining 2025 NEO Compensation 44 2025 NEO Compensation Elements 47 Individual Performance Assessments 52 Retirement and Other Benefits 63 Sound Compensation and Governance Practices and Policies 64 Tax Matters 65 Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report 66 Executive Compensation 67 2025 Summary Compensation Table 67 CEO Pay Ratio 68 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 69 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 70 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 73 Pension Benefits 73 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 75 Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control 78 2025 Post-Employment Benefits 78 Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 80 Proposal 3 Approval of the Amendment and Restatement of the M T Bank Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan 84 Proposal 4 Ratification of the Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of M T Bank Corporation for the Year Ending December 31, 2026 98 Independent Public Accountants 99 Fees to Independent Auditors 99 Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 100 Report of the Audit Committee 100 Notice Pursuant to Section 726(d) of the New York Business Corporation Law 101 Other Matters 101 General Information Questions and Answers 102 Appendix A Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures A-1 Appendix B M T Bank Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective as of April 21, 2026) B-1 Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY M T Bank Corporation ( M T, we, our, or the company ) is providing you this proxy statement because its Board of Directors (the Board ) is soliciting your proxy to vote your shares of M T common stock at the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the Annual Meeting ), or any adjournment or adjournments thereof. The proxy materials are first being made available to shareholders of M T on or about March 10, 2026. The Annual Meeting will be held on Tuesday, April 21, 2026. For information on the details of the voting process, how to attend the virtual Annual Meeting and other important procedures, please see the section of this proxy statement titled General Information Questions and Answers starting on page 102. Voting Matters and Board Recommendations Matter: Board Voting Recommendation: For More Information, See: 1. Election of 12 Directors FOR EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE Proposal 1 Election of Directors, page 9. 2. Advisory Approval of 2025 Compensation of Named Executive Officers FOR Proposal 2 Advisory, Non-Binding Vote to Approve the 2025 Compensation of M T Bank Corporation s Named Executive Officers, page 35. 3. Amendment and Restatement of the M T Bank Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan FOR Proposal 3 Amendment and Restatement of the M T Bank Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan, page 84. 4. Ratification of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 FOR Proposal 4 Ratification of the Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of M T Bank Corporation for the Year Ending December 31, 2026, page 98. 1 Table of Contents About Our Company At M T, we connect our customers to the capital, ideas and people they need to thrive because we know that when our communities succeed, we all succeed. Founded in 1856 in Buffalo, New York, we strive to provide strength and peace of mind to our clients in all economic environments thanks to our consistent earnings, strong profitability and financial stability. M T s principal banking subsidiary, M T Bank, creates opportunities for our commercial, business, and retail clients through financial services and personalized customer service across its branch and ATM network. As our company grows, we are expanding on our unique combination of core, specialty and institutional banking services, along with Wilmington Trust s corporate trust, agency services and wealth guidance. A Bank for Communities For more than 165 years, M T has strived to take an active role in our communities and build long- lasting relationships with our customers. We are a bank for communities combining the capabilities of a large bank with the care of a locally focused institution. Our purpose is to make a difference in people s lives and uplift the communities we serve. Local Roots, Big Scale M T is more than a bank. We aim to be a trusted partner offering local bank service and big bank scale. We have the stability and sophistication of one of the largest U.S. banks, but we are grounded in our relationship-driven, community bank model that has made us a dependable engine of local economic development. Strong and Stable We strive to have a resilient balance sheet and strong earnings, and we are growing our size and capabilities so that we can provide more communities with the financial services they need to thrive. We re investing in technology to meet the demands of tomorrow s banking system. As we grow and look to the future, we are committed to grow with purpose to empower us to better serve our communities and to make a difference in people s lives. M T Highlights (as of December 31, 2025) One of the 15 largest U.S.-based, commercial bank holding companies* National capabilities from our suite of specialty businesses and Wilmington Trust More than 22,000 employees More than 900 domestic banking offices Contributed over $54 million to nearly 3,800 nonprofit organizations through charitable foundation grants, community sponsorships and tax credit programs in 2025 $213.5 billion in total assets $166.9 billion in total deposits Total shareholders equity of $29.2 billion 10.84% Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Capital Ratio Net Interest Margin in top quartile of peer group**: 3.67% Net Interest Margin for full year 2025 * Based on total assets, excluding certain non-U.S. bank holding companies and non-commercial banks ** See page 44 of this proxy statement for information on M T s 2025 peer group 2 Table of Contents Proposal 1 Election of Directors M T aims to maintain a highly engaged Board with balanced tenure and substantive expertise that has a diversity of skills and backgrounds necessary to effectively oversee our management team and serve the long-term interests of our company and shareholders. We are asking our shareholders to elect 12 director nominees at the Annual Meeting to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Each nominee is elected annually by the affirmative vote of the majority of votes cast. Director Nominees Name Age (1) Board Tenure (2) Independent Professional Background John P. Barnes 70 4 years Former Chairman and CEO of People s United Financial, Inc. Carlton J. Charles 67 3 years Senior Vice President of Treasury and Risk Management, Hearst Jane Chwick 63 4 years Former Partner and Co-COO of the Technology Division at Goldman Sachs William F. Cruger, Jr. 67 4 years Former Vice Chairman of Investment Banking at J.P. Morgan Chase Co. Leslie V. Godridge 70 5 years Former Vice Chair and Co-Head of Corporate and Commercial Banking for US Bancorp Ren F. Jones 61 8 years Chairman and CEO of M T and M T Bank Richard H. Ledgett, Jr. 68 8 years Former Deputy Director and COO of the National Security Agency Melinda R. Rich 68 17 years Chairman of Rich Products Corporation Denis J. Salamone 72 10 years Former Chairman and CEO of Hudson City Bancorp, Inc. and Hudson City Savings Bank Rudina Seseri 48 5 years Founder and Managing Partner of Glasswing Ventures, LLC Kirk W. Walters 70 4 years Former Senior Executive Vice President of People s United Financial, Inc. Herbert L. Washington 75 30 years President of H.L.W. Fast Track, Inc. (1) As of March 10, 2026. (2) As of the 2026 Annual Meeting (April 21, 2026). 3 Table of Contents Board Composition In discharging its duties to review director nominees, the Nomination and Governance Committee (the N G Committee ) considers the experience, skill set, independence and backgrounds of nominees in the full context of the current composition, needs, and obligations of the Board. A balanced Board composition, supplemented by a thoughtful approach to director refreshment, is a priority. The 12 director nominees represent a range of backgrounds, professions, skills, experiences and communities. The N G Committee believes these complementary skills and experiences produce an effective and highly qualified Board. The N G Committee also believes it is desirable to maintain a mix of experienced, longer-tenured directors who possess deep institutional knowledge along with newer directors who have different areas of expertise, backgrounds and perspectives. Information on the skills, tenure, and independence of the Board, including a Board Skills Matrix, can be found in the Corporate Governance of M T Bank Corporation section of this proxy statement. At the 2026 Annual Meeting, the director nominees range in age from 48 to 75, and the average age is approximately 67. Half of the director nominees have served on the Board for five years or less. The Board unanimously recommends you vote FOR each director nominee standing for election. See Proposal 1 Election of Directors and Corporate Governance of M T Bank Corporation further below for more information on our director nominees as well as Board qualifications, tenure and independence. 4 Table of Contents Corporate Governance Practices The Board is committed to sound and effective corporate governance that conforms to the highest standards of business ethics and integrity, provides robust oversight of management and promotes the long-term interests of our shareholders. The Board and N G Committee each review M T s Corporate Governance Standards annually. The Board regularly reviews other governance practices, industry developments and shareholder feedback to promote continued effectiveness. Below are selected highlights of M T s corporate governance practices. Board Composition and Refreshment Robust Shareholder Rights Engaged Board with balanced tenure and substantial experience Bylaws include proxy access right Strong Board refreshment practices, with more than half the director nominees joining the Board since 2020 All shareholders have the same voting rights Regular refreshment at the committee level Bylaws provide shareholders the ability to call a special meeting Ongoing and formalized director nominee identification and selection process based on needs identified by the Board and N G Committee No super-majority voting requirements under the Bylaws Diverse skills represented, including risk management, cybersecurity, leadership, finance, commercial and retail banking, technology, and corporate governance No poison pill or other anti-takeover devices in effect Board Accountability and Independence Board Effectiveness Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Capital Committee, N G Committee, and Risk Committee comprised entirely of independent directors Corporate Governance Standards and committee charters reviewed and approved annually Majority voting standard for director elections Strong Board leadership in risk oversight and management through Risk Committee and risk governance framework All directors elected annually N G Committee oversight of director orientation and continuing education efforts Conflict of interest policy for directors Annual Board and committee self-evaluations Stock ownership guidelines for directors and executives Independent Board evaluation of CEO performance and compensation through Compensation and Human Capital Committee Pledging and hedging policies for directors and executives Lead independent director role and executive sessions of non-management directors held regularly Directors are subject to over-boarding review Average attendance of directors at Board and committee meetings held in 2025 approximately 96.5% See Corporate Governance of M T Bank Corporation further below in this proxy statement for more information on our corporate governance practices. 5 Table of Contents Proposal 2 Advisory, Non-Binding Vote to Approve the 2025 Compensation of M T Bank Corporation s Named Executive Officers We are asking our shareholders to review and vote, on an advisory basis, on the 2025 compensation of our named executive officers ( NEOs ). As described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement, our executive compensation policies and practices are centered on creating a pay-for- performance culture that drives M T performance, aligns the interests of our executives with the long-term interests of our shareholders and reduces incentives for unnecessary and excessive risk-taking. Executive Compensation Program Our executive compensation program aims to create a culture of pay-for-performance by offering short- and long-term incentive compensation opportunities that reward executives for their individual contributions as well as M T s long-term performance. Compensation Philosophy. Our compensation philosophy is to emphasize long-term equity-based compensation and provide competitive compensation opportunities that will attract and retain executive officers capable of achieving M T s performance objectives. Overseen by the Compensation and Human Capital ( C HC ) Committee, this philosophy allows us to align our compensation with performance by: linking the size of individual equity awards to the NEO s role, responsibilities and prior and anticipated future contributions, as well as to the performance of M T; tying a significant portion of each NEO s ultimate realized compensation to the future value of M T common stock, in alignment with our shareholders; balancing growth with prudent risk taking, including through the C HC Committee s consideration of each NEO s performance with respect to risk management and the use of performance-based stock unit awards that vest in alignment with levels of performance; creating a culture of stock ownership and retention, including through M T s Stock Ownership and Retention Guidelines for Executives, resulting in each NEO having a substantial financial stake tied to the long-term performance of M T and further ensuring our NEOs alignment with shareholders; performing, for each NEO, an annual assessment of the market price of the seat and balancing external data with an executive s experience, role, responsibilities and prior and anticipated future contributions; and assessing short-term performance and awarding variable compensation based on a balanced discretionary assessment of holistic company and individual performance. The following illustrates some important features of our executive compensation program: What We Do: What We Don t Do: Strong alignment between pay and performance Reprice stock options Discourage excessive risk-taking through program design Time equity award grants (i.e., instead, we only grant long-term equity incentive awards on pre-determined dates) Maintain robust Stock Ownership and Retention Guidelines Tax gross-ups (other than in connection with relocation) Retain an independent compensation consultant to advise and support the C HC Committee in its duties Pay dividends on unearned performance units Maintain a compensation forfeiture policy which subjects incentives to risk adjustments Grant excessive severance, pension or other benefits Review share utilization Enter into employment contracts with our executives Annual risk assessment of incentive compensation plans Permit hedging or pledging of M T securities (except in limited circumstances pursuant to prescribed policy) Routinely engage with shareholders and investors Use a peer group to provide perspective on competitive pay levels 6 Table of Contents Total Compensation Pay Mix Our executive compensation program provides for a mix of base salary, short-term cash incentives and long-term equity-based incentives that vest over time in alignment with our compensation philosophy and the objectives cited above. The charts below show the 2025 performance year total compensation pay mix of our CEO and the average of our other NEOs. For this purpose, compensation for the performance year consists of (i) annual base salary as of the end of 2025, (ii) short-term cash incentive ( STI ) paid in 2026 for 2025 performance, and (iii) the long-term equity-based incentive ( LTI ) award (target value) granted in 2026 for 2025 performance. Our LTI award is a mix of performance-vested stock units ( PVSUs ), performance-hurdled stock units ( PHSUs ) and non-qualified stock options ( stock options or NQSOs ). As shown here, 91% of 2025 performance year target pay is at risk for our CEO and, on average, 83% is at risk for our other NEOs. As described in more detail in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement: Annual base salary provides market-competitive, fixed pay reflective of an executive s role, responsibilities and performance. STI provides a discretionary annual incentive opportunity that is reflective of overall bank and individual performance. STI is awarded based on corporate performance, quantitative and qualitative business unit and individual performance, and progress toward strategic initiatives. PHSUs vest ratably at target each year over three years based on achievement of a pre-established performance hurdle for each year. If the performance hurdle is not met for a given year, the portion of the award scheduled to vest for the corresponding year will be forfeited. PVSUs cliff vest after three years based on achievement of the pre-established performance metrics over the three-year performance period, with final payout values ranging from 0% to 150% of target. Stock options align our NEOs interests with those of shareholders by providing value only if M T s stock price increases from the date the stock option award is granted. Stock options vest ratably over three years. The Board unanimously recommends you vote FOR the 2025 compensation of M T s Named Executive Officers. See Proposal 2 Advisory, Non-Binding Vote to Approve the 2025 Compensation of M T Bank Corporation s Named Executive Officers further below in this proxy statement for more information. 7 Table of Contents Proposal 3 Amendment and Restatement of the M T Bank Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan Our 2019 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated from time to time (the Equity Plan ) was most recently amended and restated in 2023, with more than 95% of shareholder votes cast in favor. The Equity Plan was originally adopted in 2019 and allows us to execute our pay-for-performance compensation philosophy by providing equity-based incentive awards to employees, including executive officers, thereby offering pay opportunities that align employee interests with the long-term interests of our shareholders. Under the terms of the Equity Plan, a limited number of shares of our common stock are reserved for these equity-based incentive grants. In February 2026, our Board approved an amendment and restatement of the Equity Plan, subject to the approval of our shareholders at the Annual Meeting. The amendment and restatement of the Equity Plan includes an increase in the number of shares of our common stock available for future awards under the Equity Plan, so that the company can continue to grant equity-based incentive awards. The Board unanimously recommends you vote FOR the approval of the amendment and restatement of the Equity Plan. See Proposal 3 Amendment and Restatement of the M T Bank Corporation 2019 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan further below in this proxy statement for more information. Proposal 4 Ratification of the Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of M T Bank Corporation for the Year Ending December 31, 2026 We are asking shareholders to ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2026. The Audit Committee annually evaluates the qualifications, performance and independence of the independent auditor. As a result of this evaluation, on February 17, 2026, the Audit Committee appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of M T for the year ending December 31, 2026. The Audit Committee and Board believe the continued retention of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is in the best interests of M T and its shareholders. The Board unanimously recommends you vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. See Proposal 4 Ratification of the Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm of M T Bank Corporation for the Year Ending December 31, 2026 further below in this proxy statement for more information. 8 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Upon the recommendation of the N G Committee, the Board recommends the following 12 persons for election as directors of M T, to hold office until the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Each nominee s business experience, including current occupation, occupation held at any time during the past five years, current public company directorships, and public company directorships held at any time during the past five years are provided. Additionally, the experience, qualifications and skills, including education, of each nominee are listed. The information with respect to each nominee is as of March 1, 2026. The information contained in this proxy statement concerning the nominees is based upon statements made or confirmed to M T by or on behalf of such nominees, except to the extent certain information is contained in M T s records. Two current directors, Mr. Gary N. Geisel and Mr. Robert E. Sadler, Jr., are not nominees and their terms will end at the Annual Meeting. The Board would like to thank Mr. Geisel and Mr. Sadler for their decades of service and valuable contributions to M T and the Board. The size of the Board will be reduced and fixed at 12 directors effective as of the Annual Meeting. Mr. Geisel currently serves as the non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board and lead independent director. Mr. Sadler currently serves as Chair of the Risk Committee and Chair of the Executive Committee. By or on the date of the Annual Meeting, the Board will appoint a new non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board and lead independent director, and new Chairs of the Risk Committee and Executive Committee, pursuant to its director succession planning and committee appointment process. The Board believes that the experience, qualifications and skills of each of the director nominees contributes to an effective and well-functioning board providing oversight of M T s business and management. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH OF THE 12 NOMINEES. 9 Table of Contents NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR JOHN P. BARNES Executive Committee Member Risk Committee Member Director since 2022 Mr. Barnes, age 70, is the former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of People s United Financial, Inc. ( People s United ). He served as Chief Executive Officer of People s United from July 2010 until April 2022, when he joined the M T Board upon the closing of M T s acquisition of People s United. He also previously served as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of People s United following its acquisition of Chittenden Corporation in early 2008. He previously served as an Executive Vice President and in multiple other positions at Chittenden Corporation, including heading the Credit Policy and Administration Division. Mr. Barnes is a member of the Risk Committee of the Board. He is also a director of M T s subsidiary, M T Bank, a member of its Risk Committee and Executive Committee. Experience, Skills and Qualifications Mr. Barnes brings extensive banking and finance knowledge, having worked in the financial services industry since 1983, when he joined Chittenden Corporation after five years with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in Boston. He brings exceptional executive and management experience gained through his leadership roles at multiple financial institutions. Mr. Barnes is a graduate of Northeastern University and received a Master of Business Administration from the University of Vermont. CARLTON J. CHARLES Nomination and Governance Committee Member Risk Committee Member Director since 2023 Mr. Charles, age 67, is the Senior Vice President of Treasury and Risk Management at Hearst, a leading global, diversified information, services and media company with operations in 40 countries. Prior to joining Hearst, he was Senior Vice President and Chief Operational Risk Officer at Moody s Corporation. Mr. Charles also serves as the Chair of Level Up Ventures, a venture capital unit within Hearst focused on founders experiencing barriers to accessing capital. He is a member of the Hearst Board of Directors. Mr. Charles also serves on the board of Urban Arts, a non-profit that teaches video game design to kids in high school, creating pathways to college and career. Mr. Charles is also on the board of a newly formed non-profit called the Bronx Community Enterprise Accelerator which helps small businesses in the Bronx by providing capital and access to advisors/mentors to foster their growth. He is a member of the Executive Leadership Council and a governance fellow and certified director from the National Association of Corporate Directors. He is a member of the Risk and Nomination and Governance Committees of the Board. He is also a director of M T s subsidiary, M T Bank and a member of its Risk Committee. Experience, Skills and Qualifications Mr. Charles brings extensive experience and knowledge in corporate finance, risk management, cybersecurity, retail and consumer operations, and corporate governance. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Quantitative Economics and a Master of Public Policy from the State University of New York at Stony Brook and a Master of Business Administration with a concentration in Finance from the University of Chicago (Booth) School of Business. 10 Table of Contents JANE CHWICK Audit Committee Member Director since 2022 Ms. Chwick, age 63, served as a director of People s United from 2017 until April 2022, when she joined the M T Board upon the closing of M T s acquisition of People s United. She previously served as a partner at Goldman Sachs where she had a 30-year career in technology, including most recently as the Co-Chief Operating Officer of the Technology Division. As Co-Chief Operating Officer, Ms. Chwick was responsible for financial business planning, setting the technical strategy and management of an 8,000-person organization within the firm. While at Goldman Sachs, she also served as a member of many governance committees, including the firm s Finance Committee, the firm-wide New Activity Committee and the Technology Risk Committee, and she was Co-Chair of the Technology Division Operating Committee. Ms. Chwick was also the Co-founder and Co-CEO of Trewtec, Inc., providing corporate directors, chief executive officers and chief technology officers with the information to improve their oversight of a company s technology division. She is a director of Voya Financial (NYSE: VOYA) and MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: MKTX). At Voya Financial, she is Chair of the Technology Committee, a member of the Risk Committee, and a member of the Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility Committee. At MarketAxess, she is Chair of the Risk Committee and a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Ms. Chwick is a member of the Audit Committee of the Board. She is also a director of M T s subsidiary, M T Bank, and a member of its Examining Committee. Experience, Skills and Qualifications Ms. Chwick brings extensive technology experience, gained in a global financial services firm, combined with strategic perspective and in-depth knowledge of the financial services industry. She holds an undergraduate degree in Mathematics from Queens College, and a Master of Business Administration with a concentration in quantitative analysis from St. John s University. WILLIAM F. CRUGER, JR. Audit Committee Member Compensation and Human Capital Committee Chair Executive Committee Member Director since 2022 Mr. Cruger, age 67, served as a director of People s United from 2014 until April 2022, when he joined the M T Board upon the closing of M T s acquisition of People s United. Mr. Cruger served as Vice Chairman of Investment Banking at J.P. Morgan Chase Co., a leading global financial services firm, until August 2013. His responsibilities included senior client relationship management and transaction leadership with a primary focus on financial institutions, among other sectors. He was Managing Director, Financial Institutions Group at J.P. Morgan Chase Co. from 1996 until 2011 when he was elevated to the position of Vice Chairman. Mr. Cruger also ran the firm s investment banking practices in Japan from 1991 to 1996, in Latin America from 1989 to 1991, and in Emerging Asia from 1984 to 1988. He is a director of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: MKTX), serving as Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee and a member of the Audit and Finance Committees, and of Virtu Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ: VIRT), serving as Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Risk Committee. Mr. Cruger has also previously served as a director of Archipelago, Capital IQ and Credittrade. He is the Chair of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Board and a member of the Audit Committee of the Board. Mr. Cruger is also a director of M T s subsidiary, M T Bank, and a member of its Examining Committee. Experience, Skills and Qualifications Mr. Cruger has diverse experience in investment banking at a global financial services firm and extensive knowledge of financial institutions and financial markets. His leadership roles as a director of other financial services firms and his international business experience bring critical skills and strategic insight to the Board. Mr. Cruger holds a Bachelor of Arts from Clark University and a Master of Business Administration from Columbia University. 11 Table of Contents LESLIE V. GODRIDGE Nomination and Governance Committee Member Risk Committee Member Director since 2020 Ms. Godridge, age 70, served as Vice Chair and Co-Head of Corporate, Commercial, Commercial Real Estate, Capital Markets, Equipment Leasing Treasury Management for U.S. Bancorp, a member of the Managing Committee, Asset-Liability Committee, Risk Committee, Executive Credit Management Committee and Strategic Investment Committee, and on the boards of the U.S. Bank Foundation and U.S. Bank N.A., roles she held from 2016 until her retirement in 2020. She joined U.S. Bancorp in 2007 as Executive Vice President and Head of National Corporate, Institutional, Special Industries and Global Treasury Management. Previously, Ms. Godridge worked for The Bank of New York for 25 years as a Senior Executive Vice President in a variety of senior managerial roles in Corporate, Special Financial Institutions, culminating as Combined Head of Consumer, Commercial, Private Banking and Asset Management. She was a member of the Executive, ALCO, and Credit Risk Committees and headed the CRA and Fiduciary Committees. Ms. Godridge was recognized for 13 of 14 years from 2005 to 2019 on the American Banker s list of the Most Powerful Women in Banking. She is a director and Audit Committee member of National Integrity Life Insurance Co. and of Gerber Life Insurance Company, subsidiaries of Western Southern Financial Company. Ms. Godridge served as a Trustee and the Treasurer of the Museum of the City of New York for 18 years, and is now Trustee Emerita. She is a director of the Redwood Library Athenaeum in Newport, RI and a corporator of the Newport Hospital affiliated with the Brown University Medical System also in Newport. Ms. Godridge is a member of the Risk Committee as well as the Nomination and Governance Committee of the Board. She is also a director of M T s subsidiary, M T Bank, a member of its Risk Committee and Chair of its Trust and Investment Committee. In addition, Ms. Godridge is an Advisory Member of the Trust and Investment Committees of Wilmington Trust, N.A., a subsidiary of M T, and of Wilmington Trust Company, a subsidiary of M T Bank. Experience, Skills and Qualifications Ms. Godridge brings extensive banking, risk and finance knowledge in the corporate, institutional, consumer and investment businesses with nearly 40 years of experience in the banking industry. She also brings exceptional executive and management experience gained through her senior executive positions at financial institutions. Ms. Godridge holds a Bachelor of Arts from Smith College and a Master of Business Administration from New York University Stern School of Business. REN F. JONES Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Executive Committee Member Director since 2017 Mr. Jones, age 61, has been Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of M T and of M T Bank since December 2017. Mr. Jones served as an Executive Vice President of M T from 2006 to 2017, served as Chief Financial Officer of M T and M T Bank from 2005 to 2016 and as a Vice Chairman of M T Bank from 2014 to 2017. He is a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and Chair of its Audit and Risk Committee and a member of its Management and Budget Committee. Mr. Jones also serves as a director and a member of the Audit Committee of ACV Auctions Inc. (NASDAQ: ACVA). He is Chairman of the Bank Policy Institute after previously serving as Vice Chair. Mr. Jones is a steward for the Council for Inclusive Capitalism, a member of the Board of Trustees of Boston College, a member of the UB Council of the State University of New York at Buffalo, and a member of the Pan-Massachusetts Challenge, Inc., a nonprofit that raises money for adult and pediatric cancer treatment and research. Mr. Jones is a member of the Executive Committees of M T and M T Bank. Experience, Skills and Qualifications Mr. Jones joined M T Bank in 1992 as an Executive Associate and has 30 years of experience in banking. He has served M T Bank in numerous executive and managerial positions in the Finance, Wealth and Institutional Services, Human Resources, Consumer Lending, Mortgage, and Treasury Divisions which have provided him with valuable institutional knowledge. Mr. Jones holds a Bachelor of Science in Management Science from Boston College and a Master of Business Administration with concentrations in Finance, Organization and Markets from the University of Rochester Simon School of Business. 12 Table of Contents RICHARD H. LEDGETT, JR. Risk Committee Member Director since 2017 Mr. Ledgett, age 68, is a private consultant. He served as Deputy Director and Chief Operating Officer of the National Security Agency ( NSA ), the largest intelligence organization in the U.S., from January 2014 until his retirement in April 2017, and worked for the NSA for 29 years. Mr. Ledgett was Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Institute for Defense Analyses, a member of a cyber advisory board of Beazley PLC, as well as a director of Elbit Systems of America. He has served as an instructor and course developer at the National Cryptologic School within the NSA in Washington, D.C. and as an adjunct faculty member at the National Intelligence University in Washington, D.C. Mr. Ledgett is a member of the Risk Committee of the Board. He is also a director of M T s subsidiary, M T Bank, and a member of its Risk Committee. Experience, Skills and Qualifications Mr. Ledgett brings four decades of specialty expertise in the areas of intelligence, cybersecurity and cyber operations. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Psychology from the State University of New York at Albany and a Master of Science in Strategic Intelligence from the Defense Intelligence College. MELINDA R. RICH Executive Committee Member Nomination and Governance Committee Chair Director since 2009 Ms. Rich, age 68, is the Chairman of Rich Holdings Inc., the holding company for international food manufacturer Rich Products Corporation, headquartered in Buffalo, New York, and all Rich family business enterprises worldwide. Prior to her appointment as Chairman in August 2022, Ms. Rich had served as Vice Chairman of Rich Products Corporation since 2006. She is Chair of Rich Products Corporation s Executive Committee and Governance Committee and a member of its Finance and Audit Committee and Compensation and Organization Committee. Ms. Rich is also Chairman of Rich Entertainment Group, which consists of various businesses in the sports, entertainment and restaurant industries. Ms. Rich is a director and member of the Compensation Committee of Weber Inc., a leading manufacturer of outdoor grills and related products, and a director of Grove Entertainment, a production company in New York City. She serves as an Advisor of BDT MSD Partners in Chicago, Illinois, and as a member of the Cleveland Clinic Board of Directors and Cleveland Clinic Technology Committee in Cleveland, Ohio. Ms. Rich is also a director of several charitable foundations, including Rich Family Foundation, DreamCatcher Foundation, Inc. and Cleveland Rock and Roll, Inc./Rock Roll Hall of Fame. She is a former director of Wm. Wrigley, Jr. Company. Ms. Rich is a member of the Executive Committee and Chair of the Nomination and Governance Committee of the Board. She is also a director of M T s subsidiary, M T Bank, and a member of its Executive Committee. Experience, Skills and Qualifications Ms. Rich brings considerable knowledge of executive compensation matters, leadership roles and service to civic and community organizations. She provides a valuable international perspective on public policy, societal and economic issues. Ms. Rich holds a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology and Business from the University of Colorado. She received an Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from the Culinary Institute of America, an Honorary Doctor of Law from D Youville College and Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from Canisius College. 13 Table of Contents DENIS J. SALAMONE Audit Committee Chair Executive Committee Member Director since 2015 Mr. Salamone, age 72, joined the Board upon the closing of M T s acquisition of Hudson City Bancorp, Inc. and Hudson City Savings Bank ( Hudson City ) in 2015. He served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hudson City from September 2014 until November 2015. Mr. Salamone joined Hudson City in 2001 as Senior Executive Vice President and served on its Board of Directors. Between 2002 and 2014, he held several senior executive positions at Hudson City, including President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining Hudson City, Mr. Salamone was an accountant with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for 26 years, 16 years as a partner where he served as the Global Financial Services leader for Audit and Business Advisory Services. He is a member of the American Institute of CPAs and a member of the New York State Society of CPAs. Mr. Salamone serves as Chairman of the Board of Trustees for St. Francis College in Brooklyn Heights, New York, as a trustee of the Ridgewood, New Jersey YMCA, and Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committees of Valley Health System of Ridgewood, New Jersey. He is the Chair of the Audit Committee of the Board. Mr. Salamone is also a director of M T s subsidiary, M T Bank, the Chair of its Examining Committee and a member of its Executive Committee. Experience, Skills and Qualifications Mr. Salamone has more than 40 years of experience in the financial services industry and brings significant accounting skills and knowledge of financial reporting and risk management. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from St. Francis College. RUDINA SESERI Compensation and Human Capital Committee Member Director since 2020 Ms. Seseri, age 48, is the Founder and Managing Partner of Glasswing Ventures, LLC, an early-stage venture capital firm that invests in artificial intelligence and frontier technology companies that provide solutions in the enterprise and cybersecurity markets. Prior to founding Glasswing Ventures in 2015, she was a partner at Fairhaven Capital, a technology venture capital firm, from 2010 to 2015 after serving as an associate since 2007. Ms. Seseri previously served as a Senior Manager in the Corporate Development Group at Microsoft Corporation, where she was responsible for leading acquisitions and investments in companies of strategic importance, and as an investment banker in the Technology Group at Credit Suisse Group AG, leading public market transactions. She was appointed by the Dean of Harvard Business School as an Executive Fellow in 2022, having previously served as Entrepreneur in Residence in the Rock Center at Harvard Business School since 2013. Ms. Seseri serves as a director of MSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc. (NYSE: MSM) and as a member of its Compensation Committee and of its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. She also serves on the boards of several private startup companies. Ms. Seseri is a member of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Board. She is also a director of M T s subsidiary, M T Bank, and a member of its Trust and Investment Committee. In addition, she is an advisory member of the Trust and Investment Committees of Wilmington Trust, N.A., a subsidiary of M T and of Wilmington Trust Company, a subsidiary of M T Bank. Experience, Skills and Qualifications Ms. Seseri brings nearly 20 years of investing and transactional experience, including in building successful technology companies in innovative fields such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, enterprise software, and digital marketing technologies. She has significant knowledge in areas of technology, digital innovation, consumer solutions and strategic planning. Ms. Seseri holds a Bachelor of Arts from Wellesley College and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School. 14 Table of Contents KIRK W. WALTERS Risk Committee Member Director since 2022 Mr. Walters, age 70, previously served as Senior Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategic Planning as well as a director of People s United. He joined the M T Board upon the closing of M T s acquisition of People s United in April 2022. In addition, from 2011 to 2014, Mr. Walters served as Chief Financial Officer of People s United. Prior to joining People s United, he was a Senior Executive Vice President and a director of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. Previously Mr. Walters held various senior executive positions with Chittenden Corporation from 1996 to 2008; Northeast Federal Corporation (including Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer) from 1989 to 1995; and CalFed, Inc. from 1984 to 1989. He began his career with Coopers Lybrand and is a member of the California Society of CPAs. Mr. Walters is also actively involved in several philanthropic activities among which are AngelFlight and ImproveCareNow. Mr. Walters is a member of the Risk Committee of the Board. He is also a director of M T s subsidiary, M T Bank. Experience, Skills and Qualifications Mr. Walters brings substantial banking and financial services industry expertise. He has extensive executive and management experience gained through his leadership roles at various financial institutions. Mr. Walters holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from the University of Southern California. HERBERT L. WASHINGTON Audit Committee Member Compensation and Human Capital Committee Member Director since 1996 Mr. Washington, age 75, is President of H.L.W. Fast Track, Inc., a fast-food restaurant enterprise located in Youngstown, Ohio, which owned and operated McDonald s franchises in Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York from 1980 to 2022. He is a director of the Youngstown, Ohio Chamber of Commerce and of the Big Ten Athletic Advisory Committee. Mr. Washington was appointed as a director of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for a three-year term in 1993. He served as Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Buffalo Branch Board from 1992 to 1993. Mr. Washington is a member of the Audit Committee and Compensation and Human Capital Committee of the Board. He is also a director of M T s subsidiary, M T Bank, and a member of its Examining Committee. Experience, Skills and Qualifications Mr. Washington brings extensive business acumen, valuable entrepreneurial skills as well as human capital, corporate governance and financial regulation experience. He holds a Bachelor of Arts in Education from Michigan State University. 15 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF M T BANK CORPORATION Corporate Governance Standards The Board is committed to sound and effective corporate governance that conforms to the highest standards of business ethics and integrity, provides robust oversight of management, and promotes the long-term interests of our company and shareholders. The Board and the N G Committee each annually evaluate its Corporate Governance Standards in light of best practices and regulatory guidance. These standards address director qualifications and responsibilities, board committees, director compensation and independence, director orientation and continuing education, performance evaluations, director commitments and conflicts of interest, among other items. The Corporate Governance Standards are available on M T s website at ir.mtb.com/corporate-governance. Board Composition and Refreshment Our Corporate Governance Standards provide that the N G Committee, in discharging its duties to review director nominee qualifications, consider business experiences, skill sets, independence and backgrounds in the context of the Board s needs and obligations. In light of these standards, the N G Committee endeavors to identify nominees who possess diverse business experiences, life skills, geographic representation and community involvement. Board Succession and Continuity Process . The Board, acting through the N G Committee, reviews and considers new director candidates and existing members as part of its ongoing succession planning process for Board and committee positions. The N G Committee engages a third-party firm to assist in this process, including with the identification and evaluation of potential future director nominees. Based on contributions and feedback from the N G Committee, other directors, executive management and the third-party firm, a board framework and analysis of the skills, experiences and attributes that M T believes would be beneficial to have represented on the Board and its committees have been developed. This process takes into account the current needs of the Board, future director succession planning needs and M T s business strategy and industry trends. The analysis of desired skills and attributes is leveraged throughout the process in identifying and evaluating Board candidates. This process is also leveraged to consider committee assignments for new and existing members. The Board, through the N G Committee, annually assesses its committee structure, leadership and composition. 16 Table of Contents Experience, Skills and Tenure . M T values a diversity of experiences, skills, perspectives and backgrounds among its Board members. The following page includes a matrix that shows the skills and experiences represented by the nominees. The Board believes it is desirable to maintain a mix of experienced, longer-tenured directors who possess deep institutional knowledge along with newer directors who have different areas of expertise, backgrounds and perspectives. At the 2026 Annual Meeting, the director nominees range in age from 48 to 75, and the average age is approximately 67. Half of the director nominees have served on the Board for five years or less. Board Size. We are asking our shareholders to vote for the election of 12 director nominees. The Board regularly evaluates its size and structure to provide effective oversight and best serve the needs of M T and the interests of our shareholders and stakeholders. As a financial institution, M T faces considerable and changing regulatory, risk management and economic demands that require a substantial commitment on the part of our directors. The size of our Board allows for an appropriate number of directors to be designated to each committee with the skills, experience and time to provide proper and effective oversight. The diversity of viewpoints and skills possessed by members of the Board and each committee also allows for an effective check and balance on proposals from management and other directors. Over-Boarding Policy. The Board also considers the availability of each nominee to fulfill his or her responsibilities as a director. Both the Corporate Governance Standards and the N G Committee Charter require that the Board, through the N G Committee, review a director s ability to continue to serve as a director of M T if he or she wishes to join another public company board and would serve on three or more other public company boards after accepting the invitation. In the case of a director who is also an executive officer of a public company, the N G Committee will conduct such review whenever the director wishes to join another public company board, regardless of the number of other boards on which he or she sits. Each year, the N G Committee receives a report on and reviews the outside board commitments of all director nominees when considering whether to recommend such directors as nominees. 17 Table of Contents Board Skills and Experience. The 12 director nominees represent a range of backgrounds, professions, skills, experiences and communities. The Board believes these complementary skills and experiences produce an effective and highly qualified Board. The skills and experiences below were self-identified by the directors as part of the company s annual director questionnaire process. Board Skills and Experience Matrix SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE CEO Experience Commercial Banking Wealth / Investment Management Customer Experience / Retail Technology / Digital Innovation Cybersecurity Risk Management Corporate Governance Bank Regulatory Finance / Accounting Human Capital Management Board Independence Annually, the Board reviews director independence. Based upon the recommendation of the N G Committee, the Board determined that all of the current members of the Board and nominees at the Annual Meeting, except Mr. Jones, are independent and do not have any material relationships with M T or its subsidiaries. The Board applies the standards of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ), and M T s Corporate Governance Standards in making independence determinations. The Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether a material relationship exists with M T. Material relationships that the Board may consider include commercial, banking, consulting, legal, accounting, industrial, charitable and family relationships. As described below, the NYSE listing standards set forth specific relationships that will automatically bar independence. 18 Table of Contents NYSE Bright-Line Independence Tests. Under the NYSE bright-line tests, each of the following relationships will automatically bar a director from being independent: A director is employed by M T or an immediate family member is an executive officer of M T; A director s (or immediate family member s) receipt of more than $120,000 during any twelve month period in direct compensation from M T (other than director fees and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service not contingent upon continued service, and other than compensation received by an immediate family member who is not an executive officer for service as an employee); A director s (or immediate family member s) affiliation or employment with M T s internal or external auditors; A director (or immediate family member) who has been an executive officer of another company where any executive officer of M T serves or served on that company s compensation committee; or A director employed by (or an immediate family member is an executive officer of) a company that makes payments to, or receives payments from, M T in an amount in excess of the greater of $1 million or 2% of such other company s consolidated gross revenues. An employee-director of M T (or a director with an immediate family member who is an M T executive officer) cannot be independent until three years after the employment relationship ends. The other bright-line tests will bar independence if they existed at any time during the prior three years. In addition, a director must be affirmatively determined by our Board to have no material relationship with M T or its subsidiaries to be considered independent. In making its determination as to the independence of the directors, the Board considered specific transactions, relationships and arrangements with directors and their immediate family members and any such person s business affiliations. Additionally, the Board considers ordinary course banking and financial services transactions provided by M T and its subsidiaries in making its determination as to independence. See the section below titled Transactions with Directors, Executive Officers and Certain Shareholders for more information. Board Leadership Structure Chairman. Mr. Jones was elected as M T s Chairman of the Board and appointed Chief Executive Officer in December 2017. Mr. Jones has been an employee of M T for more than 30 years and has been a member of executive management for over 20 years. The Board believes that, in light of Mr. Jones significant broad- based experience with M T and his leadership tenure with the organization, his service as Chairman continues to be appropriate for the Board as it fosters effective decision making and clear accountability. Lead Independent Director. The Board adheres to M T s Corporate Governance Standards and annually elects a non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board who also serves as the lead independent director. Mr. Geisel has served as the lead independent director since April 2024. As lead independent director, Mr. Geisel presides over the executive sessions of the non-management directors, provides leadership and input into Board operations and governance decisions and may, from time to time, represent the Board in meetings with shareholders or other stakeholders. Mr. Geisel is not a nominee and his Board service will end at the Annual Meeting. By or on the date of the Annual Meeting, the Board will appoint a new non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board and lead independent director pursuant to its normal director succession planning process. 19 Table of Contents Executive Sessions of the Non-Management Directors. The non-management directors meet at regularly scheduled executive sessions without management. Mr. Geisel, Vice Chairman of the Board and the lead independent director, presides at these sessions. In the absence of the lead independent director, the non-management directors determine which director will preside at such sessions. Board Self-Evaluation Process The N G Committee oversees an annual self-evaluation of the Board. Prior to the beginning of the Board s self-evaluation each year, the N G Committee considers possible enhancements to the process, including changes to the evaluation format and the written questionnaire. The written questionnaire, which is provided to each director, covers a range of topics related to Board effectiveness and performance, including questions on Board composition, culture, committee performance, risk management, oversight of corporate strategy, management accountability, and agenda and meeting effectiveness. After completion of the written questionnaire, the full Board, led by the Chair of the N G Committee, reviews the results and holds a self-evaluation discussion. Any points of attention or changes to Board practices are identified, and the Chair of the N G Committee has the opportunity to meet with the Chief Legal Officer or others as necessary to discuss any such follow-up items. In addition to this formal Board self- evaluation process, directors are encouraged to provide feedback at any point during the year. The Chair of the N G Committee also holds one-on-one discussions with individual directors throughout the year to obtain additional feedback on Board effectiveness, composition, practices and performance. Board committees also perform their own self-evaluation process as required in their respective committee charters. Board Continuing Education and Orientation The N G Committee oversees director continuing education and orientation efforts, which are administered by management. Areas of focus for director continuing education and development are identified by the Board and committees through discussion with management as well as in the annual Board self- evaluation. Management will suggest agenda items for Board and committee meetings in order to provide opportunities for continuing education to all directors, and any director may request the inclusion of a particular agenda item in order to facilitate continuing director education. As a result, educational topics are planned throughout the year and presented at meetings of the Board and committees on a regular basis. The presentations are provided by both internal specialists and outside advisors on a range of topics to enhance directors knowledge of areas important to their ability to carry out Board and committee responsibilities. M T also encourages and sponsors director participation in outside learning opportunities, including attendance at conferences and membership in educational associations. Newly-elected directors participate in the company s director orientation program. The director orientation program aims to further acquaint newly elected directors with M T s business and values. The orientation program includes written information and a series of presentations by members of executive leadership, including heads of business lines and key departments, to better familiarize new directors with M T s governance framework, talent and leadership, strategic objectives, risk management practices, regulatory environment, director responsibilities, and other matters. Board s Role in Risk Oversight The Risk Committee assists the Board in its oversight of risk management functions. Management has established the Enterprise Risk Framework ( Risk Framework ) through which M T identifies, assesses, monitors, controls, communicates, and escalates risk in a manner designed to ensure the Risk Committee is provided the transparency necessary to be effective in its oversight responsibilities. 20 Table of Contents The Risk Framework, which is reviewed and approved by the Risk Committee and Board at least annually, represents M T s overall risk management approach, including the policies, processes, controls, and systems, through which the company seeks to manage risk. It provides a common foundation for all employees and officers as well as directors to understand and communicate the types of risks that M T faces in pursuit of its business objectives. M T s Risk Framework includes the following critical elements: The Risk Appetite Statement, reviewed annually by the Board and Risk Committee, articulates the amount and the types of risks that M T is willing to take and those risks that M T seeks to avoid in pursuit of its objectives. The Three Lines of Defense Control Structure, which is intended to clarify roles, responsibilities and accountabilities for decision making, risk taking and control across M T. The Second and Third Lines of Defense provide independent oversight to help ensure thorough and effective identification, assessment, monitoring, and mitigation of risks. The Risk Governance Committees, through a multi-tiered structure, are responsible for overseeing proactive risk identification, developing an aggregated view of risks, and providing a consistent governance methodology across M T. The Risk Governance Committees are management committees predominately chaired by members of our Independent Risk Management teams, and membership spans employees from all Three Lines of Defense. All such committees report up to the Management Risk Committee, which is chaired by the Chief Risk Officer ( CRO ), and serves as the executive level committee responsible for the implementation and oversight of the Risk Framework. Clearly defined roles and responsibilities through the establishment of Risk Management policies and procedures. Risk Reporting, which provides a sustainable mechanism designed to ensure that the Management Risk Committee and the Risk Committee are notified of all material risks and provided an independent assessment of M T s activities by the Second Line of Defense. In addition to the Risk Committee, the Audit Committee plays a key role in risk management oversight through the validation and oversight of our internal controls, policies and procedures to help ensure their effectiveness, as described further below in the description of the Audit Committee. Our C HC Committee also provides oversight of risks associated with M T s compensation programs, as described in more detail below under the heading Incentive Compensation Governance in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. The CRO meets with the Risk Committee at each of its meetings and provides a report at least twice per year to the Audit Committee and at least annually to the C HC Committee. The Board regularly receives reports from the Chair of the Risk Committee and the CRO. The Board also regularly receives reports from the Chair of the Audit Committee. During 2025, the Risk Committee held 14 meetings, including two joint meetings with the Audit Committee. 21 Table of Contents Oversight of Sustainability and Related Matters Board Oversight. The Board is committed to effective oversight of sustainability and related matters. The Board maintains such oversight through its committee structure. N G Committee : The N G Committee serves as a resource to the Board on corporate governance, including governance of sustainability matters, and oversees the company s overall sustainability strategy and policies; Risk Committee : The Risk Committee is responsible for oversight of M T s Risk Framework, which includes the oversight of climate risk; C HC Committee : The C HC Committee reviews M T s human capital and talent management strategies; and Audit Committee : The Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management as necessary key sustainability-related disclosures, including internal procedures and controls related to such disclosures. Management Governance Structure. Board oversight is supported by a management governance structure which includes our Sustainability Committee. The Sustainability Committee oversees M T s sustainability program and management framework, including sustainability-related strategies, goals and targets, and disclosures. The Sustainability Committee is comprised of key executive leaders and reports regularly to the N G Committee. In addition, we have established a Sustainability Working Group comprised of senior leaders from across M T to provide feedback on and promote enterprise alignment of sustainability initiatives. Climate risk is integrated into our Risk Framework with oversight from the Risk Committee. The Climate Risk Working Group was established to aid in the governance and review of oversight of climate risk and is comprised of employees across the company who monitor for climate risks. M T provides more information regarding its sustainability program, priorities and progress in its annual Sustainability Report, which can be found on M T s Investor Relations website at ir.mtb.com . Oversight of Executive Succession Planning The Board, through the C HC Committee, oversees M T s executive management succession planning process, including regular reviews of succession plans for the CEO and other executive officers (including the named executive officers described in this proxy statement). The C HC Committee s review of succession plans goes beyond in-line replacement planning, taking into account the evolving needs of the bank, future capabilities required, and management s preparation of multiple succession options for critical positions. The C HC Committee regularly meets with the CEO, Chief Human Resources Officer, and Chief Talent Officer to review the effectiveness of the bank s performance management, compensation, and succession planning practices. This increases transparency and governance in areas such as pay-for-performance, pay equity, identification of succession risks, and management s efforts to mitigate those risks by preparing future leaders to operate the bank. Talent and executive succession planning is also discussed and reviewed with the full Board and the N G Committee. 22 Table of Contents Board Committees Current Board and Committee Membership (as of March 10, 2026) Director Audit Compensation and Human Capital Executive Nomination and Governance Risk John P. Barnes (1) Carlton J. Charles Jane Chwick William F. Cruger, Jr. (2) Chair Gary N. Geisel (3) Leslie V. Godridge (1) Ren F. Jones (4) Richard H. Ledgett, Jr. Melinda R. Rich Chair Robert E. Sadler, Jr. (1), (5) Chair Chair Denis J. Salamone (2) Chair Rudina Seseri Kirk W. Walters (1) Herbert L. Washington (1) Designated as a risk management expert under Regulation YY of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. (2) Determined to be an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules. (3) Mr. Geisel also serves as the non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board and as lead independent director. Mr. Geisel is not a nominee and his term will end at the Annual Meeting. By or on the date of the Annual Meeting, the Board will appoint a new non-executive Vice Chairman of the Board and lead independent director pursuant to its director succession planning process. (4) Mr. Jones serves as the Chairman of the Board. (5) Mr. Sadler is not a nominee and his term will end at the Annual Meeting. By or on the date of the Annual Meeting, the Board will appoint new Chairs of the Risk Committee and Executive Committee, pursuant to its director succession planning and committee appointment process. Audit Committee The Audit Committee has the authority and responsibility to engage and discharge the independent registered public accounting firm, pre-approve all audit and non-audit services to be provided by such firm, review the plan and results of the auditing engagement, review management s evaluation of the adequacy of M T s system of internal controls over financial reporting, direct and supervise investigations into matters within the scope of its duties, and perform the duties set forth in its written charter and such other duties as are required by applicable laws or SEC rules. The Audit Committee also oversees the appointment and compensation of M T s internal Chief Auditor. In addition, the Audit Committee serves as the Examining Committee for M T Bank and Wilmington Trust, N.A. The current members of the Audit Committee are Ms. Chwick and Messrs. Cruger, Salamone (Chair) and Washington, each of whom served on the Audit Committee throughout 2025. The Audit Committee held 15 meetings in 2025, including two joint meetings with the Risk Committee. The Audit Committee is comprised solely of independent directors who the Board has determined have the requisite financial literacy to serve on the Audit Committee. The Board determined that no member of the Audit Committee has any material relationship with M T that might interfere with the exercise of the member s independent judgment and that each member meets the standards of independence established by the SEC and the NYSE. In addition, the Board has determined that at least one member of the Audit Committee meets the NYSE standard of having accounting or related financial management expertise. The Board, based upon the recommendation of the N G Committee, after reviewing all relevant facts and circumstances, has determined that Mr. Cruger and Mr. Salamone each is an audit committee financial expert under SEC rules. 23 Table of Contents The Audit Committee is governed by a written charter approved by the Board. The Audit Committee Charter is available on M T s website at ir.mtb.com/corporate-governance . Compensation and Human Capital (C HC) Committee The C HC Committee, in accordance with its charter, is responsible for discharging the responsibilities of the Board relating to the compensation of M T s executive officers as well as administering M T s equity compensation plans and awarding grants thereunder. The C HC Committee is also responsible for oversight of M T s human capital and talent management strategies, including executive management succession planning. The C HC Committee recommends to the Board the compensation of directors and reviews and approves the compensation and benefits of executive officers of M T. The C HC Committee is also responsible for reviewing with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) and providing a report recommending to the Board whether such CD A should be included in the proxy statement. The current members of the C HC Committee are Messrs. Cruger (Chair), Geisel and Washington and Ms. Seseri, each of whom served on the C HC Committee throughout 2025. The C HC Committee held nine meetings in 2025, including one joint meeting with the N G Committee. The C HC Committee is comprised solely of independent directors. The Board determined that no member of the C HC Committee has any material relationship with M T that might interfere with the exercise of the member s independent judgment and that each member meets the standards of independence established by the SEC and the NYSE, including for compensation committees. The C HC Committee is governed by a written charter approved by the Board. The C HC Committee Charter is available on M T s website at ir.mtb.com/corporate-governance . Executive Committee The Board has empowered its Executive Committee to act when the Board is not in session, during which time the Executive Committee possesses all of the Board s powers, except as otherwise limited by law. The current members of the Executive Committee are Ms. Rich and Messrs. Barnes, Cruger, Geisel, Jones, Salamone and Sadler (Chair). Messrs. Barnes, Cruger and Salamone joined the Executive Committee in September 2025, joining the other four members who served throughout 2025. The Executive Committee held four meetings in 2025. Mr. Sadler is not a nominee and his term will end at the Annual Meeting. By or on the date of the Annual Meeting, the Board will appoint a new Chair of the Executive Committee, pursuant to its director succession planning and committee appointment process. The Executive Committee is governed by a written charter approved by the Board. Nomination and Governance (N G) Committee The N G Committee assists the Board by identifying candidates for election to the Board and serves as a resource to the Board on corporate governance and sustainability matters. The current members of the N G Committee are Ms. Rich (Chair), Ms. Godridge and Mr. Charles. In 2025, a former director served on the N G Committee until April 2025, at which time Ms. Godridge joined the N G Committee alongside existing members Ms. Rich and Mr. Charles who each served throughout 2025. The N G Committee held five meetings in 2025, including one joint meeting with the C HC Committee. 24 Table of Contents The N G Committee considers nominees for director who are recommended by various persons or entities, including, but not limited to, non-management directors, the Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers of M T, and shareholders. As explained above under the heading Board Composition and Refreshment , in evaluating all nominees for director, including any recommended by shareholders, the N G Committee reviews the qualifications and independence of each potential nominee in light of the composition of the current Board and its various committees. This assessment includes, among other considerations, the potential nominee s qualifications, independence, skills, experience, tenure, potential contribution and the appropriate geographic balance in the context of the needs of the Board and its committees. The N G Committee has engaged a third-party firm to assist with identification and evaluation of potential future director nominees. The N G Committee is comprised solely of independent directors. The Board determined that no member of the N G Committee has any material relationship with M T that might interfere with the exercise of the member s independent judgment and that each member meets the standards of independence established by the SEC and the NYSE. The N G Committee is governed by a written charter approved by the Board. The N G Committee Charter is available on M T s website at ir.mtb.com/corporate-governance . Risk Committee The Risk Committee assists the Board in its oversight of M T s risk management function, including the strategies, policies, procedures and systems established by management to identify, assess, measure and manage the major risks facing M T. In discharging its duties of risk oversight, the Risk Committee provides input to management on risk appetite, risk profile and regulatory requirements and assesses the effectiveness of M T s risk management framework. The Risk Committee also oversees the appointment and compensation of the CRO. See the section of this proxy statement titled Board s Role in Risk Oversight above for more information about the Risk Committee s role in assisting the Board in its oversight of risk management functions. The current members of the Risk Committee are Ms. Godridge and Messrs. Barnes, Charles, Ledgett, Sadler (Chair) and Walters, each of whom served on the Risk Committee throughout 2025. The Risk Committee held 14 meetings in 2025, including two joint meetings with the Audit Committee. Regulation YY promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board ( FRB ), requires that publicly traded bank holding companies such as M T must maintain a risk committee chaired by an independent director and include at least one member meeting the FRB standards of experience in identifying, assessing and managing risk exposures of large, complex financial firms commensurate with the company s structure, risk profile complexity, activities and size (a risk management expert ). The Board, based upon the recommendation of the N G Committee, after reviewing all relevant facts and circumstances, determined that Messrs. Barnes, Sadler and Walters and Ms. Godridge each is a risk management expert. Mr. Sadler is not a nominee and his term will end at the Annual Meeting. By or on the date of the Annual Meeting, the Board will appoint a new independent Chair of the Risk Committee, pursuant to its director succession planning and committee appointment process. The Risk Committee is governed by a written charter approved by the Board. The Risk Committee Charter is available on M T s website at ir.mtb.com/corporate-governance. 25 Table of Contents Board and Committee Attendance The Board held 10 meetings in 2025. Each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board and the total number of meetings held by committees on which the director served. The average attendance of directors at Board and board committee meetings held in 2025 was approximately 96.5%. 96.5% Average attendance of directors at Board and committee meetings in 2025 M T s Corporate Governance Standards encourage all members of the Board to attend its Annual Meeting of Shareholders, absent exigent circumstances. Thirteen out of the fourteen director nominees attended the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on April 15, 2025, which was held virtually. Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics M T makes its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics available to all employees. M T requires all employees to certify that they have read and are familiar with the employee policies and procedures and their content, including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and that they will adhere to such policies and procedures. M T s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to our directors, officers, advisors and employees, as well as to our agents and representatives, including consultants. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires that individuals avoid conflicts of interest, comply with laws and other legal requirements, conduct business in an honest and ethical manner, and otherwise act with integrity and in the best interests of M T. In addition, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics expects individuals to report any observed illegal or unethical behavior and provides a retaliation-free reporting mechanism. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is a guide to help ensure that all individuals live up to the highest ethical standards. M T also maintains a Code of Ethics for CEO and Senior Financial Officers that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and certain other senior financial officers who have primary responsibility for M T s financial reporting and accounting functions. This Code of Ethics supplements our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and is intended to promote honest and ethical conduct, full and accurate financial reporting and compliance with laws, as well as other matters. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Code of Ethics for CEO and Senior Financial Officers are available on M T s website at ir.mtb.com/corporate-governance . In accordance with SEC rules, M T will post on its website or file a Form 8-K to report any amendment to or waiver from any provision in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or Code of Ethics for CEO and Senior Financial Officers that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, or persons performing similar functions. In addition to being available on M T s website at ir.mtb.com/corporate-governance , any shareholder can request copies of M T s Corporate Governance Standards, the charters for each of the Audit Committee, C HC Committee, N G Committee or Risk Committee, as well as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and our Code of Ethics for CEO and Senior Financial Officers. To make a request, shareholders may either mail their request to M T Bank Corporation, Attention: Shareholder Relations, One M T Plaza, Buffalo, New York 14203, or send such request to Shareholder Relations via electronic mail at ir@mtb.com . 26 Table of Contents Communications with the Board Any shareholder or other interested party wishing to communicate with the Board or any individual director may submit his or her written correspondence to M T Bank Corporation s Corporate Secretary, One M T Plaza, Buffalo, New York 14203. The Corporate Secretary will provide the communication, or prepare a summary of the communication, to the appropriate member(s) of the Board, unless the matter is not intended or appropriate for the Board, as provided in M T s Corporate Governance Standards. Majority Voting Standard for Director Elections Pursuant to M T s Amended and Restated Bylaws, in an uncontested election when a quorum is represented, the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast with respect to a director nominee is required for the election of that nominee as a director. If an incumbent director in an uncontested election does not receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast, that director would still be elected, but would be required to tender his or her resignation to the Board. The independent members of the Board would then determine whether or not to accept such resignation, taking into account the recommendation of the N G Committee. The Board will publicly disclose, in a press release or SEC filing, its decision to accept or reject such resignation within 90 days after the certification of the election results. Shareholder Nominations The N G Committee will consider candidates nominated by shareholders who are properly submitted in writing, and in accordance with our Amended and Restated Bylaws, to M T s Corporate Secretary at One M T Plaza, Buffalo, New York 14203 and received no earlier than 150 days and no later than 120 days prior to the anniversary of the date on which M T first mailed its proxy materials for the preceding year s Annual Meeting of Shareholders. For the 2027 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, M T s Corporate Secretary must receive those nominations for consideration no earlier than October 11, 2026 and no later than November 10, 2026. Please refer to the section of this proxy statement titled General Information Questions and Answers for more information on shareholder nominations and proposals. Compensation and Human Capital Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No individual who served as a member of the C HC Committee during 2025 was at any time or formerly an officer or employee of M T or any of its subsidiaries. During 2025, none of M T s executive officers served as a director of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on the C HC Committee, and none of M T s executive officers served as a member of the compensation committee of another entity, one of whose executive officers served as a member of M T s Board or on the C HC Committee. The Board determined that all members of the C HC Committee are independent and have no financial or personal relationships with M T requiring disclosure pursuant to SEC rules (other than director compensation, equity ownership and transactions made in the ordinary course of business with its banking or other operating subsidiaries as described in this proxy statement). 27 Table of Contents Director Compensation The compensation program for our non-employee directors aims to compensate directors in a competitive range compared to peer financial institutions, commensurate with the significant amount of time, effort and expertise required to fulfill director duties. The program also aims to align the interests of our directors with M T s shareholders through the award of an annual Board equity retainer. The director compensation structure provides annual compensation to directors approximately 50 percent in equity and 50 percent in cash (depending upon committee participation) through an annual Board equity retainer and an annual Board cash retainer, as well as annual committee cash retainers for service on Board committees. There are no per meeting fees. Equity Award. The annual Board equity retainer component is granted in the form of restricted stock units having a grant date fair value of $150,000 for the lead independent director and $145,000 for each other non-employee director. For 2025, the restricted stock units were awarded in April 2025, vest on the one-year anniversary of the grant date, and have such other terms as provided in a Directors Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and under the Equity Plan. Cash Fees. Under the annual Board cash retainer component, a cash retainer of $115,000 is paid to the lead independent director and a cash retainer of $100,000 is paid to each other non-employee director. Committee Fees. The following annual cash retainers are also paid to the members of the committees of the Board: An annual cash retainer of $50,000 is paid to the Chair of the Audit Committee, and an annual cash retainer of $20,000 is paid to each other member of the Audit Committee. An annual cash retainer of $30,000 is paid to the Chair of the C HC Committee and an annual cash retainer of $15,000 is paid to each other member of the C HC Committee. An annual cash retainer of $25,000 is paid to the Chair of the Executive Committee, and an annual cash retainer of $15,000 is paid to each other member of the Executive Committee (including directors who serve on the Executive Committee of M T s principal banking subsidiary, M T Bank). An annual cash retainer of $25,000 is paid to the Chair of the N G Committee and an annual cash retainer of $15,000 is paid to each other member of the N G Committee. An annual cash retainer of $60,000 is paid to the Chair of the Risk Committee and an annual cash retainer of $30,000 is paid to each other member of the Risk Committee. In addition, directors who also serve as members of M T Bank s Trust and Investment Committee are paid an annual cash retainer of $12,000, with the Chair paid an annual cash retainer of $15,000. The annual Board and committee cash retainers are paid in quarterly installments, with quarterly payments paid in arrears at the beginning of each calendar quarter for service during the prior quarter. Directors who are salaried officers of M T or its subsidiaries do not receive any compensation for their service as directors or on any committees. 28 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the compensation of directors (who are not salaried officers of M T or its subsidiaries) for fiscal year 2025. 2025 Director Compensation Table Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) ($) Stock Awards (2)(3) ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) John P. Barnes 142,500.00 145,144.80 287,644.80 Robert T. Brady (4) 30,000.00 30,000.00 Carlton J. Charles 142,500.00 145,144.80 287,644.80 Jane Chwick 117,500.00 145,144.80 262,644.80 William F. Cruger, Jr. 150,000.00 145,144.80 295,144.80 T. Jefferson Cunningham III (4) 27,500.00 5,031.00 32,531.00 Gary N. Geisel 145,000.00 154,092.64 299,092.64 Leslie V. Godridge 153,750.00 145,144.80 298,894.80 Richard H. Ledgett, Jr. 127,500.00 145,144.80 272,644.80 Melinda R. Rich 137,500.00 145,144.80 282,644.80 Robert E. Sadler, Jr. 182,500.00 153,194.40 335,694.40 Denis J. Salamone 162,500.00 145,144.80 307,644.80 Rudina Seseri 124,500.00 145,144.80 269,644.80 Kirk W. Walters 130,500.00 145,144.80 275,644.80 Herbert L. Washington 132,500.00 145,144.80 277,644.80 (1) As described on the prior page, cash fees are paid in quarterly installments at the beginning of each calendar quarter for service the prior quarter. (2) The amounts in this column include the annual Board equity retainer granted in April 2025 under the compensation program for our non-employee directors, as described on the prior page. The annual Board equity retainer was granted in the form of restricted stock units under the Equity Plan, which vest on the one-year anniversary of the grant date. The grant date fair value of the annual Board equity retainer is based on the closing price of M T common stock on the NYSE as of the grant date. Grants to directors for the annual Board equity retainer are rounded up to the next whole share. (3) For each of Messrs. Cunningham, Geisel and Sadler, the amount listed in this column also includes the grant date fair value of an annual equity award paid for such director s service on an M T Bank Regional Directors Advisory Council (each, a DAC Award ), which is granted in the form of restricted stock units under the Equity Plan that vest upon grant. The grant date fair value of each annual DAC Award granted in 2025 as included in the column is based on the closing price of M T common stock on the NYSE as of the grant date and is as follows for each director: (i) $5,031.00 for Mr. Cunningham; (ii) $4,024.80 for Mr. Geisel; and (iii) $8,049.60 for Mr. Sadler. (4) Mr. Brady and Mr. Cunningham served on the Board until their term ended at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on April 15, 2025. M T Bank Regional Directors Advisory Council Fees As reflected in the 2025 Director Compensation Table above, Messrs. Cunningham, Geisel and Sadler also received an annual equity award in 2025 for their service on an M T Bank Regional Directors Advisory Council ( DAC ). During 2025, Mr. Cunningham served as Chairman of the DAC of the Hudson Valley Division of M T Bank; Mr. Geisel served as Chairman of the DAC of the Baltimore Division of M T Bank; and Mr. Sadler served as Chairman of the DAC of the Florida Division of M T Bank. The annual equity award for DAC service is granted under the Equity Plan and vests upon grant. The value of each equity award is described in the 2025 Director Compensation Table above. Director Stock Ownership Guidelines Under M T s Corporate Governance Standards, each director is expected to own shares of M T common stock, which includes all beneficially owned shares and unvested restricted stock units, with a value equal to at least five times the amount of the director s annual cash retainer. Each director is expected to meet this ownership guideline by the fifth anniversary of his or her initial 29 Table of Contents election to the Board. Directors who receive no personal compensation for their service are not subject to this guideline. All directors are in compliance with the director stock ownership guidelines (as of February 13, 2026). Stock Ownership Information The tables below set forth direct and indirect ownership of M T s common stock by each of our directors, each of the NEOs, all directors and executive officers as a group, and by each person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of M T s common stock as of February 13, 2026. The tables also show the percentage of M T s outstanding common stock represented by such ownership as of February 13, 2026. For purposes of these tables, beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with the provisions of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ) where, in general, a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of a security if such person has or shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of the security or the power to dispose or to direct the disposition of the security, or if such person has the right to acquire the beneficial ownership of the security within 60 days. Directors and Executive Officers Stock Ownership Name of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Percentage of Class John P. Barnes 15,142 * Carlton J. Charles 2,744 * Jane Chwick 6,330 * William F. Cruger, Jr. 9,191 * Gary N. Geisel 16,465 * Leslie V. Godridge 4,457 * Ren F. Jones 150,069 (1)(2)(3) * Richard H. Ledgett, Jr. 5,271 * Melinda R. Rich 23,333 * Robert E. Sadler, Jr. 85,813 (4) * Denis J. Salamone 52,442 (5) * Rudina Seseri 3,526 * Kirk W. Walters 5,985 (3) * Herbert L. Washington 18,135 (6) * Daryl N. Bible 30,143 (2) * Christopher E. Kay 25,999 (2) * Kevin J. Pearson 121,583 (2)(3) * Peter G. D Arcy 29,686 (2) * Current directors and executive officers as a group (23 persons) common stock ownership 666,071 (2)(3) * * Less than 1% (1) Includes 2,134.4 shares held indirectly by Mr. Jones children. (2) Includes shares subject to options granted under M T s incentive compensation plans, all of which are currently exercisable or are exercisable within 60 days after February 13, 2026: Mr. Jones 20,303 shares; Mr. Bible 6,092 shares; Mr. Kay 16,141 shares; Mr. Pearson 69,983 shares; Mr. D Arcy 16,959 shares; and all directors and executive officers as a group 152,667 shares. Out-of-the-money options are included in the shares presented as beneficially owned to the extent they are currently exercisable within 60 days after February 13, 2026. (3) Includes shares through participation in the M T Bank Corporation Retirement Savings Plan: Mr. Jones 6,074 shares; Mr. Walters 9 shares; Mr. Pearson 3,493 shares; and all directors and executive officers as a group - 9,576 shares. Such individuals retain voting and investment power over their respective shares in the M T Bank Corporation Retirement Savings Plan. 30 Table of Contents (4) includes 18,398 shares owned by the Sadler Family Foundation, a charitable foundation formed by Mr. Sadler. Mr. Sadler is a trustee of the Sadler Family Foundation and holds voting and dispositive power over the shares owned by it. Also includes 17,070 shares owned by a relative and 22,731 shares held in a grantor retained annuity trust of which Mr. Sadler is the trustee. Mr. Sadler disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. (5) Includes shares jointly held with a relative. (6) Includes 500 shares held indirectly with a relative. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to all persons or groups known by M T based on Schedule 13D and Schedule 13G filings to be the beneficial owners of more than 5% of its outstanding common stock as of February 13, 2026, except to the extent indicated otherwise in the footnotes below. Beneficial Owners Holding More Than 5% of M T Bank Corporation s Common Stock Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class (1) The Vanguard Group, Inc. 100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 19,433,884 (2) 13.04% FMR LLC 245 Summer Street Boston, MA 02210 13,300,901.57 (3) 8.93% BlackRock, Inc. 50 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001 13,109,596 (4) 8.80% Wellington Management Group LLP 280 Congress Street Boston, MA 02110 9,894,065 (5) 6.64% (1) Percentage based on the number of shares of M T common stock outstanding as of the close of business on February 13, 2026, which was 149,000,252 shares. (2) Information based on The Vanguard Group, Inc. s ( Vanguard ) most recently filed amended Schedule 13G, which Vanguard filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024, reporting that it is deemed to be the beneficial owner of in excess of 5% of the outstanding shares of M T common stock as of December 31, 2023. Vanguard reported that it has shared voting power with respect to 217,569 of the indicated shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 18,693,530 of the indicated shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 740,354 of the indicated shares. (3) Information based on FMR LLC s most recently filed amended Schedule 13G, which FMR LLC and Abigail P. Johnson filed jointly with the SEC on February 5, 2026, reporting that they were deemed to be the beneficial owner of in excess of 5% of the outstanding shares of M T common stock as of December 31, 2025. FMR LLC reported that it has sole voting power with respect to 9,731,317.92 of the indicated shares and sole dispositive power with respect to all 13,300,901.57 of the indicated shares, which includes shares beneficially owned by certain subsidiaries, and Abigail P. Johnson report that she has sole dispositive power with respect to all 13,300,901.57 of the indicated shares. (4) Information based on BlackRock, Inc. s most recently filed amended Schedule 13G, which Blackrock, Inc. ( Blackrock ) filed with the SEC on January 26, 2024, reporting that it is deemed to be the beneficial owner of in excess of 5% of the outstanding shares of M T common stock as of December 31, 2023. BlackRock reported that it has sole voting power with respect to 11,930,479 of the indicated shares and sole dispositive power with respect to all 13,109,596 of the indicated shares, which includes shares beneficially owned by certain subsidiaries of BlackRock. (5) Information based on Wellington Management Group LLP s most recently filed amended Schedule 13G (the Wellington Schedule 13G ), which Wellington Management Group LLP, Wellington Group Holdings LLP, Wellington Investment Advisors Holdings LLP and Wellington Management Company LLP (collectively, Wellington ) filed jointly with the SEC on May 12, 2025, reporting that they were deemed to be the beneficial owner of in excess of 5% of the outstanding shares of M T common stock as of March 31, 2025. Wellington Management Group LLP, Wellington Group Holdings LLP and Wellington Investment Advisors Holdings LLP reported that they have shared voting power with respect to 9,201,926 of the indicated shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 9,894,065 of the indicated shares. Wellington Management Company LLP reported that it has shared voting power with respect to 9,081,395 of the indicated shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 9,326,851 of the indicated shares. The shares reported on the Wellington Schedule 13G include shares beneficially owned by certain subsidiaries of Wellington M T is the sponsor of a number of employee benefit plans that hold an aggregate of approximately 2,705,171 shares of M T common stock as of February 13, 2026. Its principal banking subsidiary, M T Bank, has sole voting authority over 538,962 of these shares. The remaining 2,166,209 shares of M T common stock are voted by the trustee of the applicable employee benefit plan pursuant to the instructions of the participants in accordance with the terms of each such plan. Certain of the directors and executive officers of M T hold indirect beneficial interests in the holdings of these employee benefit plans. See also footnote 6 to the table set forth above titled Directors and Executive Officers Stock Ownership . 31 Table of Contents Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, M T s directors and certain officers, as well as persons who beneficially own more than 10% of the outstanding shares of M T s common stock, are required to file reports regarding their initial M T stock ownership and subsequent changes to their ownership with the SEC. Based solely on a review of the reports filed for fiscal year 2025 and related written representations from the reporting persons, the company believes that all filings required to be made by its reporting persons were filed on a timely basis, except, in February 2026, Kirk W. Walters filed an amendment to a prior Form 4 filing to correct the number of shares of M T common stock acquired by Mr. Walters. This correction was necessary due to a clerical error. M T Bank Corporation Insider Trading Policy All of M T s directors, officers and employees are subject to M T s Insider Trading Policy, which is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the NYSE listing standards applicable to M T. The Insider Trading Policy prohibits the purchase or sale of M T securities by persons who possess material, nonpublic information, as well as the unauthorized disclosure of such information to others, and also sets forth M T s trading window limitations. In addition, as described below, the Insider Trading Policy sets forth M T s anti-hedging and anti-pledging policies. Anti-Hedging Policy. All directors, officers and employees are prohibited from engaging in any transactions that are designed to hedge or offset a decrease in the market value of M T securities or from engaging in any form of short-term trading in M T securities. Such prohibited short-term trading transactions include those involving exchange-traded options or over-the-counter options, or other derivatives, and short sales, and prohibited hedging transactions include those involving prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars, exchange funds and other derivatives that are designed to hedge. Anti-Pledging Policy. All directors and executive officers are prohibited from holding M T securities in a margin account, borrowing against any account in which M T securities are held or pledging M T securities as collateral for a loan or other indebtedness, except in the following limited circumstances: (1) the director or executive officer may only pledge shares he or she holds in excess of M T s applicable stock ownership and retention guidelines, (2) the director or executive officer must have the financial ability to repay the loan or margin call without resorting to the pledged securities, (3) in the case of an executive officer, prior to any pledging transaction, the executive officer must consult with M T s Chief Legal Officer to confirm compliance with the policy, and (4) any decision by a director to engage in a pledging transaction must be reported to the N G Committee and the Chairman of the Board, and any decision by an executive officer to engage in pledging must be reported to the N G Committee and the Chief Executive Officer. 32 Table of Contents Transactions with Directors, Executive Officers and Certain Shareholders Directors and executive officers of M T and their immediate family members and affiliated entities are, and have been, customers of, and have had transactions with the banking and other operating subsidiaries of M T, and additional transactions may be expected to take place in the future between such persons and M T s subsidiaries. As described in Board Independence under the section of this proxy statement titled Corporate Governance of M T Bank Corporation , the Board reviews such related party or affiliate transactions in its review and assessment of director independence. Additionally, these transactions are subject to M T s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. See Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics under the section of this proxy statement titled Corporate Governance of M T Bank Corporation above for more information. Regulation O Policies and Procedures. Any financial services provided to directors, executive officers and their immediate family members and affiliated entities are offere