=== MTB_2026-02-18.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Risk Factors Summary Market Risk • Weakness in the economy, or fluctuations in market factors, has adversely affected the Company in the past and may adversely affect the Company in the future. • The Company’s business and financial performance is impacted significantly by market interest rates and movements in those rates. The monetary and other related policies of governmental agencies, including the Federal Reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance over which the Company has no control and which the Company may not be able to anticipate adequately. • The Company is routinely subject to examinations from various governmental taxing authorities that may result in challenges to the Company’s tax return treatment. • The Company’s business and performance is vulnerable to the impact of volatility in debt and equity markets. • The Company’s regional concentrations expose it to adverse economic conditions in its primary retail banking office footprint. • The discontinuation of benchmark rates as permissible rate indices in new contracts and the development of alternative benchmark indices to replace discontinued benchmarks could adversely impact the Company’s business and results of operations. Risks Relating to Compliance and the Regulatory Environment • The Company is subject to extensive government regulation and supervision and this regulatory environment can be and has been significantly impacted by financial regulatory reform initiatives. • The Company may be subject to more stringent capital and liquidity requirements. • M&T’s ability to return capital to shareholders and to pay dividends on common stock may be adversely affected by market and other factors outside of its control and will depend, in part, on the results of supervisory stress tests administered by the Federal Reserve. • If an orderly liquidation of a systemically important BHC or non-bank financial company were triggered, M&T could face assessments for the OLF. Credit Risk • Deteriorating credit quality could adversely impact the Company. • The Company may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. Liquidity Risk • The Company must maintain adequate sources of funding and liquidity. • If the Company is unable to maintain or grow its deposits, it may be subject to paying higher funding costs. • M&T relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for its liquidity. Strategic Risk • The financial services industry is highly competitive and creates competitive pressures that could adversely affect the Company’s revenue and profitability. • Difficulties in obtaining regulatory approval for acquisitions and in combining the operations of acquired entities with the Company’s own operations may prevent M&T from achieving expected benefits from acquisitions. • The Company could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled personnel. 22 Operational Risk • The Company is subject to operational risk which could adversely affect the Company’s business and reputation and create material legal and financial exposure. • The Company’s information systems may experience interruptions or breaches in security, such as cyber attacks, including due to events beyond the Company’s control. • The Company could incur higher costs, experience lower revenue, and suffer reputational damage in the event of the theft, loss or misuse of information, including due to a cyber attack. • The Company is subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy of the information of customers, clients, employees or others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose the Company to liability and/or reputational damage. • M&T relies on other companies to provide key components of the Company’s business infrastructure. • The development and use of AI, including by third parties, presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact M&T. • The Company is or may become involved from time to time in suits, legal proceedings, information-gathering requests, investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies that may lead to adverse consequences. Business Risk • Changes in accounting standards could impact the Company’s reported financial condition and results of operations. • The Company’s reported financial condition and results of operations depend on management’s selection of accounting methods and require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain. • The Company’s models used for business planning purposes could perform poorly or provide inadequate information. • The Company's reputation may be harmed, which could negatively impact investor and customer confidence. • The Company’s framework for managing risks may not be effective. • Pandemics, acts of war or terrorism and other adverse external events could significantly impact the Company’s business. • The Company’s assets, communities, operations, reputation and customers could be adversely affected by the impacts of climate-related risk. Risk Factors M&T and its subsidiaries face a number of potential risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a financial institution, certain risk elements are inherent in the ordinary course of the Company’s business activities and adverse experience with those risks could have a material impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as on the values of the Company’s financial instruments and M&T’s debt and equity securities, including its common stock. The following risk factors set forth some of the risks that could materially and adversely impact the Company, although there may be additional risks that are not presently material or known that may adversely affect the Company. 23 Market Risk Weakness in the economy, or fluctuations in market factors, has adversely affected the Company in the past and may adversely affect the Company in the future. Poor business and economic conditions in general or specifically in markets served by the Company could have adverse effects on the Company’s business including: • A decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by the Company. • A decrease in net interest income derived from the Company’s lending and deposit gathering activities. • A decrease in the value of the Company’s investment securities, loans held for sale or other assets secured by residential or commercial real estate. • A decrease in fees from the Company’s brokerage, trust, and investment management businesses associated with declines or lack of growth in stock market prices. • Potential higher FDIC assessments due to the DIF falling below minimum required levels or special FDIC assessments relating to the failure of specific banks. • An impairment of certain intangible assets, such as goodwill. • An increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws or default on their loans or other obligations to the Company. An increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults could result in higher levels of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs, provision for credit losses as well as impairment write-downs of certain investment securities and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. • A decrease in the value of the collateral securing the Company's loans. If recessionary economic conditions develop, they would likely have a negative financial impact across the financial services industry, including on the Company. If recessionary economic conditions are more severe, the extent of the negative impact on the Company’s business and financial performance can increase and be more severe, including the adverse effects listed above and discussed throughout this "Risk Factors" section. In recent years, there have been significant changes in rates of inflation and interest rates. Volatility and uncertainty related to inflation and the effects of inflation, including potential volatility in interest rates, could lead to increased costs for businesses and consumers and potentially contribute to poor business and economic conditions generally, which could also enhance or contribute to some of the risks discussed herein. For example, higher inflation, or volatility and uncertainty related to inflation, could reduce demand for the Company’s products, adversely affect the creditworthiness of the Company’s borrowers, result in lower values for the Company’s investment securities and other interest-earning assets and increase expense related to talent acquisition and retention. Additionally, economic conditions, financial markets and inflationary pressures may be adversely affected by the impact of current or anticipated geopolitical uncertainties; military conflicts; political uncertainty in the U.S.; potential changes to federal taxation rates; the impact of international trade policies, including tariffs; pandemics; and global, national and local responses thereto by governmental authorities and other third parties. These unpredictable events could create, increase or prolong economic and financial disruptions and volatility that adversely affects the Company’s business, financial condition, capital and results of operations. Concern regarding the ability of Congress to reach agreement on federal budgetary matters (including the debt ceiling), or total or partial governmental shutdowns, also can adversely affect the economy and increase the risk of economic instability or market volatility, which could have adverse consequences on the Company's business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 24 The Company’s business and financial performance is impacted significantly by market interest rates and movements in those rates. The monetary and other related policies of governmental agencies, including the Federal Reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance over which the Company has no control and which the Company may not be able to anticipate adequately. The Federal Reserve, through the FOMC, may raise or lower interest rates in response to economic conditions, particularly inflationary pressures and unemployment statistics. The FOMC increased the federal funds target interest rate through several hikes during 2022 and 2023 and held that interest rate at the elevated level until it began decreasing the federal funds target interest rate in September through December 2024. The FOMC then maintained the target interest rate in 2025, before decreasing it in each of September, October and December 2025. As a result of the high percentage of the Company’s assets and liabilities that are in the form of interest-bearing or interest-related instruments, changes in interest rates, including in the shape of the yield curve or in spreads between different market interest rates, as well as changes linked to inflation, can have a material effect on the Company’s business and profitability and the value of the Company’s assets and liabilities. For example, changes in interest rates or interest rate spreads may: • Affect the difference between the interest that the Company earns on assets and the interest that the Company pays on liabilities, which impacts the Company’s overall net interest income and profitability. • Adversely affect the ability of borrowers to meet obligations under variable or adjustable-rate loans and other debt instruments (including due to an inability to refinance loans), which, in turn, affects the Company’s loss rates on those assets. • Decrease the demand for interest rate-based products and services, including loans and deposits. • Affect the Company’s ability to hedge various forms of market and interest rate risk and may decrease the profitability or protection or increase the risk or cost associated with such hedges. • Affect mortgage prepayment speeds and result in the impairment of capitalized mortgage loan servicing assets, reduce the value of loans held for sale and increase the volatility of mortgage banking revenues, potentially adversely affecting the Company’s results of operations. The monetary and other related policies of the government and its agencies, including the Federal Reserve, have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance. These governmental policies can thus affect the activities and results of operations of banking organizations such as the Company. An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the national supply of bank credit and certain interest rates. The actions of the Federal Reserve influence the rates of interest that the Company charges on loans and that the Company pays on borrowings and interest-bearing deposits and can also affect the value of the Company’s on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments. The Company is routinely subject to examinations from various governmental taxing authorities that may result in challenges to the Company’s tax return treatment. The Company is routinely subject to examinations from various governmental taxing authorities. Such examinations may result in challenges to the tax return treatment applied by the Company to specific transactions. Management believes that the assumptions and judgment used to record tax-related assets or liabilities have been appropriate. Should tax laws change or the tax authorities' interpretations of tax laws and regulations differ from management’s assumptions or interpretations, 25 the result and adjustments required could have a material effect on the Company’s results of operations. M&T cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary, tax and other policies or the effect that they may have on the Company’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. The Company’s business and performance is vulnerable to the impact of volatility in debt and equity markets. As most of the Company’s assets and liabilities are financial in nature, the Company’s performance is sensitive to the performance of the financial markets. Turmoil and volatility in U.S. and global financial markets can be a major contributory factor to overall weak economic conditions, leading to some of the risks discussed herein, including the impaired ability of borrowers and other counterparties to meet obligations to the Company. Financial market volatility may: • Affect the value or liquidity of the Company’s on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments. • Affect the value of capitalized servicing assets. • Affect M&T’s ability to access capital markets to raise funds. Inability to access capital markets if needed, at cost effective rates, could adversely affect the Company’s liquidity and results of operations. • Affect the value of the assets that the Company manages or otherwise administers or services for others. Although the Company is not directly impacted by changes in the value of such assets, decreases in the value of those assets would affect related fee income and could result in decreased demand for the Company’s services. • Impact the nature, profitability or risk profile of the financial transactions in which the Company engages. Volatility in the markets for real estate and other assets commonly securing financial products has been and may continue to be a significant contributor to overall volatility in financial markets. In addition, unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by supply chain disruptions, the imposition of tariffs or other limitations on international trade, travel and immigration, as well as elevated inflation, which can result in market volatility, negatively impact client activity, and adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. The Company’s regional concentrations expose it to adverse economic conditions in its primary retail banking office footprint. The Company’s core banking business is largely concentrated within the Company’s retail banking office network footprint, located principally in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions. Therefore, the Company is, or in the future may be, particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions, as well as events particularly affecting those regions. The credit quality of the Company’s borrowers may deteriorate for reasons that are outside the Company’s control, including prevailing economic and market conditions and asset valuations. The trends and risks affecting borrower credit quality, particularly in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions, have caused, and in the future may cause, the Company to experience impairment charges, which are reductions in the recoverable value of an asset, and higher costs (e.g. servicing, foreclosure, property maintenance), each of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 26 The discontinuation of benchmark rates as permissible rate indices in new contracts and the development of alternative benchmark indices to replace discontinued benchmarks could adversely impact the Company’s business and results of operations. The Company’s floating-rate funding, certain hedging transactions and a significant portion of the Company’s products, such as floating-rate loans and mortgages, determine the applicable interest rate or payment amount by reference to a benchmark rate or to an alternative index. In the past, the regulators and administrators of certain benchmark rates have determined to cease publication of those rates, and they may do so again in the future with respect to other benchmark rates the Company utilizes. Any cessation of a benchmark rate and resulting transition to a successor benchmark would be complex and unpredictable, giving rise to a variety of risks, including operational risks, risks of value transfer between contract parties, the potential for customer disputes and litigation, as well as regulatory scrutiny. Risks Relating to Compliance and the Regulatory Environment The Company is subject to extensive government regulation and supervision and this regulatory environment can be and has been significantly impacted by financial regulatory reform initiatives. The Company is subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect consumers, depositors and the financial system as a whole, not securities holders, including the holders of common stock. These regulations and supervisory guidance affect the Company’s sale and lending practices, capital structure, capital distributions and dividend policy, investment practices, growth and expansionary activity, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies, or to meet supervisory expectations, could result in civil or criminal penalties, including monetary penalties, the loss of FDIC insurance, the revocation of a banking charter, other sanctions by regulatory agencies, such as restrictions on growth, and/or reputational damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Following the failures of certain banks in 2023, banking regulators proposed changes, or indicated the potential for changes, regarding the regulation and supervision of banking organizations, in particular those, such as M&T, with $100 billion or more in assets. States and state regulatory authorities may also revise their regulatory and supervisory frameworks, or increase investigative and enforcement activity, in response to changes in regulation, supervision and enforcement by federal regulators. The introduction of new or more stringent regulatory requirements, as well as further heightening of supervisory expectations, could require the Company to maintain additional capital or liquidity or incur significant expenses. Government authorities, including the bank regulatory agencies, can pursue aggressive enforcement actions with respect to compliance and other legal matters involving financial activities, which heightens the risks associated with actual and perceived compliance failures and may also adversely affect the Company’s ability to enter into certain transactions or engage in certain activities, or obtain necessary regulatory approvals in connection therewith. In general, the amounts paid by financial institutions in settlement of proceedings or investigations have increased substantially and are likely to remain elevated. In some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas or admissions of wrongdoing as part of such settlements, which could have significant collateral consequences for a financial institution, including loss of customers, restrictions on the ability to access the capital markets, and the inability to operate certain businesses or offer certain products for a period of time. In addition, enforcement matters could impact the Company’s supervisory and CRA ratings, which may in turn restrict or limit the Company’s activities. A prior enforcement action also increases the risk that regulators and governmental authorities pursue formal 27 enforcement actions in connection with the resolution of an inquiry or investigation, even if unrelated to the prior enforcement action. Any new regulatory requirements, changes to existing requirements, or changes to interpretations of requirements could require changes to the Company’s businesses, result in increased compliance costs and affect the profitability of such businesses. Additionally, such activity could affect the behaviors of third parties with which the Company deals in the ordinary course of business, such as rating agencies, insurance companies and investors. Litigation challenging actions or regulations by Federal or state authorities could, depending on the outcome, significantly affect the regulatory and supervisory framework affecting the Company’s operations. For example, there is litigation pending to challenge the Federal Reserve’s regulation on permissible interchange fees on the grounds that the regulations allow higher interchange fees than permitted by statute, which, if successful, could significantly and adversely affect the fees banks can charge on debit card transactions. In August 2025, a district court ruled against the Federal Reserve and vacated the regulation, but its order is stayed pending appeal to the circuit court. Heightened regulatory scrutiny, requirements or expectations could have significant effects on the Company, including through restrictions on growth or required remediation activities and associated resource requirements, and, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. For more information on the regulations to which the Company is subject and recent initiatives to reform financial institution regulation, see Part I, Item 1, "Business." The Company may be subject to more stringent capital and liquidity requirements. BHCs, including M&T, are subject to capital and liquidity requirements and standards imposed as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act (as amended by EGRRCPA) and the U.S. Basel III-based capital rules. For additional information, see "Capital Requirements" under Part I, Item 1, "Business." Regulators have implemented and may, from time to time, implement changes to these regulatory capital adequacy and liquidity requirements. If the Company fails to meet these minimum capital adequacy and liquidity requirements and other regulatory requirements, its business activities, including lending, and its ability to expand, either organically or through acquisitions, could be limited. It could also result in M&T being required to take steps to increase its regulatory capital that may be dilutive to shareholders or limit its ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders, or sell or refrain from acquiring assets. In addition, the liquidity-related provisions of the Federal Reserve’s liquidity-related enhanced prudential supervision requirements may reduce the Company’s ability to invest in other longer-term assets even if deemed more desirable from a balance sheet management perspective, which could adversely affect its net interest income and net interest margin. A determination by the Federal Reserve that M&T does not meet supervisory expectations regarding capital planning or liquidity risk management could have a variety of adverse consequences, including ratings downgrades, heightened supervisory scrutiny, expenses associated with remediation activities and potentially an enforcement action. See "Capital Requirements" and "Resolution Planning and Resolution-Related Requirements" under Part I, Item 1, "Business" for information regarding the federal banking regulators’ July 2023 proposal implementing revisions to the Basel capital framework and August 2023 long-term debt proposal. The long-term debt proposal, if adopted, would require the Company to maintain more long-term debt than it does currently, which would likely adversely affect interest expense, net interest income and net interest margin. 28 M&T’s ability to return capital to shareholders and to pay dividends on common stock may be adversely affected by market and other factors outside of its control and will depend, in part, on the results of supervisory stress tests administered by the Federal Reserve. Any decision by M&T to return capital to shareholders, whether through a common stock dividend or a common stock share repurchase program, requires the approval of M&T’s Board of Directors and must comply with applicable capital regulations, including the maintenance of capital ratios exceeding specified minimum levels and applicable buffers. Under the Tailoring Rules, for BHCs designated as Category IV institutions, including M&T, the Federal Reserve conducts biennial supervisory stress tests required under the Dodd-Frank Act whereby the BHC’s financial position is tested under assumed severely adverse economic conditions. The results of those stress tests are incorporated in the determination of M&T’s SCB. As a general matter, if M&T is unable to maintain capital in excess of regulatory minimum levels inclusive of its SCB, it would be subject to limitations on its ability to make capital distributions, including paying dividends and repurchasing stock. At December 31, 2025 M&T's SCB was 2.7%. The results of future supervisory stress tests and the impact of proposed revisions to capital requirements upon the stress testing framework are uncertain, and a more severe outcome may result in a higher SCB and an increase in M&T’s effective capital requirements. An increased SCB may restrict M&T’s ability to return capital to shareholders, including through paying dividends, entering into acquisitions or repurchasing its common stock, which in turn could negatively impact market and investor perceptions of M&T. The Federal Reserve has in the past implemented, and may in the future implement, restrictions on share repurchase programs and common stock dividends at large BHCs such as M&T, including in response to adverse or uncertain economic conditions. If an orderly liquidation of a systemically important BHC or non-bank financial company were triggered, M&T could face assessments for the OLF. The Dodd-Frank Act created a mechanism, the OLF, for liquidation of systemically important BHCs and non-bank financial companies. The OLF is administered by the FDIC and is based on the FDIC’s bank resolution model. The Secretary of the U.S. Treasury may trigger a liquidation under this authority after consultation with the President of the U.S. and after receiving a recommendation from the boards of the FDIC and the Federal Reserve upon a two-thirds vote. Liquidation proceedings will be funded by the OLF, which will borrow from the U.S. Treasury and impose risk-based assessments on covered financial companies. Risk-based assessments would be first made on entities that received more in the resolution than they would have received in the liquidation to the extent of such excess, and second, if necessary, on, among others, BHCs with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, such as M&T. Any such assessments may adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Credit Risk Deteriorating credit quality could adversely impact the Company. As a lender, the Company is exposed to the risk that customers will be unable to repay their loans and other obligations in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements, and that any collateral securing the loans and obligations may be insufficient to assure full repayment. Credit losses are inherent in the business of making loans and entering into other financial arrangements. Factors that influence the Company’s credit loss experience include: (i) overall economic conditions affecting businesses and consumers, generally; (ii) the impact of commercial and residential real estate values on loans to real estate builders and developers and other loans secured by such real estate; (iii) the concentration of commercial real estate loans in the Company’s loan 29 portfolio, including construction loans, loans secured by office, retail, health services, hospitality and multifamily properties and loans secured by property in the New York City and certain other large metropolitan areas; (iv) the concentration of commercial and industrial loans to businesses in the Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the U.S.; (v) the repayment performance associated with first and second lien loans secured by residential real estate; and (vi) the size of the Company’s portfolio of loans to i

=== MTB_2026-05-05.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. There have been no material changes in risk factors relating to the Company to those disclosed in response to Part I, Item 1A of M&T's 2025 Annual Report. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. (a) – (b) Not applicable. (c) Issuer Purchases of Common Equity Securities (Dollars in millions, except per share) Total Number of Common Shares (or Units) Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Common Share (or Unit) (b) Total Number of Common Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Common Shares (or Units) that may yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (c) January 1 - January 31, 2026 1,616,691 $ 219.68 1,580,419 $ 995 February 1 - February 28, 2026 3,161,876 231.29 3,124,792 272 March 1 - March 31, 2026 825,602 217.71 825,203 5,000 Total 5,604,169 225.94 5,530,414 __________________________________________________________________________________ (a) The total number of shares purchased during the periods indicated includes shares purchased as part of publicly announced programs and/or shares deemed to have been received from employees who exercised stock options by attesting to previously acquired common shares in satisfaction of the exercise price, as is permitted under M&T’s stock-based compensation plans. (b) Inclusive of share repurchase excise tax of 1%. (c) On March 30, 2026, M&T's Board of Directors authorized a program under which $5.0 billion of common shares may be repurchased with the exact number, timing, price and terms of such repurchases to be determined at the discretion of management and subject to all regulatory limitations. The authorization replaced and terminated, effective March 30, 2026, the prior $4.0 billion share repurchase program authorized by M&T's Board of Directors in January 2025. On February 1, 2026 M&T redeemed all 40,000 outstanding shares of its Perpetual Fixed Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock Series G for $400 million. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. - 82 - Item 5. Other Information. (a) – (b) Not applicable. (c) The following provides a description of Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act) adopted during the three months ended March 31, 2026, by any director or executive officer who is subject to the filing requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act: On March 5, 2026 , Kevin J. Pearson , Vice Chairman , adopted a trading arrangement intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c). The arrangement will terminate on or before January 29, 2027 . Under the arrangement, a maximum aggregate number of 6,000 shares may be sold and a maximum aggregate number of 23,358 vested stock options may be exercised and sold. Transactions under the trading arrangement will not commence until completion of the required cooling off period under Rule 10b5-1. On March 6, 2026 , Tracy S. Woodrow , Senior Executive Vice President , adopted a trading arrangement intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c). The arrangement will terminate on or before February 26, 2027 . Under the arrangement, a maximum aggregate number of 881 vested stock options may be exercised and sold. Transactions under the trading arrangement will not commence until completion of the required cooling off period under Rule 10b5-1. No executive officers and no directors terminated or modified a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement in the three months ended March 31, 2026. Certain executive officers and directors have made elections to participate in, and are participating in, the Company's tax-qualified 401(k) plan and nonqualified deferred compensation plans, or have made, and may from time to time make, elections to reinvest dividends in M&T common stock, or have shares withheld to cover withholding taxes upon the vesting of equity awards or to pay the exercise price of options, each of which may be designed to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or may constitute non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). Item 6. Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed as a part of this report. Exhibit No. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under 18 U.S.C. §1350 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under 18 U.S.C. §1350 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Filed herewith. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. Filed herewith. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents. Filed herewith. 104 The cover page from M&T's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 has been formatted in Inline XBRL. - 83 - Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. M&T BANK CORPORATION Date: May 5, 2026 By: /s/ Daryl N. Bible Daryl N. Bible Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer - 84 - 