=== ZBRA_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this report for further discussion of issues that could affect the Company s future results. We undertake no obligation, other than as may be required by law, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances, or any other reason after the date of this report. Item 1. Business The Company We are a global leader in the Automatic Identification and Data Capture ( AIDC ) industry. The AIDC market consists of mobile computing, data capture, radio frequency identification devices ( RFID ), thermal barcode printing, and other workflow automation products and services. The Company s products, services, and software solutions ( offerings ) are proven to help our customers and end-users digitize and automate their workflows to achieve their critical business objectives, including improved productivity and operational efficiency, optimized regulatory compliance, and better customer experiences. We design, manufacture, and sell a broad range of AIDC offerings, including: mobile computers, barcode scanners and imagers, RFID readers, specialty printers for barcode labeling and personal identification, real-time location systems ( RTLS ), related accessories and supplies, such as labels and other consumables, and related software applications. We also provide 4 Table of Contents machine vision and self-serve touchscreen solutions; a full range of services, including maintenance, technical support, repair, managed and professional services; as well as cloud-based software subscriptions. End-users of our offerings include those in retail and e-commerce, manufacturing, transportation and logistics, healthcare, hospitality, public sector, and other industries. We operate in 129 facilities with approximately 10,700 employees worldwide. We provide our offerings globally through a direct sales force and an extensive network of over 10,000 channel partners, operating in 179 countries. We continue to evolve and advance our vision: frontline operations everywhere are digitized, automated and intelligent. Through continual innovation, we have expanded beyond the traditional AIDC market to transform activities such as factory production, packages moving through a supply chain, retail shopping, the hospital patient journey, restaurant self-service, and first responders addressing public safety and emergency situations. Data from enterprise assets, including status, condition, location, utilization, and preferences, is analyzed in the cloud to provide prioritized actionable insights and optimize activities. The need to transform workflows is being driven by secular trends in technology, which include the creation of digital twins, cloud-based data analytics, automation, mobility, computer vision, artificial intelligence and machine learning. This transformation is powered by the proliferation of smart, connected devices that exchange an increasingly broad set of information in real time, enabling intelligent and responsive physical environments. The continued rapid growth of mobile computing devices and application software is also significantly expanding use cases throughout enterprises and supply chains. With these expanded capabilities, end-users can consume and act upon dynamic enterprise data and information anytime and anywhere. Additionally, artificial intelligence is further streamlining frontline workflows by providing insights and delivering actions using on-device vision, audio, location and RFID to automate parts of traditional workflows. Leveraging a combination of on-device and cloud-based AI, smart context-aware software companions are beginning to augment worker productivity, providing real-time assistance to get work done more quickly and accurately. Additionally, computer and machine vision technology, which enables the automatic extraction and understanding of useful information from a digital image or video, provides a key element in many of our offerings. Operations and Technologies In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company s reportable segments changed to Connected Frontline ( CF ) and Asset Visibility and Automation ( AVA ). The CF segment consists of our mobile computing products, and related services and software-based offerings that were formerly part of our Enterprise Visibility Mobility ( EVM ) segment. The AVA segment consists of our barcode and card printing products and related supplies and sensors, RFID and RTLS offerings, and related services that collectively represented our former Asset Intelligence Tracking ( AIT ) segment, as well as our data capture, and machine vision offerings and related services that were formerly part of our EVM segment. This change aligns with how we are operating our business to advance our strategy. Acquisitions Elo: On September 30, 2025, the Company acquired Elo Holdings, Inc. ( Elo ) for $1,303 million in cash, net of Elo s cash on-hand. Elo is an innovator of solutions that engage customers, enhance self-service, and accelerate automation across a wide range of end markets. Through its acquisition, the Company expanded its portfolio of self-service and consumer-facing workflow offerings. The operating results of Elo are included in the CF segment. Photoneo : On February 28, 2025, the Company acquired Photoneo for $62 million in cash, net of Photoneo s cash on-hand. Photoneo is a leading developer and manufacturer of 3D machine vision offerings. Through its acquisition, the Company expanded its machine vision offerings across several industries. The operating results of Photoneo are included in the AVA segment. See Note 5, Business Acquisitions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. Connected Frontline The Connected Frontline segment is focused on unifying teams, customers, and AI agents to deliver enhanced frontline experiences. This segment brings together solutions that empower frontline workers with the information and tools they need to make smarter decisions and improve customer service. Principal product categories within the Connected Frontline segment include: Mobile Computing: We design, manufacture, and sell rugged and enterprise-grade mobile computing products and accessories in a variety of specialized form factors and designs to meet a wide array of enterprise applications. Purpose-built handheld and wearable mobile computers, vehicle mounted computers, tablets and kiosks ensure reliable operations for targeted use cases, surviving years of rough handling and harsh environments. Industrial applications include inventory management in warehouses and distribution centers; field mobility applications include field service, post and parcel, and direct store delivery; and retail and customer facing applications include e-commerce, omnichannel, mobile point of sale, inventory look-up, staff collaboration, and analytics. Our mobile computing products primarily incorporate the Android operating system with 5 Table of Contents software extensions for the enterprise and support local-area and wide-area voice and data communications. Our products include software tools and services that enable secure data transmission while also supporting application development, device configuration, and field support to facilitate seamless, rapid deployment and maximum customer return on investment. Our products often incorporate barcode scanning, global position system and RFID features, and other sensory capabilities. Additionally, specialized features, such as advanced data capture technologies, data analytics technologies, voice and video collaboration tools, and advanced battery technologies, enable our customers to work more efficiently and better serve their own customers. Elo: Recently acquired leader in technology solutions for customer-facing frontline workflows that modernize point-of-sale, streamline self-service payment experiences, automate kitchen/industrial workflows, and optimize production and process management. Our offerings include a wide range of industry tailored solutions including point-of-sale solutions, self-serve kiosks and interactive touchscreen displays. Workflow optimization solutions : We provide a portfolio of offerings that help our customers improve the agility and productivity of key workflows by analyzing and acting on operational data in real-time. Our primary focus is on frontline workers in Zebra s end markets, including retail, transportation and logistics, manufacturing, and healthcare. Our workflow optimization solutions include software-based offerings, which include workforce management, workflow execution and task management, communication and collaboration-based offerings, demand-sensing, price optimization, and prescriptive analytics. These offerings are typically delivered through cloud-based software subscriptions and leverage big data, artificial intelligence, and mobile and web applications to provide customers with real-time visibility and actionable insights about their business. By analyzing labor, inventory, transactional and real-time situational data, these offerings are able to forecast demand, prescribe actions, schedule workers, and enhance collaboration. We are leveraging artificial intelligence to automate the detailed generation of tasks within complex workflows, bring knowledge and product companions to workers and deliver conversational interfaces that power our overall frontline experience. Our software-based offerings are available with multiple service levels, often contracted through multi-year service agreements. We also provide managed service offerings comprised of software and hardware bundled together, which include a range of physical inventory management offerings for retail, including offerings for full store physical inventories, cycle counts, and analytics. Services: We provide a comprehensive range of professional, managed, and maintenance services to support our customers throughout the entire product lifecycle. Our offerings include cloud-based subscriptions with multiple service levels, typically contracted through multi-year service agreements. Our professional and managed services are designed to help customers design, test, and deploy our offerings, as well as manage their mobility devices, software applications, and workflows. These services include the configuration and staging of products, design, testing, and deployment support, as well as the management of mobility devices, software applications, and workflows. Our maintenance and support services include a full suite of maintenance, technical support, and repair services to ensure our products continue to operate at peak performance. These services include ongoing maintenance and updates, technical support and repair and recycling services. Our services are available directly from us or through our global network of partners. Asset Visibility and Automation The Asset Visibility and Automation segment provides solutions that track critical assets and automate workflows to provide the real-time, data-driven insights necessary to optimize supply chains, manufacturing, and logistics. The principal product categories include: Barcode and Card Printing: We design, manufacture, and sell printers, which produce high-quality labels, wristbands, tickets, receipts, and plastic cards on demand. Our customers use our printers in a wide range of applications, including routing and tracking, patient safety, transaction processing, personal identification, product authentication, ticketing and receipts. These applications require high levels of data accuracy, speed, and reliability. Our printers use thermal printing technology, which creates images by heating certain pixels of an electrical printhead to selectively image a ribbon or heat-sensitive substrate. Our printers integrate company-designed mechanisms, electrical systems, and firmware that supports serial, parallel, Ethernet, USB, Bluetooth, or 802.11 wireless communications with appropriate security protocols. Enclosures of metal or high-impact plastic help ensure durability of our printers. Printing instructions can be received as a proprietary language such as Zebra Programming Language II, as a print driver-provided image, or as user-defined Extensible Markup Language. These features make our printers easy to integrate into most computer systems. We also provide dye-sublimination thermal card printers that produce high quality images and are used for secure, reliable personal identification (e.g. state identification cards, drivers licenses, and healthcare identification cards), access control (e.g. employee or student building access), and financial transactions (e.g. credit, debit and ATM cards). Additionally, we provide RFID printers that encode data into passive RFID transponders embedded in a label or card. We offer a wide range of accessories and options for our printers, including carrying cases, vehicle mounts and battery chargers. 6 Table of Contents Data Capture, Fixed Industrial Scanning, and Machine Vision : We design, manufacture, and sell barcode scanners, fixed industrial scanners, and industrial machine vision cameras. Our portfolio of scanners includes laser scanning and imager products in a variety of form factors, including fixed, handheld, and embedded original equipment manufacturer ( OEM ) modules. Our scanners incorporate a range of technologies including area imagers, linear imagers, and lasers, as well as read linear and two-dimensional barcodes. They are used in a broad range of applications, ranging from supermarket checkouts to optimization in warehouses to patient management in hospitals. The design of these offerings reflects the diverse needs of these markets, with different ergonomics, multiple communication protocols, and varying levels of ruggedness. Our fixed industrial scanning products automatically track and trace items that move from production through distribution. Our industrial machine vision platform-independent AI-enabled software, software development kits, smart cameras, vision controllers, frame grabbers, input/output cards, and 3D sensors capture, inspect, assess, and record data from industrial vision systems in factory automation, semiconductor inspection, pharmaceutical packaging, food beverage, among other use cases. We also provide related software and accessories for these offerings. RFID and RTLS Offerings: We provide a range of hardware and software options for capturing location data to satisfy a large variety of requirements for range, accuracy, and precision. Our active and passive RFID products include fixed readers, RFID enabled mobile computers, and RFID sleds that utilize passive ultra-high frequency to provide high-speed, data capture from hundreds or thousands of RFID tags in near real-time without line of sight, complementing the barcode. Using the Electronic Product Code ( EPC ) standard, end-users across multiple industries use our RFID technology to track high-value assets, monitor shipments, and drive increased retail sales through improved inventory accuracy. Our location solutions offerings include a range of RTLS offerings that generate precise, on-demand information about the physical location and status of high-value assets, equipment, and people. These offerings incorporate active and passive RFID technologies, beacons, and other tracking technologies to enable users to locate, track, manage, and optimize the utilization of enterprise assets and personnel. We provide substantially all elements of the location solution, including tags, sensors, exciters, middleware software, and application software. We also foster a highly specialized ecosystem of location and tracking partners who complement our offerings and help integrate them into our joint customers operations. Supplies and Sensors: We produce and sell stock and customized thermal labels, wristbands, receipts, ribbons, plastic cards, and RFID tags suitable for use with our printers, as well as wristbands for use in laser printers. We support our printing products, resellers, and end-users with an extensive line of superior quality, high-performance supplies optimized to a particular end-user s needs, such as chemical or abrasion resistance, extreme temperature environments, exceptional image quality, or long life. We promote the use of supplies with our printing equipment. Our supplies business also includes electronic sensors and temperature-monitoring labels which incorporate chemical indicators designed to change color upon exceeding predefined time and/or temperature thresholds, used in vaccine distribution and other use cases in healthcare and food safety. Services: We provide a full range of maintenance, technical support, and repair services. We also provide managed and professional services, including those which help customers manage their devices and related software applications. Our offerings include cloud-based subscriptions and multiple service levels. They are typically contracted through multi-year service agreements. We provide our services directly and through our global network of partners. Our Competitive Strengths The following are core competitive strengths that we believe enable us to differentiate ourselves from our competitors: An industry leader focused on digitizing and automating operations, and improving enterprise workflows on the frontline We are focused on the key complementary technology offerings that automate operations and drive improved enterprise workflows on the frontline, including mobile computing, self-service touchscreens, barcode and card printing, data capture, RFID, fixed industrial scanning, machine vision, and workflow optimization solutions, along with related software, services, and accessories. Our leadership position enables us to work with and support customers globally, in a variety of industries, who are focused on implementing leading-edge offerings. High barriers to entry On a global basis, we have long-standing relationships with end-users and with our extensive network of channel partners. We believe these customer relationships and our strong partner network are critical to our success and would be difficult for a new market entrant to replicate. We believe a significant portion of our offerings are deployed with specialized product performance and software application requirements, which could result in high switching costs. Commitment to innovation and deep industry-specific expertise Over time, we have developed and delivered improved, targeted end-to-end offerings for our customers. We remain committed to leveraging our technology portfolio and expertise in the industries that we service to continue to develop innovative offerings that meet the key needs of our customers. 7 Table of Contents Highly diversified business mix We are highly diversified across business segments, end markets and geographies. Additionally, we have strong recurring business in services, supplies and sensors, and software driven by an extensive global installed base of purpose-built offerings. Global reach and brand We sell to customers directly and through our network of channel partners around the world. In 2025, we refreshed our brand to further differentiate ourselves in the marketplace and position us for growth in the coming years. Our presence gives us the ability to serve our customers globally. In addition, we maintain strong brand recognition with a positive reputation in the industry as a trusted and strategic partner known for delivering high quality offerings that are reliable and durable. Scale advantages We believe the size and scope of our operations, including market leadership, offering development investment, portfolio breadth, and global distribution, give us advantages over our competitors. We believe we have the largest installed base of offerings compared to other companies in our industry. These characteristics enable us to compete successfully, achieve economies of scale, and develop industry-leading offerings. Our Business Strategies Leverage our market leadership position and innovation to profitably grow our core business We expect to drive revenue growth by continuing to outpace our competition in our core businesses, including mobile computing, data capture, thermal barcode printing, and services. We expect to achieve this by leveraging our broad portfolio of offerings and product innovation and continuing to be a strategic partner to end customers. We also expect to drive growth by capitalizing on technology transitions occurring in the industry, including transitions to WiFi 7, the 5th generation mobile network (5G) and Android operating system in mobile computing and transitions in data capture to technologies involving 2D and 3D imaging and RFID, among others. This includes increased focus on market segments and geographies that offer share-gain opportunities. In addition, we plan to leverage our market-leading installed base to accelerate growth in attach-oriented offerings, including services, supplies and sensors, accessories, and software applications. Our global channel partner network is vital to helping us achieve these goals. As such, we will ensure that we provide the necessary value and support for our partners to be successful. Advance our vision Our vision is for frontline operations everywhere to be digitized, automated, and intelligent. We believe that key technology trends, including digital twins, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence, are fundamentally transforming our customers' businesses and our industry. These trends present significant opportunities for us to create value. We plan to capitalize on these trends by providing end-to-end solutions that deliver asset visibility and intelligent operations. Our offerings integrate smart-connected sensors, RFID, and advanced software to provide actionable, data-driven insights. As the foundation for intelligent operations, we empower our customers to optimize workflows, enhance decision-making, and improve business outcomes in an increasingly dynamic environment. We will continue to invest in technologies that connect the frontline, provide real-time visibility, and enable automation, which we believe will drive our competitive differentiation and elevate our position as a solutions provider. Increase our opportunity for growth through expansion in adjacent market segments We plan to drive growth through expansion, organically and inorganically, in adjacent market segments that are synergistic with our core markets. We will focus specifically on segments where our offerings, workflow expertise, and customer and industry relationships enable us to provide significant value to end-users. Enhance financial strength and flexibility While maintaining our strong balance sheet, we intend to continue to improve profitability and cash flow generation through operational execution and increased productivity derived from continuous business process improvement, supply chain resiliency, cost management, and focus on working capital efficiency. Sustainable business model Zebra s sustainability priorities of human capital management, resource conservation, and climate align with our strategic focus and corporate values. Initiatives within these priorities are advanced by our cross-functional Sustainability Council, with executive sponsorship and board oversight. Our approach helps to ensure that our business is sustainable over the long term for the benefit of our primary stakeholder groups, including employees, customers, partners, and investors. We are driving a high-performance culture, striving to consistently be the employer of choice in the communities where we work and live. We also focus on waste reduction, circular economy product innovation with certified refurbished devices, eco-packaging and sustainable product design. Additionally, we have science-based targets for carbon emission reductions in Zebra s operations and throughout our value chain. 8 Table of Contents Competition We operate in a highly competitive environment. The need for companies to improve productivity and implement their strategies, as well as the secular trends around artificial intelligence, cloud computing, automation, and mobility, are some of the factors that are creating growth opportunities for established and new competitors. Key competitive factors include the breadth and quality of offerings, as well as pricing, design, performance, durability, geographic availability, warranty coverage, relationships with customers and channel partners, company reputation, and brand recognition. We believe we compete effectively with respect to these factors. Barcode and Card Printing : We consider our direct competition in printing to be producers of on-demand fixed, mobile, and RFID thermal printers. We also compete with companies producing printing systems that use technologies such as laser, ink-jet, and direct marking. In addition, service bureaus, which provide centralized services, represent an alternative to our card printing offerings. Competitors include: Avery Dennison, Entrust, Honeywell, Sato, Toshiba TEC, and TSC. Data Capture, Fixed Industrial Scanning, and Machine Vision : Competitors that provide a broad portfolio of barcode scanning products and related services that are suitable for most global market applications include Datalogic, Honeywell and Newland. Competitors in our fixed industrial scanning and machine vision business include Cognex, Keyence, and SICK. Mobile Computing : Competitors in mobile computing and related services include companies that have historically served enterprises with ruggedized devices. For some applications, we compete with companies that provide tablets and smart phones. Competitors include: Datalogic, Honeywell, Panasonic and Urovo. Point-of-Sale, Self-Checkout, Payment Solutions, Self-Service Kiosks, and Interactive Displays: We compete with many companies in one or more of these related categories including Acrelec, Diebold Nixdorf, HP, Toshiba TEC, VeriFone. RFID and RTLS Offerings : We compete with numerous companies operating in this market including Chainway, Impinj, Invengo, JADAK, Rodinbell, TSC and Ubisense. Supplies and Sensors : The supplies industry is highly fragmented with competition comprised of numerous companies of various sizes around the world. Workflow optimization solutions: Competitors include software providers to the retail industry. Customers End-users of our offerings are diversified across a wide variety of industries. We have three customers, who are distributors of the Company s offerings, that individually accounted for more than 10% of our Net sales during the past three years. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our Net sales during these years. See Note 20, Segment Information Geographic Data in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. Our Net sales to significant customers as a percentage of the Company s total Net sales were approximately: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2025 2024 2023 Customer A 29 % 21 % 18 % Customer B 15 % 19 % 14 % Customer C 15 % 14 % 12 % 9 Table of Contents Sales and Marketing Sales: We sell our offerings primarily through distributors (two-tier distribution), value added resellers ( VARs ), independent software vendors ( ISVs ), direct marketers, and OEMs, and our software offerings primarily through our direct sales force. We also sell our offerings directly to a select number of customers through our direct sales force. Distributors purchase our products and sell to VARs, ISVs and others, thereby increasing the distribution of our products globally. VARs, ISVs, OEMs, and systems integrators provide end users with a variety of hardware, accessories, software applications, and services. VARs and ISVs typically customize offerings for specific end-user applications using their industry, systems, and applications expertise. Some OEMs resell Zebra-manufactured offerings under their own brands as part of their own product offerings. Because these sales channels provide specific software, configuration, installation, integration, and support services to end-users within various industry segments, these relationships are highly valued and allow our products to reach end users in a wide array of industries around the world. We believe that the breadth of our distributor and channel partner network is a competitive differentiator and enhances our ability to compete. Finally, we experience some seasonality in sales, depending upon the geographic region and industry served. Marketing: Our marketing function aligns closely with sales, customer success and product management to promote our offerings to address the needs of our customers. Marketing is responsible for leading strategic cross-functional practices which benefit the broader organization including pricing, enterprise analytics, customer experience, market sizing, brand strategy and channel strategy. From a more traditional sense, the marketing organization is also comprised of regional marketing teams that interface closely with customers, partners, and sellers; as well as teams that support external communications, offering marketing, digital marketing, marketing operations, and business intelligence functions. Manufacturing and Outsourcing Final assembly of our hardware products is performed by third parties, including electronics manufacturing services companies ( EMSs ) and joint design manufacturers ( JDMs ). Our products are produced in facilities primarily located in the Asia-Pacific region (China, Malaysia, Vietnam, and Taiwan) and Mexico. The EMSs and JDMs produce our products to our design specifications. We maintain control over portions of the supply chain, including supplier select