=== ZBRA_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this report for further discussion of issues that could affect the Company s future results. We undertake no obligation, other than as may be required by law, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances, or any other reason after the date of this report. Item 1. Business The Company We are a global leader in the Automatic Identification and Data Capture ( AIDC ) industry. The AIDC market consists of mobile computing, data capture, radio frequency identification devices ( RFID ), thermal barcode printing, and other workflow automation products and services. The Company s products, services, and software solutions ( offerings ) are proven to help our customers and end-users digitize and automate their workflows to achieve their critical business objectives, including improved productivity and operational efficiency, optimized regulatory compliance, and better customer experiences. We design, manufacture, and sell a broad range of AIDC offerings, including: mobile computers, barcode scanners and imagers, RFID readers, specialty printers for barcode labeling and personal identification, real-time location systems ( RTLS ), related accessories and supplies, such as labels and other consumables, and related software applications. We also provide 4 Table of Contents machine vision and self-serve touchscreen solutions; a full range of services, including maintenance, technical support, repair, managed and professional services; as well as cloud-based software subscriptions. End-users of our offerings include those in retail and e-commerce, manufacturing, transportation and logistics, healthcare, hospitality, public sector, and other industries. We operate in 129 facilities with approximately 10,700 employees worldwide. We provide our offerings globally through a direct sales force and an extensive network of over 10,000 channel partners, operating in 179 countries. We continue to evolve and advance our vision: frontline operations everywhere are digitized, automated and intelligent. Through continual innovation, we have expanded beyond the traditional AIDC market to transform activities such as factory production, packages moving through a supply chain, retail shopping, the hospital patient journey, restaurant self-service, and first responders addressing public safety and emergency situations. Data from enterprise assets, including status, condition, location, utilization, and preferences, is analyzed in the cloud to provide prioritized actionable insights and optimize activities. The need to transform workflows is being driven by secular trends in technology, which include the creation of digital twins, cloud-based data analytics, automation, mobility, computer vision, artificial intelligence and machine learning. This transformation is powered by the proliferation of smart, connected devices that exchange an increasingly broad set of information in real time, enabling intelligent and responsive physical environments. The continued rapid growth of mobile computing devices and application software is also significantly expanding use cases throughout enterprises and supply chains. With these expanded capabilities, end-users can consume and act upon dynamic enterprise data and information anytime and anywhere. Additionally, artificial intelligence is further streamlining frontline workflows by providing insights and delivering actions using on-device vision, audio, location and RFID to automate parts of traditional workflows. Leveraging a combination of on-device and cloud-based AI, smart context-aware software companions are beginning to augment worker productivity, providing real-time assistance to get work done more quickly and accurately. Additionally, computer and machine vision technology, which enables the automatic extraction and understanding of useful information from a digital image or video, provides a key element in many of our offerings. Operations and Technologies In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company s reportable segments changed to Connected Frontline ( CF ) and Asset Visibility and Automation ( AVA ). The CF segment consists of our mobile computing products, and related services and software-based offerings that were formerly part of our Enterprise Visibility Mobility ( EVM ) segment. The AVA segment consists of our barcode and card printing products and related supplies and sensors, RFID and RTLS offerings, and related services that collectively represented our former Asset Intelligence Tracking ( AIT ) segment, as well as our data capture, and machine vision offerings and related services that were formerly part of our EVM segment. This change aligns with how we are operating our business to advance our strategy. Acquisitions Elo: On September 30, 2025, the Company acquired Elo Holdings, Inc. ( Elo ) for $1,303 million in cash, net of Elo s cash on-hand. Elo is an innovator of solutions that engage customers, enhance self-service, and accelerate automation across a wide range of end markets. Through its acquisition, the Company expanded its portfolio of self-service and consumer-facing workflow offerings. The operating results of Elo are included in the CF segment. Photoneo : On February 28, 2025, the Company acquired Photoneo for $62 million in cash, net of Photoneo s cash on-hand. Photoneo is a leading developer and manufacturer of 3D machine vision offerings. Through its acquisition, the Company expanded its machine vision offerings across several industries. The operating results of Photoneo are included in the AVA segment. See Note 5, Business Acquisitions in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. Connected Frontline The Connected Frontline segment is focused on unifying teams, customers, and AI agents to deliver enhanced frontline experiences. This segment brings together solutions that empower frontline workers with the information and tools they need to make smarter decisions and improve customer service. Principal product categories within the Connected Frontline segment include: Mobile Computing: We design, manufacture, and sell rugged and enterprise-grade mobile computing products and accessories in a variety of specialized form factors and designs to meet a wide array of enterprise applications. Purpose-built handheld and wearable mobile computers, vehicle mounted computers, tablets and kiosks ensure reliable operations for targeted use cases, surviving years of rough handling and harsh environments. Industrial applications include inventory management in warehouses and distribution centers; field mobility applications include field service, post and parcel, and direct store delivery; and retail and customer facing applications include e-commerce, omnichannel, mobile point of sale, inventory look-up, staff collaboration, and analytics. Our mobile computing products primarily incorporate the Android operating system with 5 Table of Contents software extensions for the enterprise and support local-area and wide-area voice and data communications. Our products include software tools and services that enable secure data transmission while also supporting application development, device configuration, and field support to facilitate seamless, rapid deployment and maximum customer return on investment. Our products often incorporate barcode scanning, global position system and RFID features, and other sensory capabilities. Additionally, specialized features, such as advanced data capture technologies, data analytics technologies, voice and video collaboration tools, and advanced battery technologies, enable our customers to work more efficiently and better serve their own customers. Elo: Recently acquired leader in technology solutions for customer-facing frontline workflows that modernize point-of-sale, streamline self-service payment experiences, automate kitchen/industrial workflows, and optimize production and process management. Our offerings include a wide range of industry tailored solutions including point-of-sale solutions, self-serve kiosks and interactive touchscreen displays. Workflow optimization solutions : We provide a portfolio of offerings that help our customers improve the agility and productivity of key workflows by analyzing and acting on operational data in real-time. Our primary focus is on frontline workers in Zebra s end markets, including retail, transportation and logistics, manufacturing, and healthcare. Our workflow optimization solutions include software-based offerings, which include workforce management, workflow execution and task management, communication and collaboration-based offerings, demand-sensing, price optimization, and prescriptive analytics. These offerings are typically delivered through cloud-based software subscriptions and leverage big data, artificial intelligence, and mobile and web applications to provide customers with real-time visibility and actionable insights about their business. By analyzing labor, inventory, transactional and real-time situational data, these offerings are able to forecast demand, prescribe actions, schedule workers, and enhance collaboration. We are leveraging artificial intelligence to automate the detailed generation of tasks within complex workflows, bring knowledge and product companions to workers and deliver conversational interfaces that power our overall frontline experience. Our software-based offerings are available with multiple service levels, often contracted through multi-year service agreements. We also provide managed service offerings comprised of software and hardware bundled together, which include a range of physical inventory management offerings for retail, including offerings for full store physical inventories, cycle counts, and analytics. Services: We provide a comprehensive range of professional, managed, and maintenance services to support our customers throughout the entire product lifecycle. Our offerings include cloud-based subscriptions with multiple service levels, typically contracted through multi-year service agreements. Our professional and managed services are designed to help customers design, test, and deploy our offerings, as well as manage their mobility devices, software applications, and workflows. These services include the configuration and staging of products, design, testing, and deployment support, as well as the management of mobility devices, software applications, and workflows. Our maintenance and support services include a full suite of maintenance, technical support, and repair services to ensure our products continue to operate at peak performance. These services include ongoing maintenance and updates, technical support and repair and recycling services. Our services are available directly from us or through our global network of partners. Asset Visibility and Automation The Asset Visibility and Automation segment provides solutions that track critical assets and automate workflows to provide the real-time, data-driven insights necessary to optimize supply chains, manufacturing, and logistics. The principal product categories include: Barcode and Card Printing: We design, manufacture, and sell printers, which produce high-quality labels, wristbands, tickets, receipts, and plastic cards on demand. Our customers use our printers in a wide range of applications, including routing and tracking, patient safety, transaction processing, personal identification, product authentication, ticketing and receipts. These applications require high levels of data accuracy, speed, and reliability. Our printers use thermal printing technology, which creates images by heating certain pixels of an electrical printhead to selectively image a ribbon or heat-sensitive substrate. Our printers integrate company-designed mechanisms, electrical systems, and firmware that supports serial, parallel, Ethernet, USB, Bluetooth, or 802.11 wireless communications with appropriate security protocols. Enclosures of metal or high-impact plastic help ensure durability of our printers. Printing instructions can be received as a proprietary language such as Zebra Programming Language II, as a print driver-provided image, or as user-defined Extensible Markup Language. These features make our printers easy to integrate into most computer systems. We also provide dye-sublimination thermal card printers that produce high quality images and are used for secure, reliable personal identification (e.g. state identification cards, drivers licenses, and healthcare identification cards), access control (e.g. employee or student building access), and financial transactions (e.g. credit, debit and ATM cards). Additionally, we provide RFID printers that encode data into passive RFID transponders embedded in a label or card. We offer a wide range of accessories and options for our printers, including carrying cases, vehicle mounts and battery chargers. 6 Table of Contents Data Capture, Fixed Industrial Scanning, and Machine Vision : We design, manufacture, and sell barcode scanners, fixed industrial scanners, and industrial machine vision cameras. Our portfolio of scanners includes laser scanning and imager products in a variety of form factors, including fixed, handheld, and embedded original equipment manufacturer ( OEM ) modules. Our scanners incorporate a range of technologies including area imagers, linear imagers, and lasers, as well as read linear and two-dimensional barcodes. They are used in a broad range of applications, ranging from supermarket checkouts to optimization in warehouses to patient management in hospitals. The design of these offerings reflects the diverse needs of these markets, with different ergonomics, multiple communication protocols, and varying levels of ruggedness. Our fixed industrial scanning products automatically track and trace items that move from production through distribution. Our industrial machine vision platform-independent AI-enabled software, software development kits, smart cameras, vision controllers, frame grabbers, input/output cards, and 3D sensors capture, inspect, assess, and record data from industrial vision systems in factory automation, semiconductor inspection, pharmaceutical packaging, food beverage, among other use cases. We also provide related software and accessories for these offerings. RFID and RTLS Offerings: We provide a range of hardware and software options for capturing location data to satisfy a large variety of requirements for range, accuracy, and precision. Our active and passive RFID products include fixed readers, RFID enabled mobile computers, and RFID sleds that utilize passive ultra-high frequency to provide high-speed, data capture from hundreds or thousands of RFID tags in near real-time without line of sight, complementing the barcode. Using the Electronic Product Code ( EPC ) standard, end-users across multiple industries use our RFID technology to track high-value assets, monitor shipments, and drive increased retail sales through improved inventory accuracy. Our location solutions offerings include a range of RTLS offerings that generate precise, on-demand information about the physical location and status of high-value assets, equipment, and people. These offerings incorporate active and passive RFID technologies, beacons, and other tracking technologies to enable users to locate, track, manage, and optimize the utilization of enterprise assets and personnel. We provide substantially all elements of the location solution, including tags, sensors, exciters, middleware software, and application software. We also foster a highly specialized ecosystem of location and tracking partners who complement our offerings and help integrate them into our joint customers operations. Supplies and Sensors: We produce and sell stock and customized thermal labels, wristbands, receipts, ribbons, plastic cards, and RFID tags suitable for use with our printers, as well as wristbands for use in laser printers. We support our printing products, resellers, and end-users with an extensive line of superior quality, high-performance supplies optimized to a particular end-user s needs, such as chemical or abrasion resistance, extreme temperature environments, exceptional image quality, or long life. We promote the use of supplies with our printing equipment. Our supplies business also includes electronic sensors and temperature-monitoring labels which incorporate chemical indicators designed to change color upon exceeding predefined time and/or temperature thresholds, used in vaccine distribution and other use cases in healthcare and food safety. Services: We provide a full range of maintenance, technical support, and repair services. We also provide managed and professional services, including those which help customers manage their devices and related software applications. Our offerings include cloud-based subscriptions and multiple service levels. They are typically contracted through multi-year service agreements. We provide our services directly and through our global network of partners. Our Competitive Strengths The following are core competitive strengths that we believe enable us to differentiate ourselves from our competitors: An industry leader focused on digitizing and automating operations, and improving enterprise workflows on the frontline We are focused on the key complementary technology offerings that automate operations and drive improved enterprise workflows on the frontline, including mobile computing, self-service touchscreens, barcode and card printing, data capture, RFID, fixed industrial scanning, machine vision, and workflow optimization solutions, along with related software, services, and accessories. Our leadership position enables us to work with and support customers globally, in a variety of industries, who are focused on implementing leading-edge offerings. High barriers to entry On a global basis, we have long-standing relationships with end-users and with our extensive network of channel partners. We believe these customer relationships and our strong partner network are critical to our success and would be difficult for a new market entrant to replicate. We believe a significant portion of our offerings are deployed with specialized product performance and software application requirements, which could result in high switching costs. Commitment to innovation and deep industry-specific expertise Over time, we have developed and delivered improved, targeted end-to-end offerings for our customers. We remain committed to leveraging our technology portfolio and expertise in the industries that we service to continue to develop innovative offerings that meet the key needs of our customers. 7 Table of Contents Highly diversified business mix We are highly diversified across business segments, end markets and geographies. Additionally, we have strong recurring business in services, supplies and sensors, and software driven by an extensive global installed base of purpose-built offerings. Global reach and brand We sell to customers directly and through our network of channel partners around the world. In 2025, we refreshed our brand to further differentiate ourselves in the marketplace and position us for growth in the coming years. Our presence gives us the ability to serve our customers globally. In addition, we maintain strong brand recognition with a positive reputation in the industry as a trusted and strategic partner known for delivering high quality offerings that are reliable and durable. Scale advantages We believe the size and scope of our operations, including market leadership, offering development investment, portfolio breadth, and global distribution, give us advantages over our competitors. We believe we have the largest installed base of offerings compared to other companies in our industry. These characteristics enable us to compete successfully, achieve economies of scale, and develop industry-leading offerings. Our Business Strategies Leverage our market leadership position and innovation to profitably grow our core business We expect to drive revenue growth by continuing to outpace our competition in our core businesses, including mobile computing, data capture, thermal barcode printing, and services. We expect to achieve this by leveraging our broad portfolio of offerings and product innovation and continuing to be a strategic partner to end customers. We also expect to drive growth by capitalizing on technology transitions occurring in the industry, including transitions to WiFi 7, the 5th generation mobile network (5G) and Android operating system in mobile computing and transitions in data capture to technologies involving 2D and 3D imaging and RFID, among others. This includes increased focus on market segments and geographies that offer share-gain opportunities. In addition, we plan to leverage our market-leading installed base to accelerate growth in attach-oriented offerings, including services, supplies and sensors, accessories, and software applications. Our global channel partner network is vital to helping us achieve these goals. As such, we will ensure that we provide the necessary value and support for our partners to be successful. Advance our vision Our vision is for frontline operations everywhere to be digitized, automated, and intelligent. We believe that key technology trends, including digital twins, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence, are fundamentally transforming our customers' businesses and our industry. These trends present significant opportunities for us to create value. We plan to capitalize on these trends by providing end-to-end solutions that deliver asset visibility and intelligent operations. Our offerings integrate smart-connected sensors, RFID, and advanced software to provide actionable, data-driven insights. As the foundation for intelligent operations, we empower our customers to optimize workflows, enhance decision-making, and improve business outcomes in an increasingly dynamic environment. We will continue to invest in technologies that connect the frontline, provide real-time visibility, and enable automation, which we believe will drive our competitive differentiation and elevate our position as a solutions provider. Increase our opportunity for growth through expansion in adjacent market segments We plan to drive growth through expansion, organically and inorganically, in adjacent market segments that are synergistic with our core markets. We will focus specifically on segments where our offerings, workflow expertise, and customer and industry relationships enable us to provide significant value to end-users. Enhance financial strength and flexibility While maintaining our strong balance sheet, we intend to continue to improve profitability and cash flow generation through operational execution and increased productivity derived from continuous business process improvement, supply chain resiliency, cost management, and focus on working capital efficiency. Sustainable business model Zebra s sustainability priorities of human capital management, resource conservation, and climate align with our strategic focus and corporate values. Initiatives within these priorities are advanced by our cross-functional Sustainability Council, with executive sponsorship and board oversight. Our approach helps to ensure that our business is sustainable over the long term for the benefit of our primary stakeholder groups, including employees, customers, partners, and investors. We are driving a high-performance culture, striving to consistently be the employer of choice in the communities where we work and live. We also focus on waste reduction, circular economy product innovation with certified refurbished devices, eco-packaging and sustainable product design. Additionally, we have science-based targets for carbon emission reductions in Zebra s operations and throughout our value chain. 8 Table of Contents Competition We operate in a highly competitive environment. The need for companies to improve productivity and implement their strategies, as well as the secular trends around artificial intelligence, cloud computing, automation, and mobility, are some of the factors that are creating growth opportunities for established and new competitors. Key competitive factors include the breadth and quality of offerings, as well as pricing, design, performance, durability, geographic availability, warranty coverage, relationships with customers and channel partners, company reputation, and brand recognition. We believe we compete effectively with respect to these factors. Barcode and Card Printing : We consider our direct competition in printing to be producers of on-demand fixed, mobile, and RFID thermal printers. We also compete with companies producing printing systems that use technologies such as laser, ink-jet, and direct marking. In addition, service bureaus, which provide centralized services, represent an alternative to our card printing offerings. Competitors include: Avery Dennison, Entrust, Honeywell, Sato, Toshiba TEC, and TSC. Data Capture, Fixed Industrial Scanning, and Machine Vision : Competitors that provide a broad portfolio of barcode scanning products and related services that are suitable for most global market applications include Datalogic, Honeywell and Newland. Competitors in our fixed industrial scanning and machine vision business include Cognex, Keyence, and SICK. Mobile Computing : Competitors in mobile computing and related services include companies that have historically served enterprises with ruggedized devices. For some applications, we compete with companies that provide tablets and smart phones. Competitors include: Datalogic, Honeywell, Panasonic and Urovo. Point-of-Sale, Self-Checkout, Payment Solutions, Self-Service Kiosks, and Interactive Displays: We compete with many companies in one or more of these related categories including Acrelec, Diebold Nixdorf, HP, Toshiba TEC, VeriFone. RFID and RTLS Offerings : We compete with numerous companies operating in this market including Chainway, Impinj, Invengo, JADAK, Rodinbell, TSC and Ubisense. Supplies and Sensors : The supplies industry is highly fragmented with competition comprised of numerous companies of various sizes around the world. Workflow optimization solutions: Competitors include software providers to the retail industry. Customers End-users of our offerings are diversified across a wide variety of industries. We have three customers, who are distributors of the Company s offerings, that individually accounted for more than 10% of our Net sales during the past three years. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our Net sales during these years. See Note 20, Segment Information Geographic Data in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. Our Net sales to significant customers as a percentage of the Company s total Net sales were approximately: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2025 2024 2023 Customer A 29 % 21 % 18 % Customer B 15 % 19 % 14 % Customer C 15 % 14 % 12 % 9 Table of Contents Sales and Marketing Sales: We sell our offerings primarily through distributors (two-tier distribution), value added resellers ( VARs ), independent software vendors ( ISVs ), direct marketers, and OEMs, and our software offerings primarily through our direct sales force. We also sell our offerings directly to a select number of customers through our direct sales force. Distributors purchase our products and sell to VARs, ISVs and others, thereby increasing the distribution of our products globally. VARs, ISVs, OEMs, and systems integrators provide end users with a variety of hardware, accessories, software applications, and services. VARs and ISVs typically customize offerings for specific end-user applications using their industry, systems, and applications expertise. Some OEMs resell Zebra-manufactured offerings under their own brands as part of their own product offerings. Because these sales channels provide specific software, configuration, installation, integration, and support services to end-users within various industry segments, these relationships are highly valued and allow our products to reach end users in a wide array of industries around the world. We believe that the breadth of our distributor and channel partner network is a competitive differentiator and enhances our ability to compete. Finally, we experience some seasonality in sales, depending upon the geographic region and industry served. Marketing: Our marketing function aligns closely with sales, customer success and product management to promote our offerings to address the needs of our customers. Marketing is responsible for leading strategic cross-functional practices which benefit the broader organization including pricing, enterprise analytics, customer experience, market sizing, brand strategy and channel strategy. From a more traditional sense, the marketing organization is also comprised of regional marketing teams that interface closely with customers, partners, and sellers; as well as teams that support external communications, offering marketing, digital marketing, marketing operations, and business intelligence functions. Manufacturing and Outsourcing Final assembly of our hardware products is performed by third parties, including electronics manufacturing services companies ( EMSs ) and joint design manufacturers ( JDMs ). Our products are produced in facilities primarily located in the Asia-Pacific region (China, Malaysia, Vietnam, and Taiwan) and Mexico. The EMSs and JDMs produce our products to our design specifications. We maintain control over portions of the supply chain, including supplier selection and price negotiations for key components. The manufacturers generally purchase all the components and subassemblies used in the production of our products. Our products are shipped to regional distribution centers, operated by third-party logistics providers or the Company. A portion of products are reconfigured at the distribution centers through firmware downloads, packaging, and customer specific customization before they are shipped to customers. In addition, certain products are manufactured in accordance with procurement regulations and various international trade agreements and remain eligible for sale to the U.S. government. Production facilities for our supplies and sensors products are located in the U.S., Mexico, and Europe. We also supplement our in-house supplies and sensors production capabilities with third-party manufacturers, principally located in Asia-Pacific. Repair services for our products are performed by either our own operations or through third parties, with repair service hubs located in each of the regions in which we serve our customers. Research and Development The Company devotes significant resources to developing innovative offerings for our target markets and ensuring that our offerings maintain high levels of reliability and provide value to end-users. Research and development expenditures for the years ended 2025, 2024 and 2023 were $593 million, $563 million and $519 million, or 11.0%, 11.3% and 11.3% of Net sales, respectively. Worldwide, we have employed approximately 2,790 engineers and innovation and design experts, who, along with contractors, are focused on strengthening and broadening our extensive portfolio of offerings. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trade secrets, patents, trademarks, copyrights, and contractual rights to establish and protect our innovations, and hold a large portfolio of intellectual property rights in the U.S. and other countries. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owned approximately 1,850 trademark registrations and trademark applications, and approximately 8,000 patents and patent applications, worldwide. We believe that our intellectual property will continue to provide us with a competitive advantage in our offerings as well as provide leverage for future technologies. Our success depends more upon our extensive know-how, deep understanding of end-user processes and workflows, innovative culture, technical leadership, and marketing and sales abilities. Although we do not rely only on patents or other intellectual property rights to protect or establish our market position, we will enforce our intellectual property rights when and where appropriate. 10 Table of Contents Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, the Company had approximately 10,700 employees globally, with a majority in sales and technical roles. Our employees work in 57 countries with 44% of our employee population residing in the U.S. The Company is committed to attracting, developing, and retaining talent to enable our strategic vision and purpose. This commitment directly shapes our approach to fostering a culture of belonging and advances employee engagement. It is Zebra s policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees. Our vision is to leverage the workforce where employees can bring their best selves to work, and to be a workspace where all employees are seen, heard, valued and respected. We believe this increases Zebra s innovation. We believe that our strong Company culture is a key contributor to our success. Following the refresh of Zebra s values (Lead through Innovation; Deliver Excellence with Agility; Think and Act Customer First; Succeed as One; and Make a Positive Impact) in 2023, we launched our culture reinvigoration campaign in 2024. The campaign s action-based workshop, experienced virtually or in-person, provides employees with an opportunity to learn and share experiences relating to the importance of Zebra s culture and values. As of the end of 2025, more than 90% of global employees have attended the workshop. Employee engagement within the Company is consistently high and measures above relevant benchmarks for technology companies. Furthermore, as recognition of the Company s strong culture and commitment to its employees, Zebra continued to be ranked on Newsweek s list of Global Most Loved Workplaces and on Fast Company s list of the Best Workplaces for Innovators in 2025. The well-being of Zebra s employees remains a core focus, and we have benefits reflecting this commitment, including zDay, (a paid, Company-wide day off for all eligible Zebra employees), summer hours, and Focus Fridays (which encourage meeting-free time on Friday afternoons). Talent Development Zebra is committed to creating an environment that fosters continuous learning. We believe that effective career development happens when employees and managers have open discussions regarding their development plans and how best to use Zebra s resources to support their learning and career growth. These resources include the Zebra Education Network, an online learning platform available to all employees offering a wide variety of learning content that employees can connect to their individual development plans. In 2025, Zebra also launched a new annual global learning series entitled Development Days...Learn, Grow, Succeed, which focused on in-person and virtual learning for all employees globally. Zebra s Global Learning and Leadership Roadmap outlines our development programs and is supplemented through various functional and business unit offerings, focused on functional development needs. The roadmap invites all employees to participate in their development at any stage of their career. New employees complete our Foundations course where they learn about Zebra, our vision, purpose, culture, values, and available resources, all taught through hands-on experiences and interactive presentations. Employees who are new to leading people can complete our Leadership Essentials, Coaching Your Team and Mastering Development Conversations courses, which are designed to foster their leadership and management skills. Senior Zebra leaders can also nominate employees for a series of leadership programs and experiences designed to advance the nominees development at critical stages of their careers. We connect these nominations to our annual talent review and succession planning process, which includes an assessment of our future leadership pipeline so that we can proactively develop our high potential employees for the future. Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) Zebra has ten employee-led ERGs, each of which is open to all employees. Over 25% of our employees are members of at least one ERG. We continue to expand membership across the business. Community Engagement and Philanthropy We have established partnerships with external organizations to forge meaningful relationships within the communities where Zebra operates and have closely tied our outreach strategy with our work in these communities. Our employees actively participate in volunteering activities, supported through our Zebra Gives programs. We create opportunities for worldwide employee participation while promoting and supporting localized efforts for individuals and teams. 11 Table of Contents The mission of our philanthropic and volunteer activities is to help improve the local communities where we live and work through the contribution of our time and resources. We take a comprehensive approach in engaging Zebra s global talent and resources to make investments and create partnerships in these four priority areas: Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM), Education, Healthcare and Disaster Relief. Regulatory Matters Wireless Regulatory Matters Our business is subject to certain wireless regulatory matters. The use of wireless voice, data, and video communications systems requires radio spectrum, which is regulated by government agencies throughout the world. In the U.S., the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration ( NTIA ) regulate spectrum use by commercial entities and federal entities, respectively. Similarly, countries around the world have one or more regulatory bodies that define and implement the rules for use of the radio spectrum, pursuant to their respective national laws and international coordination under the International Telecommunications Union. We manufacture and market products to be used in spectrum bands already made available by regulatory bodies, including voice and data infrastructure, mobile radios, and portable or hand-held devices. Consequently, our results of operations could be positively or negatively affected by the rules and regulations adopted from time-to-time by the FCC, NTIA, or regulatory agencies in other countries. Our products operate both on the licensed and unlicensed spectrum. The availability of additional radio spectrum may provide new business opportunities, and consequently, the loss of available radio spectrum may result in the loss of business opportunities. Regulatory changes in current spectrum bands may also provide opportunities or may require modifications to some products so they can continue to operate as expected. See Item 1A, Risk Factors for additional information regarding risks relating to wireless regulatory matters. Other Regulatory Matters Some of our operations use substances regulated under various federal, state, local, and international laws governing the environment and worker health and safety, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the ground, air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and waste and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Certain products are subject to various federal, state, local, and international laws governing chemical substances in electronic offerings. During 2025, compliance with U.S. federal, state and local, and foreign laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment did not have a material effect on our business or results of operations. Available Information Our website address is www.zebra.com. The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated into any other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, are made available free of charge on the Investor Relations page of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. 12 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Investors should carefully consider the risks, uncertainties, and other factors described below, as well as other disclosures in this report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, because they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, and growth prospects. These risks are not the only risks we face. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. No priority or significance is intended by, nor should be attached to, the order in which the risk factors appear. General Business and Industry Risks The Company is vulnerable to the potential difficulties associated with the increase in the complexity of our business . We have expanded operations and customer offerings over the last several years both organically and through acquisitions. This has caused increased complexities in the business. We believe our future success depends in part on our ability to manage our growth and increased complexities of our business. The following factors could present difficulties to us: Managing our distribution channel partners and end-user customers; Managing our contract manufacturing and supply chain; Manufacturing an increased number of products; Developing and managing custom offerings; Managing parties to whom we have outsourced portions of our business operations; Managing administrative and operational burdens; Managing stakeholder interests including customer, investor and employee social responsibility matters; Maintaining and improving information technology infrastructure to support growth and to manage cybersecurity threats; Managing the integration of acquisitions; Managing logistical challenges common to complex, expansive international operations; Managing impacts of government shutdowns or disruptions, including any adverse effects due to limited government funding and services, such as import and export clearance, regulatory approvals or visa processing; Managing our organizational structure and workforce challenges, and ensuring a cohesive company culture among our employees; Managing the cost of labor including any union organizing efforts and our responses to such efforts; and Attracting, developing and retaining individuals with the requisite technical expertise to develop new technologies and introduce new offerings. Geopolitical turmoil, including regional conflicts, terrorism and war could result in market instability, which could negatively impact our business results. We are a global company with international operations, and we sell our offerings in countries throughout the world. The war between Russia and Ukraine, conflicts in the Middle East region, the risk of increased tensions between China and Taiwan, and other instances of geopolitical turmoil could limit our ability to sell our offerings, and could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. For instance, on March 5, 2022, we suspended our business operations in Russia. While this suspension has not had, and is not expected to have, a material impact on our operating results, it is not possible to predict the broader or long-term consequences of the war between Russia and Ukraine, which may include further sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts and adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, cybersecurity conditions, currency exchange rates, financial markets and energy markets. Geopolitical turmoil and uncertainty could have a negative impact on our ability to sell and ship our offerings, collect payments from and support customers in certain regions, and could increase the costs, risks and adverse impacts from supply chain and logistics challenges. In addition, geopolitical turmoil could result in: increased energy costs, which could increase the cost of manufacturing, selling and delivering our offerings; inflation, which has resulted in increases in the cost of manufacturing, reduced customer purchasing power, increased price pressures, and reduced or cancelled orders; increased risk of cybersecurity attacks; and market instability, any of which could adversely impact our financial results. Inability to consummate future acquisitions at appropriate prices could negatively impact our growth rate and stock price. Our ability to expand revenues, earnings, and cash flow may be affected in part by our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and to realize anticipated synergies. Acquisitions can be difficult to identify and consummate due to competition among prospective buyers and the need to satisfy applicable closing conditions and obtain antitrust and other regulatory approval on acceptable terms. Macroeconomic factors, such as rising inflation and interest rates, capital market volatility, etc., could negatively influence our future acquisition opportunities. 13 Table of Contents The Company could encounter difficulties in any acquisition it undertakes, including unanticipated integration problems and business disruption. Acquisitions could also dilute stockholder value and adversely affect operating results. An acquisition may present business issues which are new to us. The process of integrating any acquired business, technology, product, service, software, or solution into our operations or offerings may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Integration of an acquired company also may consume considerable management time and attention, which could otherwise be available for ongoing operations and the further development of our existing business. These and other factors may result in benefits of an acquisition not being fully realized. Acquisitions also may involve a number of risks, including, but not limited to: Difficulties and uncertainties in retaining the customers, distributors, vendors, or other business relationships from the acquired entities; The loss of key employees of acquired entities; Disruptions in our business due to difficulties integrating and reorganizing operations, offerings, systems, networks, supply chains, technologies and personnel; The ability of acquired entities to fulfill their customers obligations; The inheritance of known, and the discovery of unknown, issues or liabilities; Pre-closing and post-closing acquisition-related earnings charges could adversely impact operating results and cash flows in any given period, and the impact may be substantially different from period to period; The failure of acquired entities to meet or exceed expected operating results or cash flows could result in impairment of goodwill or intangible assets acquired; The ability to implement internal controls and accounting systems necessary to be compliant with requirements applicable to public companies subject to SEC reporting, which could result in misstated financial reports; and Future acquisitions could result in changes such as potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities and the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities. On September 30, 2025, the Company acquired Elo Holdings, Inc. ( Elo ) for a purchase price of approximately $1.3 billion, a transaction that is significant in size, representing approximately 9% of the Company s market capitalization on such date. This acquisition substantially increased the Company s goodwill and other intangible assets, which could become impaired and result in material non-cash charges if we fail to achieve the expected operating results and cash flows. The Company may not be able to successfully integrate Elo's business operations and personnel and to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies, and the integration process may divert management's attention from other business priorities. Failure to successfully manage these and other risks associated with this acquisition, including those outlined above, may have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. The Company may not be able to continue to develop offerings to address user needs effectively. To be successful, we must adapt to rapidly changing technological and application needs by continually improving our offerings, as well as introducing new offerings to address user demands. The Company s industry is impacted by: Evolving industry standards; Frequent new offering introductions; Evolving distribution channels; Increasing demand for customized offerings; Changing customer demands; and Changing security protocols. Future success will depend on our ability to effectively and economically adapt in this evolving environment. We could incur substantial costs if we must modify our business to adapt to these changes, and may even be unable to adapt to these changes. The Company participates in a competitive industry, which may become more competitive. Competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technology and changes in customer requirements. The markets that we serve are rapidly evolving and highly competitive. Some of our offerings are in direct competition with similar or alternative offerings provided by our competitors. In addition, we often compete with local competitors that may have a substantial advantage in attracting customers in their countries due to more established branding in that country, greater knowledge with respect to the tastes and preferences of customers residing in that country or their focus on a single market. Because of the potential for consolidation in any market, such competitors may become larger, and increased size could permit them to operate in wider geographic areas. To remain competitive, we believe we must continue to effectively and economically: Identify and evolve with customer needs, emerging technologies, and industry trends; Monitor disruptive technologies and business models; Innovate, develop and timely commercialize new technologies and offerings; 14 Table of Contents Competitively price our offerings; Offer superior customer service; Provide offerings of high quality and reliability; Provide dependable and efficient distribution networks; and Attract, retain and develop employees with technical expertise and an understanding of our industry and customer needs. We cannot assure that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or technologies. Current or future competitors are likely to continue to develop and introduce new and enhanced offerings that could cause a decline in market acceptance of our offerings, or result in the loss of major customers. Increased competition in our industry may result in price reductions, lower gross profit margins, and loss of market share, and could require increased spending on research and development, sales and marketing, and customer support. In addition, we may not be able to effectively anticipate and react to new entrants in the marketplace competing with our offerings. Further, as we expand into markets beyond our core offerings, we may face well established competitors, placing us at a disadvantage in a new competitive landscape. Some competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships with suppliers or companies that produce complementary offerings, which may create additional pressures on our competitive position in the marketplace. An inability to compete successfully could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Operational Risks The Company has substantial operations and sells a significant portion of our offerings outside of the U.S. and purchases important components, including final offerings, from suppliers located outside the U.S., many of whom with operations concentrated in China. Shipments to non-U.S. customers are expected to continue to account for a material portion of Net sales. We also expect to continue the use of third-party contract manufacturing services with non-U.S. production and assembly operations for our offerings. Risks associated with operations, sales, and purchases include: Fluctuating foreign currency rates could restrict sales, increase costs of purchasing, and affect collection of receivables outside of the U.S.; Volatility in foreign credit markets may affect the financial well-being of our customers and suppliers; Violations of anti-corruption laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, could result in large fines and penalties; Geopolitical turmoil, including popular uprisings, regional conflicts, terrorism and war could limit or prohibit our ability to transfer certain technologies, to sell our offerings, and could result in additional closure of facilities in sanctioned countries (e.g., the ongoing military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East region, and changes in China-Taiwan and U.S.-China relations); Adverse changes in, or uncertainty of, local business laws or practices, including the following: Imposition of burdensome trade policies, including tariffs, quotas, taxes, trade barriers, or capital flow restrictions; Restrictions on the export or import of technology may reduce or eliminate the ability to sell in, or purchase from, certain markets; Political and economic instability and uncertainty may reduce demand for our offerings or put our assets at risk; Limited intellectual property protection in certain countries may limit recourse against infringement on our offerings or may cause us to refrain from selling in certain geographic territories; Staffing may be difficult including higher than anticipated turnover; A government-controlled exchange rate and limitations on the convertibility of currencies, including the Chinese Yuan; Transportation delays and customs related delays may affect production and distribution of our offerings; Difficulty in effectively managing and overseeing operations that are distant and remote from corporate headquarters; and Integration and enforcement of laws vary significantly among jurisdictions and may change over time. Third parties may allege that the Company or our suppliers infringe upon their intellectual property rights. Periodically, third parties claim that we or our suppliers infringe upon their intellectual property rights. As we continue to expand our business and incorporate new technologies into our offerings, these types of claims may increase. Any of these claims, with or without merit, could result in costly litigation and divert the attention of key personnel. To the extent a violation of a third-party s patent or other intellectual property right is established, we may be prevented from operating our business as planned and we may be required to pay costly judgments or settlements, enter into costly licensing arrangements or use a non-infringing method to accomplish our business objectives, any of which could have a negative impact on our operating margins. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings for additional information regarding current patent litigation. 15 Table of Contents The inability to protect intellectual property could harm our reputation, and our competitive position may be materially damaged. Our intellectual property is valuable and provides us with certain competitive advantages. We use copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and contracts to protect these proprietary rights. Despite these precautions, third parties may be able to copy or reproduce aspects of our intellectual property and our offerings or, without authorization, to misappropriate and use information we regard as trade secrets. Additionally, the laws of certain countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S., and we might not be able to protect our intellectual property adequately against unauthorized third-party use in certain jurisdictions. Additionally, the intellectual property rights we are able to obtain may not be sufficient to provide us with a competitive advantage and may be successfully challenged, invalidated, circumvented, or infringed. In any infringement litigation that the Company may undertake to protect our intellectual property, any award of monetary damages may be unlikely or very difficult to obtain, and any such award we may receive may not be commercially valuable. Furthermore, efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights may be ineffective and could result in the invalidation or narrowing of the scope of our intellectual property and may cause us to incur substantial litigation costs. Because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of the Company s confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. Certain of our offerings rely on intellectual property, technologies, software, and content developed by, or licensed from, third parties. Certain of our offerings rely on intellectual property developed by, or licensed from, third parties, and we may not be able to maintain our relationships with such third parties or enter into similar relationships in the future on reasonable terms or at all. For example, certain of our devices are dependent on third parties continued development and support of operating systems and software application ecosystem infrastructures, and on such third parties approval of our implementations of their operating systems and associated applications. If such parties chose to, or became required to, cease continued development or support of such operating systems or to otherwise restrict our access to such operating systems, we would be required to change our strategy for such devices. Our financial results could be negatively impacted by a resulting shift away from the operating systems we currently use and the associated applications ecosystem could be costly and difficult. A strategy shift could increase the burden of development on the Company and potentially create a gap in our portfolio for a period of time, which could competitively disadvantage us. Emerging issues related to the development and use of artificial intelligence ( AI ) could give rise to legal or regulatory action, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business. Our development and use of AI technology, including generative AI, in our offerings and operations remains in the early phases. While we aim to develop and use AI responsibly and have implemented certain governance programs to attempt to mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by its development and use, we may ultimately be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving such issues before they arise. If we develop AI technologies for our offerings, or use AI technology to support our internal operations, that are controversial because of their actual or perceived impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social, economic or political issues, we may experience reputational harm or employee attrition. AI technologies can be complex, rapidly evolving, and expensive to develop and use. Flaws in AI technologies that we develop might lead to decreased market acceptance with regard to certain of our offerings. AI technologies that we use to support our operations may carry inherent risks related to: data privacy and security, such as the intended or unintended transmission of personal data or of proprietary or sensitive information; copyright, such as the incorporation of third-party copyrighted materials into large language models; data quality and bias, such as the use of inaccurate, incomplete, outdated, or biased information; and challenges implementing and maintaining AI tools, such as the complications arising from integrating such tools with existing systems and practices, and from reliance on third-party AI vendors. We also face competition from other companies that are developing their own AI technologies. Other companies may develop AI technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies or are more cost-effective to develop and deploy. Moreover, AI technology is subject to rapidly evolving domestic and international laws and regulations, which could impose significant costs and obligations on the company. For example, in 2024 the European Artificial Intelligence Act (EU) 2024/1689 went into force and established requirements and obligations for developers and deployers of AI systems. Other emerging legal frameworks may pertain to data privacy, data protection, and the ethical use of AI, as well as clarifying intellectual property considerations. We may not always be able to anticipate how to respond to such legal frameworks, and our obligation to comply with them could entail significant costs, negatively affect our business, or limit our ability to develop and use AI technology. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business operations. We rely on information technology systems throughout the Company to keep financial records, process orders, manage inventory, coordinate shipments to distributors and customers, maintain confidential and proprietary information, and other technical activities, and operate other critical functions such as internet connectivity, network communications, and email. In addition to Company-owned systems, the Company also stores confidential and proprietary information through cloud-based services that are hosted by third parties where we have less influence over security protocols. Like many companies, we continually strive to meet industry information security standards relevant to our business. We periodically perform vulnerability assessments, remediate vulnerabilities, review log/access, perform system maintenance, manage network perimeter protection, implement and manage disaster recovery testing, and 16 Table of Contents provide periodic educational sessions to our employees to foster awareness of schemes to access sensitive information. Despite our implementation of a variety of security controls and measures, as well as those of our third-party vendors, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent a cybersecurity incident. Further, as cybersecurity threats continue to rapidly evolve and become increasingly more difficult to detect and defend against, our current security controls and measures may not be effective in preventing cybersecurity incidents and we may not have the capabilities to detect and remediate certain vulnerabilities, which may allow unremediated vulnerabilities to persist over long periods of time. Accordingly, we may fail to remediate such vulnerabilities in time to prevent a cybersecurity incident. A cybersecurity incident could include an attempt to gain unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. Phishing and other types of attempts to obtain unauthorized information or access are often sophisticated and difficult to detect or defeat. Cybersecurity incidents can take a variety of forms including unintentional events as well as deliberate attacks by individuals, groups and sophisticated organizations, such as state sponsored organizations or nation-state actors. We rely on third-party vendors for certain services, which may require them to access our employee and/or customer data. While our Third-Party Risk Management (TPRM) program is designed to assess and mitigate these risks, a failure of such a vendor's security controls could lead to unauthorized data access or misuse. Any such cybersecurity incident or misuse of our employees or customers data may lead to a material disruption of our core business systems, the loss or corruption of confidential business information, and/or the disclosure of personal data that in each case could result in an adverse business impact as well as possible damage to our brand. This could also lead to a public disclosure or theft of private intellectual property and a possible loss of customer confidence. In addition, any failure on the part of one of our contract manufacturers, distributors or resellers to maintain the security of its systems or data, including via the penetration of their network security or ransomware, could result in business disruption to us and damage to our reputation. While we have experienced and expect to continue to experience cybersecurity threats and incidents, there have been no material incidents incurred to-date at the Company. However, new technologies and systems being installed with the intent of advancing capabilities and processing efficiencies may introduce new vulnerabilities which could outpace the Company s ability to properly identify, assess and address such vulnerabilities. Further, new business models that rely heavily on global digitization, use of the cloud, big data, mobile and social media could expose the Company to even more cybersecurity threats and incidents. If our core business operations, or that of one of our third-party vendors, were to be breached, this could affect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and data. Any failure on our part, or by our third-party vendors, to maintain the security of data we are required to protect, including via the penetration of our network security and the misappropriation of confidential and proprietary information, could result in: business disruption; damage to our reputation; financial obligations to third parties; fines, penalties, regulatory proceedings; private litigation with potentially large costs; deterioration in our suppliers , distributors , and customers confidence in us; as well as other competitive disadvantages. Such failures to maintain the security of data could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Although we maintain insurance related to cybersecurity risks, there can be no assurance that our insurance will cover the particular cybersecurity incident at issue or that such coverage will be sufficient. While we continue to perform security due diligence, there is always the possibility of a significant breach. Cybersecurity incidents affecting our systems or our customers systems may negatively impact our business. Our offerings are used in customer environments and have the possibility of being subject to a cybersecurity incident. Our customers may use certain of our products, solutions and services to transmit and/or process personal data and other sensitive information, and a cybersecurity incident could result in disclosure of confidential information or disrupt the availability of the customer s data and systems. Further, our customers may fail to adopt adequate security controls and measures, or may fail to timely update products and solutions deployed in their environment to install or enable security patches, which may result in cybersecurity vulnerabilities or incidents. The market perception of the effectiveness of our offerings and our reputation could also be harmed as a result of any actual or perceived cybersecurity breach that occurs in our network or in the network of a customer using our offerings, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to our offerings, the systems of other vendors, or to actions of malicious parties. It is possible that such a breach, or a perceived breach, could result in: delays in, or loss of market acceptance of, our products, solutions or services; diversion of our resources; injury to our reputation; theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets; increased service and warranty expenses; and payment of damages. To date, we have had no material incidents related to the security of our offerings. Additionally, strategic customers may negotiate specific controls and we may incur additional costs to comply with such customer-specific controls. Defects, errors, or bugs in our offerings, or in third-party components or software included in our offerings, could result in liability, reputational harm, and significant costs. Our products may contain actual or apparent design or manufacturing defects, not only in our own designed products but also in components of our products provided by third-party suppliers. Our software, third-party software included in our offerings, or servers and infrastructure upon which our offerings rely may contain undetected defects, errors, or bugs. We have been and may continue to be subject to product liability claims, including for property or economic damages or personal injury, where damages arose from our products as a result of actual or apparent design or manufacturing defects. Although we have not suffered significant harm from any defects, errors, or bugs in our offerings, we may discover significant defects, errors, or bugs in the future that we may not be able to correct or to correct in a timely manner. We seek to limit these risks through insurance protection, product design, manufacturing quality control 17 Table of Contents processes, product testing, and contractual indemnification from suppliers. However, given the growing size of our installed base and the number of applications in which our offerings are used, any future actual or alleged design or manufacturing defects, errors, or bugs may result in: product recalls; delays in, or loss of market acceptance of, our offerings; inability to deliver our offerings; diversion of resources; injury to our reputation; increased service, warranty, and legal costs; and payment of damages. Any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Our business success depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate key personnel. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by increased competition for highly skilled employees, higher employee turnover, or increased compensation and benefit costs. The future success of the Company is substantially dependent on the continued services and contributions of key personnel, including senior management and other highly skilled employees. The experience, industry knowledge, and skill sets of our employees materially benefit our operations and performance, and the ability to attract, retain, develop, and motivate highly skilled employees is important to our long-term success. Skilled employees in our industry are in high demand and competition for their experience and skill sets is intense. The incentives and benefits we have available to attract, retain, and motivate employees may become less effective as employees seek new or different opportunities based on factors such as compensation, benefits, mobility, and flexibility that are different from what we offer. Although we strive to be an employer of choice, we may not be able to continue to successfully attract, retain, develop, or motivate key personnel in the future. Any disruption in the services of key personnel, including those resulting from succession planning challenges, may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. A natural or man-made disaster, or a widespread public health issue, may have a material impact on our global operations, our customers and our vendors, which could adversely impact our business results and financial condition. Natural and man-made disasters, and widespread public health issues including pandemics, may occur in the future and the Company is not able to predict to what extent or duration any such disruptions will have on our ability to maintain ordinary business operations. The Company s facilities and operations are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, civil unrest, terrorism, or other natural or man-made disasters. If any of our facilities were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue, and result in large expenses to repair or replace the facility. A widespread public health issue could lead to global supply chain challenges, which could adversely impact our ability to procure certain components and could impact our ability to manufacture products and cause delays in delivery of our offerings to our customers. Health orders and safety protocols could further impact our on-site operations and our ability to manufacture, ship or deliver to customers. For example, in the event of another global pandemic like COVID-19, periodic spikes in widespread infection rates, and local outbreaks on our sites or our supplier, customer or vendor sites in spite of safety measures or vaccinations, could cause disruptions to our operations or those of our suppliers, customers, or vendors. Following a disruption to our business, the Company could require substantial recovery time, experience significant expenditures to resume operations, and lose significant sales. If such a disruption were to occur, we could breach agreements, our reputation could be harmed, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. The consequences of a natural and man-made disaster, or a widespread public health issue, could have a material impact on our global operations, our employees, our customers and our vendors, which could adversely impact our business results, operations, revenue, growth and overall financial condition. Large, multi-year, and fixed-price contracts may expose the Company to risks that could lead to losses and adversely affect our business. We enter into large, multi-year contracts with our customers, some of which are on a fixed-price basis, that could subject us to financial risks if we fail to properly estimate our costs. Because many of these contracts involve new technologies and applications, require us to engage subcontractors, and span multiple years, our initial cost estimates are subject to unforeseen events. These events, which include technological difficulties, fluctuations in the price of raw materials, challenges with our subcontractors or suppliers, and significant increases in inflation, may cause cost overruns and result in such contracts becoming less favorable or even unprofitable. In addition to risks related to cost estimation, these contracts may expose the Company to other challenges including technological risks, when contracts involve new technology, and cybersecurity risks, especially in offerings or managed services contracts that process personal data. Furthermore, the recovery of front-loaded costs incurred on long-term managed services and software-based offerings contracts is dependent on the continued viability of our customers. The insolvency of a customer could result in collectability risk of outstanding trade receivables, and/or a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program or offering. Such contracts financial, technological, and cybersecurity risks could have an adverse impact on the Company s profitability and financial results. We utilize the services of subcontractors to perform under many of our contracts, and the inability of our subcontractors to perform in a timely and compliant manner could negatively impact our performance obligations as the prime contractor. We engage subcontractors on many of our contracts and our use of subcontractors has and may continue to increase as we expand our global business. Our subcontractors may further subcontract performance and may supply third-party products and software. We may have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by a subcontractor and the functionality, warranty and indemnities of products, software, and services supplied by a subcontractor. We are not always successful in passing along customer requirements to our subcontractors, and thus in some 18 Table of Contents cases may be required to absorb contractual risks from our customers without corresponding back-to-back coverage from our subcontractors. Our subcontractors may not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems, and services they supply, or secure preferred warranty and indemnity coverage from their suppliers, which might result in greater product returns, service problems, warranty claims and costs, and regulatory compliance issues and could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have outsourced portions of certain business operations, such as repair, distribution, engineering services, and information technology services and may outsource additional business operations, which limits our control over these business operations and exposes us to additional risk as a result of the actions of our outsource partners. We are not able to directly control certain business operations that we outsource. Our outsource partners may not prioritize our business over that of their other customers and they may not meet our desired level of service, cost reductions, or other metrics. As many of our outsource partners operate outside of the U.S., our outsourcing activity exposes us to information security vulnerabilities and increases our global risks. In addition, we are exposed to the financial viability of our outsource partners. Once a business activity is outsourced, we may be contractually prohibited from, or may not practically be able to, bring such activity back within the Company or move it to another outsource partner. Further, from time-to-time we have, and in certain instances will continue to, transition our outsourced operations to new outsource partners and/or to different geographies. Such transition activities between new or existing outsource partners or across different geographies, as well as insourcing activities, could result in additional cost, time and management attention in order to effectively manage the transition, which could negatively impact our financial results. We rely on our channel partner network to sell many of our offerings, and failure of channel partners to effectively bring our offerings to market may negatively affect our results of operations and financial results. In addition to our own sales force, we provide our offerings through our global channel partner network of distributors, VARs, ISVs, direct marketers, and OEMs who may also market other offerings that compete with ours. Failure of one or more of these channel partners to effectively promote our offerings could affect our ability to bring offerings to market and have a negative impact on our results of operations. Changes to our channel program may cause some of our channel partners to exit the program due to modifications to the program structure, which may reduce our ability to bring offerings to market and could have a negative impact on our results of operations. Our channel partners could also face additional costs or credit concerns resulting from an uncertain economic environment that would cause such parties to reduce purchases of our offerings, thereby causing a negative impact on our financial results. Some of our channel partners are smaller and more likely to be impacted by a significant decrease in available credit that could result from a weakness in the financial markets. If credit pressures or other financial difficulties result in insolvency for channel partners and we are unable to successfully transition end-customers to purchase our offerings from other channel partners or from us directly, it may cause, and in some cases has caused, a negative impact on our financial results. Final assembly of certain of our hardware products is performed by third party electronics manufacturers, including EMSs and JDMs. We may be dependent on such electronics manufacturers as a sole-source of supply for the manufacture of such products. A failure by such electronics manufacturers to provide manufacturing services to us as we require, or any disruption in such manufacturing services up to and including a catastrophic shut-down, may adversely affect our business results. Because we rely on these electronics manufacturers to manufacture certain of our hardware products, we may incur increased business continuity risks. We are not able to exercise direct control over the assembly or related operations of certain of our products. If these electronics manufacturers experience business difficulties or fail to meet our manufacturing needs, then we may be unable to satisfy customer demand, lose sales, and be unable to maintain customer relationships. Longer production lead times may result in shortages of certain products and inadequate inventories during periods of unanticipated higher demand. Without such electronics manufacturers continuing to manufacture our products, we may have no other means of final assembly of certain of our products until we are able to secure the manufacturing capability at another facility or develop an alternative manufacturing facility. This transition could be costly and time consuming. We have taken actions to diversify, and may take additional actions to diversify in the future, our product sourcing footprint. Such actions have resulted and may again result in additional costs. Failure of our suppliers, subcontractors, outsource partners, channel partners, and electronics manufacturers to use acceptable legal or ethical business practices could negatively impact our business. We require our suppliers, subcontractors, outsource partners, channel partners, and electronics manufacturers to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, including those regarding working conditions, employment practices, environmental compliance, anti-corruption, and trademark and copyright licensing. However, we do not control these parties labor and other business practices. If one of these parties violates labor or other laws, or implements labor or other business practices that are regarded as unethical, negligent, or reckless, operations could be disrupted, the shipment of finished products to us could be interrupted, orders could be canceled, relationships could be terminated, and our reputation could be damaged. If one of our suppliers or subcontractors fails to procure necessary license rights to trademarks, copyrights, or patents, legal action could be taken against the Company that could impact the salability of our offerings, and expose us to financial obligations to a third party. In some cases, our outsource partners actions may result in our being found to be in violation of laws or regulations, such as import or export regulations. Any of these events could have a negative impact on our sales and results of operations. 19 Table of Contents Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and components, as well as services and software to meet the demands of customers. We source some of our components from sole-source suppliers. Any disruption to our suppliers or significant increase in the price of supplies, inclusive of transportation costs, or change in customer demand could have a negative impact on our results of operations. Our ability to meet customers demands depends, in part, on our ability to obtain in a timely manner an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components, as well as services and software from our suppliers, and our ability to deliver offerings to our customers. In addition, certain supplies are available only from a single source or limited sources and we may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner. If demand for our offerings increases from our current expectations or if suppliers are unable or unwilling to meet our demand for other reasons, including as a result of natural disasters, public health issues, severe weather conditions, or financial issues, we could experience an interruption in supplies or a significant increase in the price of supplies that could have a negative impact on our business. We have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our results of operations and may experience such shortages in the future. At times we have and may continue to execute multi-year purchase commitments with suppliers that contain minimum spend thresholds, which we are obligated to fulfill even if customer demand declines, and may require that we purchase inventory that exceeds our forecasted demand. In addition, volatility in customer demand, offering availability, and transport costs, may result in increased operating input costs, elevated inventory levels, as well as inventory-related losses. Also, credit constraints at our suppliers could cause us to accelerate payment of accounts payable by us, impacting our cash flow. In addition, our current contracts with certain suppliers may be canceled or not extended by such suppliers and, therefore, not afford us with sufficient protection against a reduction or interruption in supplies. Moreover, in the event any of these suppliers breach their contracts with us, our legal remedies associated with such a breach may be insufficient to compensate us for any damages we may suffer. Our order backlog may not be a reliable indicator of our future operating results. Our order backlog may be fulfilled several quarters following receipt of a purchase order, either due to customer schedules or delays caused by supply chain constraints, which may negatively impact our ability to convert our order backlog into revenue. If we experience a significant disruption in our IT systems, our business, reputation, and operating results could be adversely affected. Our business processes depend on our IT systems, and the IT systems and processes of third parties to provide offerings, maintain financial records, retain sensitive data such as intellectual property, proprietary business information, and data related to customers, suppliers, and business partners, process orders, manage inventory, process shipments to customers and operate other critical functions. Disruptions to our IT systems from system failures, shutdowns, implementation of new operational systems or software or upgrades to existing systems and software, and other events, including disruptions at our cloud computing, server, systems, and other third-party IT service providers, could interfere with our operations, interrupt order processing and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact our reputation. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition, and no assurance can be given that our efforts to reduce the risk of such events will be successful. Financial and Market Risks The impact of trade policy changes in the United States and corresponding actions by other countries in which the Company does business could adversely affect our financial performance. The Company currently imports a significant percentage of our offerings into the U.S., and international trade disputes and increased tariffs between the U.S. and other countries in which the Company does business, including China, could negatively impact the Company s financial performance. Certain of our suppliers and other entities with whom we do business have operations concentrated in China and other non-U.S. countries. Their ability to supply materials to us, purchase our offerings, or otherwise work with us is affected by their ability to do business in such non-U.S. countries. If the U.S. s relationship with other countries results in additional trade disputes, trade protection measures, retaliatory actions, tariffs and increased barriers, policies that favor domestic industries, or increased import or export licensing requirements or restrictions, then our operations may be adversely affected due to such changes in the economic and political ecosystem in which our suppliers and other entities with whom we do business operate. Although the Company has taken actions to diversify its product sourcing footprint, these efforts may not be sufficient to mitigate negative impacts on the Company s financial performance resulting from certain changes to trade policies. 20 Table of Contents Our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations on cross-border transactions and the translation of local currency results into U.S. dollars could negatively impact our results of operations. We provide our offerings globally, and higher volatility and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could have a significant impact on our reported consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, which are presented in U.S. dollars. Accordingly, significant changes in foreign exchange rates, particularly the Euro, British Pound Sterling and Czech Koruna, has had in the past, and could continue to, cause fluctuations in the reported results of our businesses operations that could negatively affect our results of operations. Additionally, the strengthening of certain currencies such as the U.S. dollar potentially exposes us to competitive threats from lower-cost producers in other countries. Further, our sales are translated into U.S. dollars for reporting purposes, and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar has in the past, and could continue to, result in unfavorable translation effects as the results of non-U.S. locations are translated into U.S. dollars. From time to time, we may use derivative financial instruments, including foreign currency exchange contracts, to manage foreign exchange rate risks. However, our hedging strategies may be ineffective, may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from foreign exchange rate variations, or may result in losses. Taxing authority challenges may lead to tax payments exceeding current reserves. We are subject to, and may become subject to, ongoing tax examinations in various jurisdictions. As a result, we may record incremental tax expense based on expected outcomes of such matters. In addition, we may adjust previously reported tax reserves based on expected results of these examinations. Such adjustments could result in an increase or decrease to the Company s effective tax rate and cash flows. Future changes in tax law in various jurisdictions around the world and income tax holidays could have a material impact on our effective tax rate, foreign rate differential, future income tax expense, and cash flows. Forecasting our estimated annual effective tax rate is complex and subject to uncertainty, and there may be material differences between our forecasted and actual tax rates. Forecasts of our income tax position and effective tax rate are complex, subject to uncertainty and periodic updates because our income tax position for each year combines the effects of a mix of profits earned and losses incurred by us in various tax jurisdictions with a broad range of income tax rates, as well as changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the impact of various accounting rules and changes to these rules, the results of examinations by various tax authorities, and the impact of any acquisition, business combination, disposition or other reorganization, or financing transaction. As a multinational corporation, we conduct our business in many countries and are subject to taxation in many jurisdictions. The taxation of our business is subject to the application of multiple, and sometimes conflicting, tax laws and regulations, as well as multinational tax conventions. Many countries have recently adopted, or are considering the adoption of, revisions to their respective tax laws based on the on-going reports issued by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD )/G20 Base Erosion and Profit Shifting ( BEPS ) Project, which could materially impact our tax liability due to our organizational structure and significant operations outside of the U.S. Our effective tax rate is highly dependent upon the geographic distribution of our worldwide earnings or losses resulting from our structure and operating model, the tax regulations and tax holidays in each geographic region, and the availability of tax credits and carry-forwards. The application of tax laws and regulations is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment, and uncertainty. Tax laws themselves are subject to change as a result of changes in fiscal policy, changes in legislation, and the evolution of regulations and court rulings. Consequently, taxing authorities may impose tax assessments or judgments against us that could materially impact our tax liability and/or our effective income tax rate. Economic conditions and financial market disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations . Adverse economic conditions or reduced and/or changes in the timing and amount of information technology spending may negatively impact our business. General disruption of financial markets and a related general economic downturn or uncertainty could adversely affect our business and financial condition through a reduction in demand for our offerings by our customers. If a downturn were severe enough, it could require further impairment testing and write-downs of goodwill and other intangible assets. Cost reduction actions have been and may be necessary in the future resulting in restructuring charges as well as changes in staffing levels which may strain our resources. If there is a downturn in the markets in which our customers operate, orders from customers in such markets may decline, be delayed or be cancelled. A tightening of financial credit or an increase in the cost of borrowing could adversely affect our customers, suppliers, outsourced manufacturers, and channel partners (e.g., distributors and resellers) from obtaining adequate credit for the financing of significant purchases. An economic down