=== BG_2026-02-19.htm.gz | 10-K Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors " 16 Table of Contents section; • challenges in maintaining an effective internal control environment with operations in multiple international locations, including language differences, varying levels of U.S. GAAP expertise in international locations and multiple financial information systems; • changes in a country’s or region’s economic or political condition; and • labor disruptions, civil unrest, significant political instability, coup attempts, wars or other armed conflict or acts of terrorism, such as the ongoing conflicts in the Middle East. See also " —The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations." These risks could adversely affect our operations, business strategies, and operating results. As a result of our international operations, we are also exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. Changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies, particularly the Brazilian real , Canadian dollar , the euro , and Chinese yuan/renminbi affect our revenues and expenses that are denominated in local currencies, affect farm economics in those regions and may also have a negative impact on the value of our assets located outside of the United States. Additionally, there continues to be a great deal of uncertainty regarding U.S. and global trade policies for companies with multinational operations like ours. In recent years, there has been an increase in populism and nationalism in various countries around the world and consequently historical free trade principles are being challenged. As we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on the nature and extent of any such changes and how well we are able to anticipate, respond to and effectively manage any such changes. Government policies and regulations affecting the agricultural sector and related industries could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Agricultural commodity production and trade flows are significantly affected by government policies and regulations. Governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes (including "windfall profits" taxes), tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions, price controls on agricultural commodities, and energy policies (including biofuels mandates), can influence industry profitability, the planting of certain crops versus other uses of agricultural resources, the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded, and the volume and types of imports and exports. Additionally, regulation of financial markets and instruments in the United States and internationally may create uncertainty as these laws are adopted and implemented and may impose significant additional risks and costs that could impact our risk management practices. Further, increases in food and fertilizer prices have in the past resulted in increased scrutiny of our industries under antitrust and competition laws in various jurisdictions and increase the risk that these laws could be interpreted, administered or enforced in a manner that could affect our operations or impose liabilities on us that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Future governmental policies, regulations or actions impacting our industries may adversely affect the supply of, demand for, and prices of our products, restrict our ability to do business in existing and target markets, or engage in risk management activities and otherwise cause our financial results to suffer. In addition, international trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions, particularly disputes involving the United States and China. For example, prior trade disputes between the United States and China have led, and may in the future lead to, both countries to implement tariffs on imported goods. An implementation of tariffs or additional tariffs on imports of U.S. agricultural products into China could result in the reinstatement or escalation of retaliatory tariffs on U.S. agricultural products by China. This has in the past led, and can in the future lead, to significant volatility in commodity prices, disruptions in historical trade flows and shifts in planting patterns in the United States and South America, which have presented challenges and uncertainties for our business. We cannot predict the impact that future trade policy or negotiated trade agreements could have on our business and operations. Additionally, failure to resolve any trade dispute between the countries may also lead to unexpected operating difficulties, enhanced regulatory scrutiny, greater difficulty transferring funds, and negative currency impacts. 17 Table of Contents We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, divestitures, or joint ventures. We have been an active acquirer of other companies, including our recent Viterra Acquisition. We also have joint ventures with several partners, including the Bunge Chevron JV for manufacturing low lifecycle carbon intensity transportation fuels. Part of our strategy involves acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures designed to expand or optimize our portfolio of businesses. Our ability to benefit from acquisitions, joint ventures, and alliances depends on many factors, including our ability to identify suitable prospects, access funding sources on acceptable terms, negotiate favorable transaction terms, and successfully consummate and integrate any businesses we acquire. In addition, we proactively review our portfolio of businesses in order to identify opportunities to enhance shareholder value and may decide as a result of such reviews or otherwise, from time to time, to divest certain of our assets or businesses by selling them or entering into joint ventures, such as the divestiture of our 50% ownership share in BP Bunge Bioenergia in October 2024 and the div estiture of 40% of our Spanish operating subsidiary BISA in March 2025 . Our ability to successfully complete a divestiture will depend on, among other things, our ability to identify buyers that are prepared to acquire such assets or businesses on acceptable terms and to adjust and optimize our retained businesses following the divestiture. Our acquisition, joint venture, or divestiture activities may involve unanticipated delays, costs, and other problems. If we encounter unexpected problems with acquisitions, joint ventures, or divestitures, our senior management may be required to divert attention away from other aspects of our businesses to address these problems. Additionally, we may fail to consummate proposed acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, after incurring expenses and devoting substantial resources, including management time, to such transactions. Acquisitions also pose the risk that we may be exposed to successor liability relating to actions by an acquired company and its management before the acquisition. The due diligence we conduct in connection with an acquisition, the controls and policies we implement at acquired companies, and any contractual guarantees or indemnities that we receive from the sellers of acquired companies, may not be sufficient to protect us from, or compensate us for, actual liabilities. A material liability associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations and reduce the benefits of the acquisition. Additionally, acquisitions involve other risks, such as differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities, systems integration risks, the risk of impairment charges relating to goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with acquisitions, the risk of significant accounting charges and expenses resulting from the completion and integration of a sizable acquisition, the need to fund increased capital expenditures and working capital requirements, our ability to retain and motivate employees of acquired entities, compliance and reputational risks and other unanticipated problems and liabilities. See the risk factors under the section entitled "Risks Relating to the Combined Company Following our Acquisition of Viterra" under this Item 1A for additional discussions on our recent Acquisition of Viterra. Divestitures may also expose us to potential liabilities or claims for indemnification, as we may be required to retain certain liabilities or indemnify buyers for certain matters, including legal, environmental, or litigation matters associated with the assets or businesses that we sell. For example, we agreed to indemnify the buyer against future losses associated with certain legal claims in connection with the divestiture of BP Bunge Bioenergia. In connection with the sale of our Russian operations in 2023, we agreed to indemnify the buyer against certain existing legal claims related to the business. The magnitude of any such retained liability or indemnification obligation may be difficult to quantify at the time of the transaction and its cost to us could ultimately exceed the proceeds we receive for the divested assets or businesses. Divestitures also have other inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses and unexpected costs or other difficulties associated with the separation of the businesses to be sold from our information technology systems and other management processes, including the loss of key personnel. Further, expected cost savings or other anticipated efficiencies or benefits from divestitures may also be difficult to achieve or maximize. Additionally, we have several joint ventures and investments in which we have limited control over governance, financial reporting, and operations. As a result, we face certain operating, financial, and other risks relating to these investments, including risks related to the financial strength of our joint venture partners or their willingness to provide adequate funding for the joint venture, having differing objectives from our partners, the inability to implement some actions with respect to the joint venture's activities that we may believe are favorable if the joint venture partner does not agree, compliance risks relating to actions of the joint venture or our partners, and the risk that we will be unable to effectively work with or resolve disputes with the joint venture partner. As a result, these investments may contribute significantly less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flows. We are subject to industry and other risks that could adversely affect our reputation and financial results. We are subject to food and feed industry risks which include, but are not limited to, spoilage, contamination, tampering or other adulteration of products, product liability claims, and recalls. We are also subject to shifts in customer and consumer preferences, and concerns regarding the outbreak of disease associated with livestock and poultry, including avian or swine influenza. Also, a focus on climate change, deforestation, water, animal welfare and human rights concerns, and other risks 18 Table of Contents associated with the global food system has led to, and may in the future lead to increased activism focusing on food companies and their suppliers, governmental intervention and consumer responses. These risks could adversely affect our, or our suppliers’, reputations and businesses and our ability to procure the materials we need to operate our business. As a company whose products comprise staple food and feed products sold globally, as well as ingredients included in trusted food brands of our customers, maintaining a good corporate reputation is critical to our continued success. Reputational value is based in large part on perceptions, which can shift rapidly in response to negative incidents. The failure or alleged failure to maintain high standards for quality, safety, integrity, environmental sustainability, employee rights, and social responsibility, including with respect to raw materials and services obtained from suppliers, even if untrue, may result in tangible effects, such as reduced demand for our products, disruptions to our operations, increased costs and a loss of market share to competitors. Our reputation and results of operations could also be adversely impacted by changing consumer preferences and perceptions relating to some of the products we sell, such as with regard to the quantity and type of fats, sugars, and grains consumed, the changing perception of the benefits of seed oils, and concerns regarding genetically modified crops. Failure to anticipate, adapt or respond effectively to these trends or issues may result in material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations globally, which could adversely affect our operating results. Due to our global business operations, we are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. These laws and regulations include general business regulations, such as with respect to taxes, accounting, anti-corruption and fair competition, trade sanctions, product safety, and environmental matters, as well as those governing the manufacturing, production, handling, storage, transport, marketing and sale of our products. We are also required to comply with laws and regulations relating to facility licensing and permitting, food and feed safety, the handling and production of regulated substances, nutritional and labeling requirements, global trade compliance and other matters. Our operations and those of our suppliers are also subject to restrictions on land use in certain protected areas, forestry reserve requirements, and limitations on water use. In addition to liabilities arising out of our current and future operations for which we have ongoing processes to manage compliance with regulatory obligations, we may be subject to environmental liabilities for past operations at current facilities and in some cases to liabilities for past operations at facilities that we no longer own or operate. We may also be subject to liabilities for operations of acquired companies. Our industrial activities can also result in serious accidents that could result in personal injuries, facility shutdowns, reputational harm to our business and/or the expenditure of significant amounts to remediate safety issues or repair damaged facilities. We may incur material costs or liabilities to comply with environmental, health and safety requirements. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may subject us to substantial fines, administrative sanctions, criminal penalties, revocations of operating permits and/or shutdowns of our facilities, litigation, and other liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation. Due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including U.S. regulations issued by Customs and Border Protection, the Bureau of Industry and Security, the Office of Antiboycott Compliance, the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls and Office of Foreign Assets Control, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries. Any alleged or actual violations may subject us to government scrutiny, investigation and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our ability to import or export our products, or to provide services outside the United States. Furthermore, embargoes and sanctions imposed by the United States and other governments restricting or prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries or based on product classification may expose us to potential criminal or civil sanctions. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or in certain locations the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. In addition, continued government and public emphasis in countries in which we operate on environmental issues, including climate change, conservation and natural resource management, have resulted in and could result in new or more stringent forms of regulatory oversight or other limitations on the agricultural industry, including increased environmental controls, land-use restrictions affecting us or our suppliers and other conditions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. For example, certain aspects of our business and the larger food production chain generate carbon emissions. A number of jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce GHG emissions, including, but not limited to, the United States, Canada, Mexico, the European Union and its member states, and China. For example, the EUDR, which becomes effective in December 2026 requires companies trading in certain commodities, including palm oil and soy, as well as products derived from these commodities, to ensure these commodities and related products do not result from deforestation, forest degradation, or breaches of local laws after December 31, 2020 in order to sell such products in the European Union. The imposition of regulatory restrictions related to GHG emissions and conservation in many markets in which we operate, which may include limitations on GHG emissions, national emission reduction plans, requirements to make additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes, other restrictions on industrial operations, taxes or fees on GHG emissions, and 19 Table of Contents other measures, could affect land-use decisions, the cost of agricultural production and the cost and means of processing and transporting our products, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, and results of operations. We are also subject to a number of sustainability disclosure frameworks, such as the CSRD in the European Union, and the Swiss non-financial reporting requirements and child labor due diligence and transparency, and the California Climate Accountability Package, and as certain regulators increasingly focus on climate change and other sustainability matters, we may become subject to new, more stringent sustainability disclosure frameworks. See "Item 1. Business-Government Regulation." We are exposed to credit and counterparty risk relating to our customer and supplier counterparties in the ordinary course of business. In particular, we advance capital and provide other financing arrangements to farmers in Brazil and, as a result, our business and financial results may be adversely affected if these farmers are unable to repay the capital advanced to them. We have various credit terms with customers, and our customers have varying degrees of creditworthiness, which exposes us to the risk of non-payment or other default under our contracts and other arrangements with them. In the event that we experience significant defaults on their payment obligations to us, our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. In Brazil, where there have been limited third-party financing sources available to farmers, we provide financing to farmers from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities through prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances, which are generally intended to be short-term in nature and are typically secured by the farmer's crop and a mortgage on the farmer's land and other assets to provide a means of repayment in the potential event of crop failure or shortfall. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, we had approximately $835 million and $478 million in outstanding prepaid commodity purchase contracts, and advances to farmers. We are exposed to the risk that the underlying crop will be insufficient to satisfy a farmer's obligation under the financing arrangements as a result of weather and crop growing conditions, and other factors that influence the price, supply and demand for agricultural commodities. In addition, any collateral held by us as part of these financing transactions may not be sufficient to fully protect us from loss. We are a capital intensive business and depend on cash provided by our operations as well as access to external financing to operate and grow our business. We require significant amounts of capital to operate our business and fund capital expenditures. Our working capital needs are directly affected by the prices of agricultural commodities, with increases in commodity prices generally causing increases in our borrowing levels. We are also required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain, upgrade, and expand our extensive network of storage facilities, processing plants, refineries, mills, logistics assets, and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances and safety and environmental standards. Furthermore, the expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require us to make significant investments into our business. Although we are selective with the capital expenditures and other investments we make, we may not realize the benefits of such capital expenditures and investments in the expected time frame, if at all. The expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities also may require access to significant amounts of capital. In connection with the Acquisition of Viterra, we incurred a substantial amount of indebtedness, including assuming indebtedness of Viterra. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or raise sufficient external financing on attractive terms to fund these activities, including as a result of a tightening in the global credit markets, we may be forced to limit our operations and growth plans, which may adversely impact our competitiveness and, therefore, our results of operations. At December 31, 2025, Bunge had $9,065 million unused and available committed borrowing capacity comprising committed revolving credit facilities with a number of financial institutions. At December 31, 2025, our total debt balance was $14,051 million, which is a higher balance compared to recent years as a result of the Viterra Acquisition. Our debt levels could limit our ability to obtain additional financing, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete, place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged than we are, and require us to dedicate more cash on a relative basis to servicing our debt and less to developing our business. This may limit our ability to run our business and use our resources in the manner in which we would like. Furthermore, difficult conditions in global credit or financial markets, including increases in interest rates and diminished liquidity and credit availability, generally could increase the cost to finance our operations, adversely impact our ability to refinance maturing debt or the cost or other terms of such refinancing, or adversely affect the financial position of the lenders with whom we do business, which may reduce our ability to obtain financing for our operations. See "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Liquidity and Capital Resources. " Access to credit markets and pricing of company debt is also dependent on maintaining appropriate credit ratings, and one of our financial objectives has been to maintain an investment grade credit rating. While our debt agreements do not have any credit rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity of our debt, reductions in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and, depending on their severity, could impede our ability to obtain credit facilities or access the 20 Table of Contents capital markets in the future on favorable terms, as well as impair our ability to compete effectively relative to competitors with higher credit ratings. Our risk management strategies may not be effective. Our business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity prices, transportation costs, energy prices, interest rates, and foreign currency exchange rates. We engage in hedging transactions to manage these risks. However, our exposures may not always be fully hedged, and our hedging strategies may not be successful in minimizing our exposure to these fluctuations. In addition, our risk management strategies may seek to position our overall portfolio relative to expected market movements. While we have implemented a broad range of risk monitoring and control procedures and policies to mitigate potential losses, they may not in all cases be successful in anticipating a significant risk exposure and protecting us from losses that have the potential to impair our financial position. See "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk ". The loss of, or a disruption in, our manufacturing and distribution operations or other operations and systems could adversely affect our business. We are engaged in manufacturing and distribution activities on a global scale, and our business depends on our ability to execute and monitor, on a daily basis, a significant number of transactions across numerous markets or geographies. As a result, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental events, fires, explosions, strikes and other labor or industrial disputes, disruptions in logistics or information systems, as well as natural disasters, pandemics, wars (including the Ukraine-Russia war and conflicts in the Middle East), acts of terrorism, and other external factors over which we have no control. While we insure ourselves against many of these types of risks in accordance with industry standards, our level of insurance may not cover all losses. The potential effects of these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our information technology systems, processes and sites may suffer interruptions, security breaches or failures that may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. We rely on certain key information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, to provide critical data and services for internal and external users, including procurement and inventory management, transaction processing, financial, commercial and operational data, human resources management, legal and tax compliance, and other information and processes necessary to operate and manage our business. If we or our third-party service providers do not respond or perform effectively in connection with a cybersecurity incident or system failure, our business may be impacted. Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted cybersecurity attacks pose a potentially significant risk to the security of our information technology systems, networks and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and the confidential data of our employees, customers, suppliers and other third parties that we may hold. Such vulnerabilities include, among other things, social engineering threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats, zero-day vulnerability exploits, and cyberattacks utilizing emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence ("AI") and machine learning. We have historically and may in the future incur significant costs in protecting against potential security breaches, cyber-based attacks, or other cybersecurity incidents. We and our third-party service providers are targeted by malicious actors and expect such incidents to continue and the frequency and severity of such attacks to increase. Additionally, while we have agreements with many of the third-party service providers regarding the restrictions and limitations on their use of our data in generative AI applications, there is a risk that our sensitive and proprietary data could be inadvertently or maliciously exposed by these service providers. While we have implemented cybersecurity and data protection measures, our efforts to minimize the risks and impacts of cyberattacks and protect our information technology systems may be insufficient and we may experience significant breaches or other failures or disruptions that could compromise our systems and the information we store and, ultimately, affect our business operations and results of operations. Additionally, hybrid or remote work arrangements among our employees and employees of our third-party providers present additional operational risks to our information technology systems, including, but not limited to, increased risks of cyberattacks and security breaches. We are also exposed to the risk of insider threat attacks. New technology that could result in greater operational efficiency, such as the rapid development and increased adoption of AI technology, may further expose our computer systems to the risk of cyberattacks, and may create the need for rapid modifications to our cybersecurity program to mitigate those risks. In addition, political tensions, wars, or other military conflicts, and civil unrests also have an impact on the cybersecurity risk landscape

=== BG_2026-04-29.htm.gz | 10-Q Item 1A extract ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our 2025 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or operating results. 53 Table of Contents ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS None. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 6. EXHIBITS (a) The Exhibit Index below contains a list of exhibits filed or furnished as part of this Quarterly Report. 54 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX 10.1 * First Amendment, dated as of February 27, 2026, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (dated as of October 3, 2025) by and among Bunge Limited Finance Corp., as Borrower, CoBank, ACB, as Administrative Agent and Arranger, and the several lenders from time to time parties thereto (incorporated by reference from the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2026) 10.2 +++ Thirtieth Amendment to Receivables Transfer Agreement, dated March 31, 2026, among Bunge and certain of its subsidiaries with a financial institution, as administrative agent, and certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers (incorporated by reference from the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2026) 10.3 Ninth Amended and Restated Receivables Transfer Agreement, dated March 31, 2026, among Bunge and certain of its subsidiaries with a financial institution, as administrative agent, and certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers (incorporated by reference from the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2026) 10.4 *+++ Form of Executive Integration Incentive Performance Unit Agreement under the Bunge 2024 Long-Term Incentive Plan 22.1 * Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities 31.1 * Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 * Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 ** Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 ** Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 101 SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101 CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101 LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101 PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101 DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101 INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) * Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. +++ Certain information contained in this exhibit, marked by [***], has been omitted because it (i) is not material and (ii) is the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 55 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. BUNGE GLOBAL SA Date: April 29, 2026 By: /s/ John W. Neppl John W. Neppl Chief Financial Officer /s/ J. Matt Simmons, Jr. J. Matt Simmons, Jr. Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 56 