=== BG_2026-02-19.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors," as well as "Item 1. Business," "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and elsewhere in this Annual Report, including: the impact on our employees, operations, and facilities from the war in Ukraine and the resulting economic and other sanctions imposed on Russia, including the impact on us resulting from the continuation and/or escalation of the war and sanctions against Russia; the effect of weather conditions and the impact of crop and animal disease on our business; the impact of global and regional economic, agricultural, financial and commodities market, political, social and health conditions; changes in government policies and laws affecting our business, including agricultural, trade, tariff and foreign investment policies, financial markets regulation and environmental, tax and biofuels regulation; the impact of seasonality; the outcome of pending regulatory and legal proceedings; our ability to complete, integrate and benefit from acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and strategic alliances, including without limitation Bunge s business combination with Viterra Limited ("Viterra"); the impact of industry conditions, including fluctuations in supply, demand and prices for agricultural commodities and other raw materials and products that we sell and use in our business, fluctuations in energy and freight costs and competitive developments in our industries; the effectiveness of our capital allocation plans, funding needs and financing sources; the effectiveness of our risk management strategies; operational risks, including industrial accidents, natural disasters, pandemics or epidemics, wars and cybersecurity incidents; changes in foreign exchange policy or rates; the impact of our dependence on third parties; our ability to attract and retain executive management and key personnel; and other factors affecting our business generally. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, you should not place undue reliance on any forward looking statements contained in this Annual Report. Additional risks that we may currently deem immaterial or that are not presently known to us could also cause the forward looking events discussed in this Annual Report not to occur. Except as otherwise required by federal securities law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Annual Report. 2 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are a premier agribusiness solutions company, connecting farmers to consumers and delivering essential food, feed and fuel to the world. Our dedicated employees, integrated operations and global footprint give us access to key markets and a diverse agricultural network covering major crops. These capabilities help us manage seasonal cycles, weather variability and other risks as we partner with farmers to move crops from where they are grown to where they are needed. With more than 200 years of experience and operations in more than 50 countries, we are: a leading global oilseed processor and producer of vegetable oils and protein meal, based on processing capacity and volume; a leading global grain merchandiser, based on volume; a leading seller of packaged plant-based oils worldwide, based on sales; and a leading producer and seller of wheat flours, bakery mixes and related products in South America, based on volume. Our global operations include purchasing, storing, transporting, processing, selling and distributing agricultural commodities and related products. We also provide financial, risk management and logistics services to support our customers and enhance our value chains. The commodities we source and markets we serve are essential to everyday life from the grains and oilseeds that are part of the food supply chain, to the cotton used in clothing, to the energy products that power industries and transportation. We operate facilities in North and South America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific, and maintain merchandising and distribution offices worldwide. Operating Segments We conduct our operations through four reportable segments: Soybean Processing and Refining, Softseed Processing and Refining, Other Oilseeds Processing and Refining, and Grain Merchandising and Milling, which are organized based upon their similar economic characteristics, products and services offered, production processes, types and classes of customer, and distribution methods. The Company s remaining operations are classified as Corporate and Other. The following summarizes the key characteristics of each of our operating segments. Our transformative acquisition (the "Acquisition") of Viterra, which is discussed below, impacts the Soybean Processing and Refining, Softseed Processing and Refining, and Grain Merchandising and Milling segments. Soybean Processing and Refining Segment Our Soybean Processing and Refining segment is a globally integrated business principally involved in the purchase, storage, transportation, processing, distribution, refining, marketing, and sale of soybeans and soybean related products, as well as biodiesel and fertilizer production and distribution. We process soybeans into protein meals and crude and refined vegetable oils and fats, principally for the food, animal feed and biofuel industries, through a global network of facilities. Key Commodities Soybean, Soybean Meal, Soybean Oil Key Regions and Processing Capacity 47% in South America, 25% in North America, 15% in Asia-Pacific, and 13% in Europe Customers Animal feed manufacturers, Livestock producers, Biofuel companies, Other oilseed processors, and a variety of customers that purchase our refined oil products Raw Materials Globally sourced directly from farmers or indirectly through intermediaries. Competition Due to the commodity nature, markets for our soybeans, soybean meal, and crude soybean oil are highly competitive and subject to product substitution. Competition is principally based on price, quality, product and service offerings, and geographic location. Competition for refined soybean oil is based on a number of factors, including price, raw material procurement, distribution capability, cost structure, brand recognition, product quality, product innovation, technical support, composition and nutritional value, and advertising and promotion. 3 Table of Contents Key Competitors Archer Daniels Midland Co. ("ADM"), Cargill Incorporated ("Cargill"), Louis Dreyfus Company B.V. ( Louis Dreyfus ), Wilmar International Limited ("Wilmar"), and COFCO International, as well as a variety of regional players in each region Financial Services and Activities To secure our annual supply of raw materials, particularly in Brazil, we provide financing services to farmers from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities. Our farmer financing activities are an integral part of our grain and oilseed origination operations. Recent Acquisitions/ Dispositions On March 4, 2025, we completed the divestment of 40% of our Spanish operating subsidiary, Bunge Iberica SA ("BISA"), which operates three industrial facilities in Spain, to Repsol SA. We maintain a controlling financial interest in BISA and continue to consolidate the entity. Softseed Processing and Refining Segment Our Softseed Processing and Refining segment is a globally integrated business principally involved in the purchase, storage, transportation, processing, distribution, refining, marketing, and sale of softseeds (canola/rapeseed and sunflower seed) and softseed related products, as well as biodiesel production and distribution. Key Commodities Canola/Rapeseed, Sunflower Seed, Canola/Rapeseed Meal, Sunflower Meal, Canola/Rapeseed Oil, Sunflower Oil Key Regions and Processing Capacity 53% in Europe, 30% in North America, 13% in South America, and 4% in Asia-Pacific Customers Animal feed manufacturers, Livestock producers, Biofuel companies, Other oilseed processors, and a variety of customers that purchase our refined oil products Raw Materials Globally sourced directly from farmers or indirectly through intermediaries. Competition Due to the commodity nature, markets for our softseeds, softseed meal, and crude softseed oil are highly competitive and subject to product substitution. Competition is principally based on price, quality, product and service offerings, and geographic location. Competition for refined softseed oil is based on a number of factors, including price, raw material procurement, distribution capability, cost structure, brand recognition, product quality, product innovation, technical support, composition and nutritional value, and advertising and promotion. Key Competitors ADM, Cargill, Louis Dreyfus, and Wilmar, as well as a variety of regional players in each region Recent Acquisitions/ Dispositions In 2025, Bunge acquired an oilseed crush operation in western Ukraine from Varthomio ("ViOil"). On February 3, 2023, we completed the disposition of our Russian operations. Other Oilseeds Processing and Refining Segment Our Other Oilseeds Processing and Refining segment is a globally integrated business principally involved in products of a specialty nature, including the purchase, storage, transportation, processing, distribution, refining, marketing, and sale of these related products. Key Commodities Palm Oil, Palm Kernel Oil, Shea Butter, Coconut Oil, various other Seed Oils, Soy Protein Concentrates, and Textured Soy Flour Key Regions We have processing, refining, and packaging facilities in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Africa. We also have tolling operations in South America. Our other oilseeds processing and refining business comprises our business to business ("B2B") and business to consumer ("B2C") refined and specialty oils offerings, including our 80% ownership interest in our Loders joint venture with IOI Corporation Berhad. Our soy protein concentrate business is primarily located in North America. Products We refine and fractionate tropical oils, including palm oil, palm kernel oil, coconut oil, and shea butter, and blend and refine with various other vegetable oils, including soybean, rapeseed/canola, and sunflower oils. Additionally, we produce specialty ingredients derived from soybeans, such as soy protein concentrate, which is used in a broad range of food and feed applications. 4 Table of Contents Customers Leading customers include baked goods companies, snack food producers, confectioners, restaurant chains, food service operators, human nutrition companies, meat producers, meat alternative producers, petfood companies, and other food manufacturers who use vegetable oils, shortenings, and soy protein concentrate as ingredients in their operations. Other customers include grocery chains, wholesalers, distributors, and other retailers who sell to consumers either under our own brand names or private labels. These customers include global and national food processors and manufacturers, many of which are leading brand owners in their product categories. Raw Materials Globally sourced directly from farmers, plantations, processors, other refiners, or indirectly through intermediaries. Competition Competition is based on a number of factors, including price, raw material procurement, distribution capability, cost structure, brand recognition, product quality, product innovation, technical support, composition and nutritional value, and advertising and promotion. Our products may compete with widely advertised, well-known, branded products, as well as private label and customized products. Key Competitors ADM, AAK AB, Cargill, Fuji Oil Co. Ltd., and Wilmar, as well as a variety of regional players in each region Recent Acquisitions/ Dispositions On August 5, 2025, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with Solae, L.L.C. to acquire substantially all assets related to the lecithin, soy protein concentrate and crush businesses of International Flavors and Fragrances, Inc. The transaction is expected to close in 2026, subject to customary closing conditions. On March 21, 2025, we entered into an agreement to sell our European margarines and spreads business. Completion of the sale is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approval, and is expected to close in 2026. In April 2023, Bunge, through our 80% ownership of the Bunge Loders Croklaan ("Loders") joint venture with IOI Corporation Berhad, completed our purchase of a port-based refinery located in Avondale, Louisiana in the United States. The facility has multi-oil refining capabilities and provides a scalable, complementary addition to our North America footprint. Grain Merchandising and Milling Segment Our Grain Merchandising and Milling segment involves the purchase, storage, transportation, distribution, and marketing of certain commodities primarily consisting of corn, wheat, barley, cotton, pulses, and sugar; activities also include the milling of wheat and sugar; and related services including ocean freight and financial services. Key Commodities Corn, Wheat, Barley, Cotton, Pulses, Sugar Key Regions The operations and assets of our merchandising operations are located throughout the world; milling operations and assets are primarily located in South America. Customers The principal purchasers of our grains are animal feed manufacturers, livestock producers, wheat and corn millers. As a result, our grain merchandising business generally benefits from global demand for protein, primarily poultry and pork products. The primary customers for our wheat milling products are food processing, bakery, and food service companies, while the primary customers of our sugar milling products are food processing companies. Raw Materials Globally sourced directly from farmers or indirectly through intermediaries. For the sugar milling business, a portion is sourced from our own production through leased land arrangements in Brazil. Distribution and Logistics We have developed an extensive global logistics network to transport our products, including trucks, railcars, river barges, and ocean freight vessels. Typically, we either lease the transportation assets or contract with third parties for these services. To better serve our customer base and develop our global distribution and logistics capabilities, we own or operate, either directly including through leases or through joint venture arrangements, various port terminal facilities located in a variety of major grain exporting regions. 5 Table of Contents Competition Due to the commodity nature of grain products, markets for our products are highly competitive and subject to product substitution. Competition is principally based on price, quality, product and service offerings, and geographic location. Competition for milling is based on a number of factors, including price, raw material procurement, distribution capability, cost structure, brand recognition, product quality, product innovation, technical support, composition and nutritional value, and advertising and promotion. Key Competitors ADM, Cargill, Louis Dreyfus, COFCO International, CHS Inc., and Olam Group Limited, as well as a variety of regional players in each region Financial Services and Activities We offer various financial services, principally trade structured finance and financial risk management services, to customers and other third parties. Our trade structured finance operations primarily leverage our international trade flows to generate trade finance derived liquidity in emerging markets for third parties. Our financial risk management services include structuring and market risk management products to enable agricultural producers and end users of commodities to manage commodity price risk exposures. We also engage in foreign exchange and other financial instrument trading via our financial services business. Recent Acquisitions/ Dispositions In 2025, we completed the sale of our corn milling business in North America. Corporate and Other Our remaining operations, forming Corporate and Other, which are not considered a reportable segment, consist of salaries and overhead for corporate functions, including acquisition and integration costs related to our acquisition of Viterra (discussed below), that are not allocated to one of our four reporting segments. It also includes Bunge Ventures activity, our captive insurance activities, accounts receivable securitization activities, and certain income tax assets and liabilities, as well as the historical results of our former sugar and bioenergy segment, which was primarily comprised of our 50% interest in the BP Bunge Bioenergia joint venture, that we sold in October 2024. Business Combination with Viterra Limited On July 2, 2025, we completed our Acquisition of Viterra in a stock and cash transaction, creating a premier global agribusiness solutions company for food, feed and fuel, that is well positioned to meet the demands of increasingly complex markets and better serve farmers and end-customers. For more information on the Acquisition, see "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ". History and Corporate Information We trace our history back to 1818 when we were founded as a trading company in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. We are a holding company and substantially all of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. Bunge Global is incorporated under Swiss law as a stock corporation ( Aktiengesellschaft ) and domiciled in Geneva, Switzerland. The change of the jurisdiction of incorporation of our group holding company from Bermuda to Switzerland was completed on November 1, 2023 (the "Redomestication"). In connection with the Redomestication, the shareholders of Bunge Limited became, on a one-for-one basis, the holders of all the issued and outstanding registered shares of Bunge Global. Bunge Global is recorded in the Commercial Register of the Canton of Geneva with enterprise registration number CHE-318.451.510. Our registered office and principal executive offices are located at Route de Florissant 13, 1206 Geneva, Switzerland. Our corporate headquarters is located at 1391 Timberlake Manor Parkway, Chesterfield, Missouri, 63017, United States of America, and our telephone number is (314) 292-2000. Risk Management Risk management is a fundamental aspect of our business. Our Board of Directors ( Board ) oversees management s approach to risk management, which is designed to support the achievement of our strategic objectives and enhance shareholder value. Our Board has established an effective organizational structure to appropriately oversee major risks through the formation of a dedicated Board committee, the Enterprise Risk Management Committee ( ERMC ), which provides greater focus at the Board level on risk oversight tailored to our business and industries. Additionally, each of our other Board committees considers risks within its area of responsibility. All Board committees regularly report on their activities to the full Board to promote effective coordination and to ensure that the entire Board is aware of and considering major risks, how those risks may interrelate, and how management addresses those risks. Finally, Bunge has management teams responsible for risk, including a Chief Risk Officer ( CRO ), a Management Risk Committee ( MRC ) and an internal audit team to assist with the implementation, governance and monitoring of risk management strategies and risk mitigation efforts. The CRO is the 6 Table of Contents management lead of the ERMC and oversees our enterprise risk management ( ERM ) framework, policies and systems. The MRC, which is part of Bunge s ERM framework, is responsible for reviewing and monitoring key exposures, emerging risks, and drivers of risk. The MRC serves as Bunge s most senior management-level risk governance body, and reviews on an ongoing basis key enterprise risks, providing oversight for all risk management activities, including our risk framework. The risks evaluated by the MRC and overseen by the ERMC include but are not limited to commodity price risk foreign exchange risk; liquidity, interest rate, and funding risk; credit and counterparty risk country risk; climate-related risk; new trading or investing business activity risk; sanctions and derivatives compliance and insurance risk transfer programs; and cybersecurity risk. When considering these risks, three criteria are evaluated: the possibility of occurrence, magnitude of risk, and power to mitigate. These risks are directly linked to the substantive impact understood by Bunge, which include but are not limited to the impact related to the potential loss of customer demand for our products or the ability to supply products in sufficient volumes to meet demand. The primary risks that our Company is subject to are discussed under the heading "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and we also describe our efforts to hedge and actively manage our market risks, including those associated with our positions in physical and derivative markets for agricultural commodities, energy, inland and ocean freight, foreign currency, and interest rates under the heading "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk." Insurance In each country in which we conduct business, our operations and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. We financially insure our businesses and assets in each country in a manner that we deem appropriate for a company of our size and activities based on an analysis of the relative risks, costs, and market availability of insurance. We believe that our geographic dispersion of assets helps mitigate the risk to our business from an adverse event affecting a specific facility. However, if we were to incur a significant loss or liability for which we were not insured in full or in part, it could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Operating Segments and Geographic Areas We have included financial information about our reportable segments and our operations by geographic area in Note 26- Segment Information to our consolidated financial statements included as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Research and Development, Innovation, Patents, and Licenses Given the nature of our business, our research and development activities are very minimal and focused on developing products and improving processes that will drive growth or otherwise add value to our core business operations and create value for our customers. Additionally, Bunge Ventures, our corporate venture capital and private capital markets principal investing arm, invests in start-ups and other early-stage companies that are developing new technologies relevant to our industries. We own trademarks, patents, and licenses covering certain of our products and manufacturing processes. However, neither our business as a whole nor any segment is dependent on any specific trademark, patent, or license. Seasonality While there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as soybeans, softseeds, and grains, we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres, and we sell and distribute products throughout the year. In our refined oils and milling businesses, demand for certain of our food items may be influenced by holidays and other annual events. Government Regulation In each of the countries in which we operate, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations governing various aspects of our business, including general business regulations as well as those governing the manufacturing, production, handling, storage, transport, marketing, and sale of our products. These include laws and regulations relating to facility licensing and permitting, food, and feed safety, the handling and production of regulated substances, nutritional and labeling requirements, global trade compliance and other matters. Our operations and those of our suppliers are also subject to restrictions on land use in certain protected areas, forestry reserve requirements, limitations on water use, as well as other environmental regulations. Additionally, from time-to-time, agricultural production shortfalls in certain regions, and growing demand for agricultural commodities for feed, food, and fuel use have caused prices for relevant agricultural commodities to rise. High commodity prices and regional crop shortfalls have led, and in the future may lead, governments to impose price 7 Table of Contents controls, tariffs, export restrictions and other measures designed to ensure adequate domestic supplies and/or mitigate price increases in their domestic markets, as well as increase the scrutiny of competitive conditions in their markets. Many countries use and produce biofuels as alternatives to traditional fossil fuels. Biofuels convert crops, such as sugarcane, corn, soybeans, palm, rapeseed, canola, and other oilseeds, into ethanol, renewable diesel, or biodiesel to extend, enhance or substitute for fossil fuels. Production of biofuels has increased significantly in the last decade in response to both periods of high fossil fuel prices and to government incentives to produce biofuels offered in many countries, including the United States, Brazil, Argentina, and several South-East Asian and European countries. Furthermore, in several countries, governmental authorities are mandating biofuel use in transport fuels at specified levels. As such, the markets for agricultural commodities used in the production of biofuels have become increasingly affected by the growth of the biofuels industry and related legislation. We are subject to various environmental protection and occupational health and safety laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate, and we incur costs to comply with these requirements. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations relating to environmental matters has not had a material financial or competitive effect on our business. However, due to our extensive operations across multiple industries and jurisdictions globally, we are exposed to the risk of claims and liabilities under these laws and regulations. Violations can result in substantial fines, administrative sanctions, criminal penalties, revocations of operating permits and/or shutdowns of our facilities, litigation, and other liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation. Our business could also be affected by the regulation or taxation of greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions, policies related to national emission reduction plans, and regulations related to conservation and eliminating deforestation. A number of jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce GHG emissions or deforestation, including, but not limited to, the Unites States, Canada, Mexico, the European Union and its member states, and China. In addition, the European Union Deforestation Regulation ("EUDR") will require companies trading in certain commodities, including palm oil and soy, as well as products derived from these commodities, to ensure these commodities and related products do not result from deforestation, forest degradation, or breaches of local laws after December 31, 2020 in order to sell such products in the European Union. The EUDR's implementation date was first extended to December 2025 and has now been extended again until December 2026. We have begun evaluating implementation efforts necessary to fully comply with the EUDR. Also, failure to comply with the EUDR could result in fines, exclusion from public procurement processes and public funding and prohibition from dealing in the EU in these items. Our operations located in countries with effective and applicable carbon pricing and regulatory programs currently meet related existing obligations with no significant impact on our results of operations and competitive position. We regularly assess the potential impacts to our business resulting from regulation or policies aimed at reducing GHG emissions and deforestation. Potential consequences could include increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes. As regulators continue to focus on climate change and other sustainability issues, we expect to become subject to new sustainability disclosure frameworks. Additionally, as a Swiss company, we are also subject to more scrutiny by investors and other stakeholders in Europe related to our sustainability disclosures, the actions we are taking and the goals we set. We closely monitor the rules and regulations related to sustainability disclosures and their impact on us. For example, in 2022, the European Union adopted the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive ("CSRD"), which expands the number of companies required to publicly report sustainability-related information and defines the sustainability-related information that companies are required to report in accordance with European Sustainability Reporting Standards ("ESRS"). The CSRD rules may impose increased costs on us related to complying with our reporting obligations and increase risks of non-compliance with ESRS and the CSRD. The CSRD rules were originally effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025. In April 2025, the European Parliament approved a "stop-the-clock" directive which officially postponed the requirements' application to Bunge by two years to the annual period beginning on January 1, 2027. We have begun evaluating CSRD disclosures in accordance with ESRS and expect to comply with all applicable in-scope CSRD reporting requirements. As a publicly traded company incorporated in Switzerland, Bunge is also required under Swiss law to prepare a report covering five non-financial matters, namely environmental matters (in particular climate issues), social issues, employee-related issues (including diversity aspects), respect for human rights, and combating corruption. The report must include (i) a description of our business model, (ii) a description of the policies adopted in relation to these matters, including the due diligence applied, (iii) a presentation of the measures taken to implement these policies and an assessment of the effectiveness of these measures, (iv) a description of the main risks related to these matters and how we are dealing with these risks, and (v) the main performance indicators for the Company s activities in relation to these matters. We are required to submit a report with respect to the previous fiscal year to our shareholders for approval each year at our Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. In addition, under the Swiss Code of Obligations, certain Bunge subsidiaries in Switzerland must adhere to due diligence and transparency requirements concerning child labor in the supply chain if these subsidiaries offer products or services in relation to which there are reasonable grounds to suspect that they have been manufactured or provided using child 8 Table of Contents labor. We comply with these requirements by adhering to internationally recognized regulations deemed equivalent under Swiss law. Further, in 2023, California enacted the Climate-Related Financial Risk Act and the Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act (together, the "Climate Accountability Package"). The Climate Accountability Package requires, among other things, all private and public companies with an annual revenue of more than $1 billion and doing business in California to publicly disclose Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions beginning in 2026 and Scope 3 GHG emissions in 2027, which we believe is currently applicable to us. We continue to assess the legislative, regulatory, and other developments in California related to the Climate Accountability Package. Although, at this time, it is not possible to estimate the likelihood of passage or predict the potential impact of any additional legislation, regulations or agreements, the effects of additional climate change regulatory initiatives could have a materially adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The scope of physical effects of climate change, including shifts in agricultural production areas and climatic volatility, is uncertain, but could in the long-term result in increased adverse incidents of weather-related events that cause disruptions to our operations and may ultimately result in stranded physical assets. We currently believe the breadth and diversification of our global asset network, as well as our participation in the global trade of agricultural commodities, will help to mitigate these risks. Sustainability Sustainability is core to Bunge s business. We make decisions across our value chain built on a foundation of ethical leadership, accountability, and environmental stewardship. Sustainability factors into decisions ranging from how we evaluate new growth markets, plan and develop our strategic goals, compensate our employees and operate our facilities to how we engage with our customers, suppliers, employees, communities, shareholders, and partners. Our key areas of growth, aligned to sustainability initiatives, include producing renewable feedstocks, increasing our plant lipids portfolio, and developing new plant-based protein ingredients. Moreover, Bunge is actively engaged in supplying low-carbon feedstock for renewable fuels, sourcing and supplying grains planted under regenerative agricultural practices, and supplying certified and verified deforestation-free grains and by-products, among other initiatives. We leverage our experience delivering sustainable solutions to advance industry-wide progress. As a founding member of leading industry associations and platforms, Bunge works to address systemic challenges. For example, since establishing our non-deforestation commitment in 2015, we have implemented programs to prevent native vegetation conversion and deforestation in our supply chains. As another example, we continue to invest in technology and partnerships to strengthen monitoring and verification systems and expand regenerative agriculture programs that support low-carbon farming practices globally. Bunge s public reporting on sustainability matters conforms with internationally recognized frameworks and standards, the details of which are captured in the annual global sustainability report published in the first half of each year. Our global sustainability report will contain further information on Bunge s strategy, performance, and other disclosures. Our global sustainability report is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. In addition, as described above, as a Swiss corporation, Bunge is also required under Swiss law to establish an annual non-financial matter report covering, among other things, certain sustainability matters (which will be submitted to shareholders for approval at the 2026 Annual Meeting), and to publish an annual report on compliance with our child labor diligence obligations. These reports are not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. Governance Bunge s five Board committees each share responsibility to oversee sustainability considerations, including climate-related risks and opportunities. The Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee ("SCRC") of the Board oversees and provides input on the development of sustainability and corporate social responsibility policies, strategies, and programs of the Company. Additionally, the ERMC of the Board evaluates climate-related risks and exposures in connection with its periodic review of other enterprise risks and management s risk mitigation strategies. The Audit Committee evaluates trends and developments in non-financial reporting practices and requirements that may impact the Company s regulatory filings, including sustainability disclosures. The Human Resources and Compensation Committee oversees the Company s compensation programs; makes recommendations to the Board regarding director and CEO compensation and incentive compensation plans; and oversees the Company's programs, policies and practices related to talent management and succession planning for the CEO and select senior leaders. The Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee has the overall responsibility for overseeing, among 9 Table of Contents other things, Bunge's governance frameworks and board practices, as well as the identification of qualified board candidates with the appropriate backgrounds and experience to oversee the Company s business. The Company s sustainability function is led by our Executive Vice President, Global Markets and Chief Sustainability Officer ("EVP CSO"), who also serves as the management lead of the SCRC. The EVP CSO leads a global team operating across multiple geographies and functions, which regularly engages business leadership to ensure company-wide alignment with sustainability objectives and opportunities. Strategy We leverage our leadership, extensive knowledge of the industry, and our deeply rooted relationships with customers at both ends of the value chain to address the sustainability challenges facing the food, feed, and fuel supply chains in which we operate. We intend to address those challenges by, among other things, connecting farmers and our end customers as they seek to establish common approaches to overcome shared sustainability challenges. This means that the decisions we make from strategy to investments to operations look at the associated sustainability impact and how it will shape our long-term ambitions. Our global sustainability report, which we publish in the first half of each year, will contain further information about Bunge s sustainability strategy. Our global sustainability report is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. Risk Management Bunge integrates material sustainability risks including those arising from climate change, deforestation, human rights, and evolving regulations into its ERM framework. This process provides Bunge with oversight and management of climate-related risks and the potential financial implications, fostering short-, medium-, and long-term business resilience. The ERMC oversees the quality and integrity of our risk management practices, including climate-related risk. Bunge has management teams responsible for risk, including a CRO, who reports to our CEO, a MRC and an internal audit team to assist with the implementation, governance and monitoring of risk management strategies and risk mitigation efforts. Further, the MRC reviews and monitors key exposures, emerging risks, and drivers of risk. Metrics and Targets When setting public commitments, particularly quantifiable targets on GHG emissions and related measures, Bunge s leadership and employees regularly engage with stakeholders, review market and consumer trends, and consider business risks and opportunities. Where feasible, Bunge also engages in sector-wide discussions to align with value chain partners so that metrics and targets are aligned for maximum impact and transformation. Bunge established Science Based Targets ("SBTs") in 2021, which were verified by the SBTi and cover absolute reductions in GHG emissions across all three Scopes. From a 2020 baseline to a 2030 deadline, the targets call for: Scopes 1 2 - Absolute reduction of 25% Scope 3 - Absolute reduction of 12.3% Due to the nature of Bunge s business and operations, the vast majority of GHG emissions are found within the value chain (Scope 3), particularly upstream sources. Therefore, a substantial portion of Bunge s emissions reduction will be achieved by meeting the Company s non-deforestation sourcing commitment. Other emissions reduction activities to meet the SBTs include enhancements to the Company s plants, procurement of zero- or low-carbon electricity sources, and the uptake of certified products and regenerative farming practices. Additional metrics and targets include intensity reductions (per ton of product) by 2026 from a 2016 baseline for water (10% overall and 25% for facilities located in areas of high water stress), waste disposal to landfill (10%), energy (10%) and scope 1 and 2 emissions (10%). We track the progress towards these targets in our annual global sustainability report, which provides additional information on our metrics and targets. Our annual global sustainability report is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. 10 Table of Contents Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 34,000 people. Many of our employees are represented by labor unions and their employment is governed by collective bargaining agreements. In general, we consider our employee relations to be positive. Our People We care about our people. We listen, empower, develop and reward them with the goal of driving high levels of engagement and commitment to Bunge. From hiring the best talent to creating a culture of belonging, through career development, and total rewards, Bunge strives to create programs and resources that enhance our workplace environment. % of Total Headcount Region South America 43 % EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa) 24 % North America 20 % Asia-Pacific 13 % Talent Acquisition At Bunge, we aim to attract the best talent for today and in the future. Culture of Belonging We value inclusion and respect the unique viewpoints our employees bring to make Bunge a dynamic and innovative company. As a global organization, we have a workforce with a wide variety of skill sets and backgrounds critical to meeting the changing needs of a growing world. Strongly guided by our values, the expertise of our teams is a competitive advantage in connecting with thousands of people around the globe to serve our purpose to deliver essential food, feed, and fuel. We are committed to supporting our communities and strengthening our efforts to ensure our workforce, programs, and practices enhance our culture of belonging. Learning Development We focus on learning and development that helps employees develop the skills they need both today and in the future. One of the greatest drivers of growth for our people is their own initiative and sense of career ownership. We encourage employees and their leaders to co-create Individual Development Plans and provide employees access to apply for internal career opportunities that match their interests, skills, and business needs. Safety We believe everyone has the right to a safe work environment. We aim to keep everyone at Bunge safe and well, achieving workplaces free from serious injuries and fatalities. We strive for continuous improvement to realize our vision, measured by the presence of controls, rather than the absence of incidents. Available Information Our website address is www.bunge.com. Through the "Investor Center: Financial information: SEC filings" section of our website, it is possible to access our periodic report filings with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports. Also, filings made pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act with the SEC by our executive officers, directors, and other reporting persons with respect to our shares are made available through our website. Our periodic reports and amendments, and the Section 16 filings, are available through our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after such report, amendment or filing is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Through the "Investor Center: Governance: Governance documents" section of our website, it is also possible to access copies of the charters for our Audit Committee, Corporate Governance and Nominations Committee, Enterprise Risk Management Committee, Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee, as well as our Corporate governance principles, Insider trading policy, and Executive compensation recoupment policy. The information contained in or connected to our website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Annual 11 Table of Contents Report or filed with the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, where you may obtain a copy of all information we file publicly with the SEC. The SEC website address is www.sec.gov. Information About Our Executive Officers and Key Employees Set forth below is certain information concerning the executive officers and key employees of the company. Name Position Gregory Heckman Chief Executive Officer Julio Garros Chief Operating Officer Pierre Mauger Chief Transformation Officer John Neppl Chief Financial Officer Joseph Podwika Chief Legal Officer Kellie Sears Chief Human Resources Officer Robert Wagner Chief Risk Officer Christos Dimopoulos Executive Vice President, Global Markets and Chief Sustainability Officer Ruth Ann Wisener Vice President, Government Affairs Mark Haden Vice President, Investor Relations Gregory Heckman, 63 -Mr. Heckman has served as Chief Executive Officer since January 2019 and as a member of our Board since October 2018. Mr. Heckman has over four decades of experience in the agriculture, energy and food processing industries. He is the founding partner of Flatwater Partners and served as Chief Executive Officer of The Gavilon Group from 2008 to 2015. Prior to Gavilon, he served as Chief Operating Officer of ConAgra Foods Commercial Products and President and Chief Operating Officer of ConAgra Trade Group. Mr. Heckman serves as Deputy Chair on the board of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis in 2026, a board member for non-profit organization FCLTGlobal, and as a non-executive director on the board of OCI N.V., a global producer of fertilizer and chemicals. In addition, he serves as a member of the CEO Council for the New York Stock Exchange Board Services. Julio Garros, 50- Mr. Garros has served as Chief Operating Officer since December 2025. He leads Bunge's global commercial activities, overseeing global commodity value chains, country and regional management teams, leading commercial sustainability efforts, renewable fuels initiatives, regenerative agriculture solutions, and industrial operations and safety. Prior to this, he was Co-Chief Operating Officer from July to December 2025 and Co-President, Agribusiness from April 2022 to June 2025. Since joining Bunge in 2002, Mr. Garros has held several senior leadership roles across finance, operations, and commercial transformation. He began his career at PriceWaterhouseCoopers and worked as an auditor for Argentina s Foreign Affairs Office. Pierre Mauger, 53 -Mr. Mauger has served as Chief Transformation Officer since May 2019. In this position, he leads Bunge s global transformation strategy and execution, driving large-scale change across the business. This includes overseeing Business Development, Business Technology, Financial Planning and Analysis (FP A), Viterra integration and the Selling, General, and Administrative Expense (SG A) organizations. Under his leadership, the team focuses on driving value, supporting Bunge s strategic priorities of business growth and integration. Mr. Mauger joined Bunge in 2013 as Chief Development Officer. Over the years, he has led strategic planning and M A efforts that have helped shape the company s global footprint and long-term direction. Prior to his current role he was President, Bunge Europe and Asia. Prior to Bunge, Mr. Mauger was a partner at McKinsey Company, where he led the firm's agriculture service line in Europe, the Middle East and Africa from 2009 to 2013. Prior to that, he served as a partner in the firm's consumer goods practice and previously worked as an auditor at Nestl and KPMG. John Neppl, 60 -Mr. Neppl has served as Chief Financial Officer since joining Bunge in May 2019. He currently directs Bunge s overall financial operations and strategy overseeing treasury capital management, investor relations, financial reporting, tax planning compliance, procurement and government affairs. He joined Bunge from Green Plains Inc., where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Green Plains, Mr. Neppl served as Chief Financial Officer of The Gavilon Group, LLC, an agriculture and energy commodities management firm with an extensive global footprint. Mr. Neppl held senior financial management positions at ConAgra Foods, Inc., including Senior Financial Officer of ConAgra Trade Group and Commercial Products division as well as Assistant Corporate Controller. He began his career as an auditor with Deloitte 12 Table of Contents Touche. He is a member of the Creighton University Heider College of Business Dean s Advisory Board and serves on the Advisory Board of Adams Land Cattle. Mr. Neppl earned his Bachelor of Science degree in business administration with a major in accounting from Creighton University in Omaha, Nebraska. He is also a certified public accountant (inactive status). Joseph Podwika, 63- Mr. Podwika has served as Chief Legal Officer since joining Bunge in November 2019. He leads Bunge s global legal and compliance functions, providing strategic counsel to the management team and board of directors and overseeing all worldwide legal affairs including complex merger and acquisition activities, litigation and corporate governance. Mr. Podwika joined Bunge from Nutrien Ltd. where he was Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. He was previously Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary with PotashCorp. Before joining PotashCorp, Mr. Podwika worked in the legal department of International Paper Company and was in private practice with Jaeckle, Fleischmann Mugel. Kellie Sears, 56 -Ms. Sears has served as Chief Human Resources Officer since joining Bunge in January 2023. She is responsible for Bunge s global human capital strategy, communications, human rights and culture, encompassing all aspects of talent development and capabilities designed to support the company s growth. Ms. Sears joined Bunge from BeautyHealth where she served as Chief Human Resources Officer from January 2022 until her departure. Prior to BeautyHealth, she was Chief Human Resources Officer with Asklepios BioPharmaceutical, Inc. from 2020 to 2022. Previously, she spent eight years at Allergan, where she served as Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in 2019, and Pfizer, for more than thirteen years, where she served in a number of leadership roles including serving as Senior Director of Global HR Shared Services where she was responsible for the strategy, design and implementation of a shared services model. Robert Wagner, 48- Mr. Wagner has served as Chief Risk Officer since joining Bunge in June 2019. He leads the Company s enterprise risk strategy and oversees market and credit risks, and insurance across Bunge s global operations, while advancing Bunge s risk technology. Prior to joining Bunge, Mr. Wagner was Chief Risk Officer at Tricon International, Ltd. Prior to Tricon, he was Group Chief Risk Officer at COFCO Agri Ltd in Geneva, Switzerland. Prior to COFCO, he was Chief Risk Officer for The Gavilon Group, LLC, where he was member of the firm s Executive Committee and had responsibility for both the market risk management and credit departments. He is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Missouri Botanical Garden. Mr. Wagner earned his Bachelor of Science degree in international business from Minnesota State University, his Master of Science degree in agricultural economics from North Dakota State University, and his MBA from Creighton University. Christos Dimopoulos, 52 -Mr. Dimopoulos has served as Executive Vice President, Global Markets since July 2025 and Chief Sustainability Officer since December 2025. In this role, he is the commercial leader of risk management and optimization activities, and leads ocean freight, global logistics, financial services, central hedge desk, special risk and research units. Prior to this, he served as Co-President, Agribusiness from April 2022 to June 2025. Mr. Dimopoulos joined Bunge in 2004 as a grain trader and subsequently held a variety of roles of increasing responsibility. Prior to Bunge, he held roles in Europe and the United States with Tradigrain and Intrade Risk Management. Ruth Ann Wisener, 60 -Ms. Wisener has served as Vice President, Government Affairs since July 2025. Ms. Wisener most recently served as Vice President of Investor Relations since joining Bunge in March 2019. Prior to joining Bunge, Ms. Wisener worked in leadership positions in a variety of legal, finance, and commercial roles at Tyson Foods and ADM, among others. Mark Haden, 61 -Mr. Haden has served as Vice President, Investor Relations since July 2025. He started his career at Bunge in 2003 as head of strategic planning and business development for its North American operations and has served in several different roles during his time at Bunge. Prior to joining Bunge, he held positions at Emerson in strategic planning and at Ernst Young in its management consulting practice. Mr. Haden previously served as a United States Marine Corps infantry officer. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Factors Our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition or prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of the risks and uncertainties described below. Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our financial condition and business operations. See "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements." 13 Table of Contents Risks Relating to Our Business and Industries Adverse weather conditions, including as a result of climate change, may adversely affect the availability, quality and price of agricultural commodities and agricultural commodity products, as well as our operations, supply chains, and operating results. Adverse weather conditions have historically caused volatility in the agricultural commodity industry and consequently in our operating results by causing crop failures or significantly reduced harvests, which may affect the supply and pricing of the agricultural commodities that we sell and use in our business, reduce demand for our fertilizer products, and negatively affect the creditworthiness of agricultural producers who do business with us. Severe adverse weather conditions, such as hurricanes and severe storms, have historically and may in the future also result in extensive property damage, extended business interruption, personal injuries, and other loss and damage to us. Our operations also rely on dependable and efficient transportation services, including transportation by ocean vessel, river barges, rail, and truck. A disruption in transportation services as a result of weather conditions, such as low river levels following periods of drought, has historically and may in the future also have an adverse impact on our operations and related supply chains. Additionally, the potential physical impacts of climate change are uncertain and may vary by region. These potential effects could include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, shifts in agricultural production areas, changing temperature levels, increased frequency or severity of extreme weather events, and climatic volatility. The frequency and severity of the effects of climate change or weather patterns could increase and adversely impact our business operations and the location, costs and competitiveness of global agricultural commodity production and related storage and processing facilities, as well as the supply and demand for agricultural commodities, and may result in incidents of stranded physical assets. These effects could be material to our results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We maintain operations in Ukraine. Ukraine forms part of a key international grain originating region and is also the world s largest supplier of sunflower seed and sunflower oil, commodities that cannot be completely replaced from other origins. On February 24, 2022, Russia initiated a military offensive in Ukraine. Bunge s Ukrainian operations at December 31, 2025 comprise four oilseed crushing facilities, located in Mykolaiv, Dnipropetrovsk, Kharkiv, and Vinnytsia, two export terminals in the Mykolaiv commercial seaport, and numerous grain elevators and offices throughout Ukraine. The Company also operates a corn milling facility and a grain export terminal in Ukraine via joint ventures. Assets and operations located in regions affected by the war are at a heightened risk of property damage, inventory loss, business disruption, and expropriation. Further, no material damage has been noted at any of Bunge s Ukrainian facilities, however, due to safety concerns, it is not always possible to conduct onsite physical inspections of our Ukrainian facilities to understand the full extent of the impact of the war. As of December 31, 2025, total assets and total liabilities associated with Bunge's Ukrainian subsidiaries each comprise less than 2% of our consolidated Total assets and Total liabilities, respectively. While as of the date of this Annual Report some of our Ukrainian employees have been forced to relocate to other areas within Ukraine or to other countries, our workforce remains largely intact. The ongoing war could cause additional harm to our employees and otherwise impair their ability to work for extended periods of time, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Disruption to the power grid, transportation routes, telecommunications systems, banks, and other critical infrastructure necessary to conduct business in Ukraine could also severely impair our Ukrainian operations. The scope, intensity, duration and outcome of the ongoing war is uncertain, and the continuation or escalation of the war may have a material adverse effect on Bunge s assets, operations and financial condition. In addition, the risk of cybersecurity incidents has increased in connection with the ongoing war, driven by justifications such as retaliation for the sanctions imposed in conjunction with the war, or in response to certain companies' continued operations in Russia. See " Our information technology systems, processes and sites may suffer interruptions, security breaches or failures that may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. " Although we insure ourselves against many types of risks, including certain risks associated with the ongoing war, our level of insurance may not cover all losses we could incur. There could be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition if we are not able to adequately insure against the possible exposure we could experience as a result of the war. To the extent the current war adversely affects our business, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed in this Item 1A, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 14 Table of Contents Due to the continuously evolving nature of the war, the potential impact that the war could have on these risk factors, and others that cannot yet be identified, remains uncertain. Even if the war moderates, or a resolution between Ukraine and Russia is reached, we expect that we will continue to experience ongoing financial and operational impacts resulting from the war for the foreseeable future as Ukraine rebuilds its economy and infrastructure. We are subject to fluctuations in agricultural commodity and other raw material prices, energy prices, and other factors outside of our control that could adversely affect our operating results. Prices for agricultural commodities and their by-products, including, among others, soybeans, corn, wheat, sugar and ethanol, like those of other commodities, are often volatile and sensitive to local and international changes in supply and demand caused by factors outside of our control, including farmer planting and selling decisions, currency fluctuations, inflation, government agriculture programs and policies (including tariffs), pandemics, governmental restrictions or mandates, global inventory levels, demand for biofuels, weather and crop conditions, and demand for and supply of competing commodities and substitutes. These factors may cause volatility in our operating results. Additionally, our operating costs and the selling prices of certain of our products are sensitive to changes in energy prices. Our industrial operations utilize significant amounts of electricity, natural gas and coal, and our transportation operations are dependent upon diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products. Significant increases in the cost of these items, including as a result of the Ukraine-Russia war, and currency fluctuations could adversely affect our operating costs and results. We also sell certain biofuel products, such as ethanol, renewable diesel, and biodiesel, which are closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products. As a result, the selling prices of ethanol, renewable diesel, and biodiesel can be impacted by the selling prices of oil, gasoline and diesel fuel. In turn, the selling prices of the agricultural commodities and commodity products that we sell, such as corn and vegetable oils that are used as feedstocks for biofuels, are also sensitive to changes in the market price for biofuels, and consequently world petroleum prices. Prices for petroleum products and biofuels are affected by market and geopolitical factors and government fuel policies, over which we have no control. Lower prices for oil, gasoline or diesel fuel could result in decreased selling prices for ethanol, renewable diesel, biodiesel and their raw materials, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. Our business is seasonal, and our results may fluctuate depending on the harvest cycle of the crops upon which we rely and seasonal fluctuations related to the sale of our consumer products. As with any agricultural business enterprise, our business operations are seasonal in nature. For example, there is a degree of seasonality in the growing season and procurement of our principal raw materials, such as soybeans, softseeds, and grains, however we typically do not experience material fluctuations in volume between the first and second half of the year since we are geographically diversified between the northern and southern hemispheres. In addition, certain of our consumer food products are influenced by holidays and other annual events. Seasonality could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. In addition, our quarterly results may vary as a result of the effects of fluctuations in commodities prices, production yields, and costs. We face intense competition in each of our businesses. We participate in an intensely competitive industry with numerous global and regional competitors. Over the past few years, certain of our competitors have added oilseed processing and refining capacity in response to growing demand. Additionally, in conjunction with the recent increase in demand for renewable biodiesel feedstocks, we have experienced additional competition for refining capacity from traditional petroleum companies, particularly in the United States. As many of the products we sell are global commodities, the markets for our products are highly price competitive, and in many cases also sensitive to product substitution. Additionally, the geographic location of assets can competitively advantage or disadvantage us with respect to our competitors in certain regions. We also face competition from changing technologies and shifting industry practices, such as increased on-farm crop storage in several regions, which allows producers to retain commodities for extended periods and increase price pressure on purchasers such as us. To compete effectively, we must continuously focus on improving efficiency in our production and distribution operations, including through business optimization initiatives, developing and offering products that meet customer needs, optimizing our geographic presence in key markets, developing and maintaining appropriate market share and customer relationships, supporting socially responsible and sustainable corporate and business practices, and promoting our environmental stewardship. We also compete for talent in our industries, particularly commercial personnel. Competition could cause us to lose market share and talented employees, exit certain lines of business, increase marketing or other expenditures, increase our raw material costs or reduce pricing, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business and profitability. 15 Table of Contents We are vulnerable to the effects of supply and demand imbalances in our industries . Historically, the market for some agricultural commodities and fertilizer products has been cyclical, with periods of high demand and capacity utilization stimulating new plant investment and the addition of incremental processing or production capacity by industry participants to meet the demand. The timing and extent of this expansion may then produce excess supply conditions in the market, which, until the supply/demand balance is again restored, negatively impacts product prices and operating results. During times of reduced market demand, we may suspend or reduce production at some of our facilities. If we are unable to efficiently manage available capacity at our facilities, it will have a negative effect on our profitability, including the profitability of our Bunge Chevron Ag Renewables joint venture ("Bunge Chevron JV"). The business and financial performance of the Bunge Chevron JV may be adversely affected if there is a significant decrease in demand for renewable diesel. We are subject to global and regional economic downturns and related risks. The level of demand for our products is affected by global and regional demographic and macroeconomic conditions, including population growth rates and changes in standards of living. A significant downturn in global economic growth, or recessionary conditions in major geographic regions, may lead to reduced demand for agricultural commodities and food products, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, deteriorating economic and political conditions in our major markets, such as inflation, increased unemployment, decreases in disposable income, declines in consumer confidence, uncertainty about economic stability, political unrest, wars or other armed conflicts, or economic slowdowns or recessions, could cause a decrease in demand for our products. Additionally, weak global economic conditions and adverse conditions in global financial and capital markets, including fluctuating interest rates and constraints on the availability of credit, have in the past adversely affected, and may in the future adversely affect, the financial condition and creditworthiness of the financial institutions that serve as our lenders and as counterparties to the over-the-counter derivative instruments we use to manage risks and some of our customers, suppliers, and other counterparties, which in turn may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. See "Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations " and "Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk " for more information. Many of the raw materials that we use can be subject to periods of rapid and significant cost instability. Additionally, a slowdown in China's economy over a prolonged period, including as a result of tensions with the United States, or other western countries, population decline, the ongoing real estate crisis and other factors, could lead to reduced global demand for agricultural commodities. To the extent that such economic and political conditions negatively impact consumer and business confidence and consumption patterns or volumes, our business and results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected. We are subject to economic, political, and other risks of doing business globally and in emerging markets. We are a global business with a substantial majority of our assets and operations located outside the United States. In addition, our business strategies may involve expanding or developing our business in emerging market regions, including Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific, the Middle East, and Africa. Due to the international nature of our business, we are exposed to various risks of international operations, including: adverse trade policies or trade barriers on agricultural commodities and commodity products; new and developing requirements related to GHG emissions and other climate change initiatives and workforce mandates; inflation, hyperinflation, and adverse economic effects resulting from governmental attempts to control inflation, such as the imposition of wage and price controls and higher interest rates. For example, while inflation rates in certain of the countries in which we operate have declined recently, many of the rates currently remain at the highest levels in decades, resulting in tighter monetary policies, including higher interest rates; changes in laws and regulations or their interpretation or enforcement in the countries in which we operate, including the effects of complying with Swiss tax law on us and our shareholders; difficulties in enforcing agreements or judgments and collecting receivables in foreign jurisdictions; exchange controls or other currency restrictions and limitations on the movement of funds, such as on the remittance of dividends by subsidiaries, most notably in Ukraine, Egypt, and Argentina; inadequate infrastructure and logistics challenges; sovereign risk and the risk of government intervention, including through expropriation, or regulation of the economy or natural resources, including restrictions on foreign ownership of land or other assets; the requirement to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations that apply to international operations, including, without limitation, economic sanctions regulations, labor laws, import and export regulations, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, as well as other laws or regulations discussed in this "Item 1A. Risk Factors " 16 Table of Contents section; challenges in maintaining an effective internal control environment with operations in multiple international locations, including language differences, varying levels of U.S. GAAP expertise in international locations and multiple financial information systems; changes in a country s or region s economic or political condition; and labor disruptions, civil unrest, significant political instability, coup attempts, wars or other armed conflict or acts of terrorism, such as the ongoing conflicts in the Middle East. See also " The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations." These risks could adversely affect our operations, business strategies, and operating results. As a result of our international operations, we are also exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations. Changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies, particularly the Brazilian real , Canadian dollar , the euro , and Chinese yuan/renminbi affect our revenues and expenses that are denominated in local currencies, affect farm economics in those regions and may also have a negative impact on the value of our assets located outside of the United States. Additionally, there continues to be a great deal of uncertainty regarding U.S. and global trade policies for companies with multinational operations like ours. In recent years, there has been an increase in populism and nationalism in various countries around the world and consequently historical free trade principles are being challenged. As we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on the nature and extent of any such changes and how well we are able to anticipate, respond to and effectively manage any such changes. Government policies and regulations affecting the agricultural sector and related industries could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Agricultural commodity production and trade flows are significantly affected by government policies and regulations. Governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes (including "windfall profits" taxes), tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions, price controls on agricultural commodities, and energy policies (including biofuels mandates), can influence industry profitability, the planting of certain crops versus other uses of agricultural resources, the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded, and the volume and types of imports and exports. Additionally, regulation of financial markets and instruments in the United States and internationally may create uncertainty as these laws are adopted and implemented and may impose significant additional risks and costs that could impact our risk management practices. Further, increases in food and fertilizer prices have in the past resulted in increased scrutiny of our industries under antitrust and competition laws in various jurisdictions and increase the risk that these laws could be interpreted, administered or enforced in a manner that could affect our operations or impose liabilities on us that could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Future governmental policies, regulations or actions impacting our industries may adversely affect the supply of, demand for, and prices of our products, restrict our ability to do business in existing and target markets, or engage in risk management activities and otherwise cause our financial results to suffer. In addition, international trade disputes can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions, particularly disputes involving the United States and China. For example, prior trade disputes between the United States and China have led, and may in the future lead to, both countries to implement tariffs on imported goods. An implementation of tariffs or additional tariffs on imports of U.S. agricultural products into China could result in the reinstatement or escalation of retaliatory tariffs on U.S. agricultural products by China. This has in the past led, and can in the future lead, to significant volatility in commodity prices, disruptions in historical trade flows and shifts in planting patterns in the United States and South America, which have presented challenges and uncertainties for our business. We cannot predict the impact that future trade policy or negotiated trade agreements could have on our business and operations. Additionally, failure to resolve any trade dispute between the countries may also lead to unexpected operating difficulties, enhanced regulatory scrutiny, greater difficulty transferring funds, and negative currency impacts. 17 Table of Contents We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, divestitures, or joint ventures. We have been an active acquirer of other companies, including our recent Viterra Acquisition. We also have joint ventures with several partners, including the Bunge Chevron JV for manufacturing low lifecycle carbon intensity transportation fuels. Part of our strategy involves acquisitions, alliances and joint ventures designed to expand or optimize our portfolio of businesses. Our ability to benefit from acquisitions, joint ventures, and alliances depends on many factors, including our ability to identify suitable prospects, access funding sources on acceptable terms, negotiate favorable transaction terms, and successfully consummate and integrate any businesses we acquire. In addition, we proactively review our portfolio of businesses in order to identify opportunities to enhance shareholder value and may decide as a result of such reviews or otherwise, from time to time, to divest certain of our assets or businesses by selling them or entering into joint ventures, such as the divestiture of our 50% ownership share in BP Bunge Bioenergia in October 2024 and the div estiture of 40% of our Spanish operating subsidiary BISA in March 2025 . Our ability to successfully complete a divestiture will depend on, among other things, our ability to identify buyers that are prepared to acquire such assets or businesses on acceptable terms and to adjust and optimize our retained businesses following the divestiture. Our acquisition, joint venture, or divestiture activities may involve unanticipated delays, costs, and other problems. If we encounter unexpected problems with acquisitions, joint ventures, or divestitures, our senior management may be required to divert attention away from other aspects of our businesses to address these problems. Additionally, we may fail to consummate proposed acquisitions, joint ventures or divestitures, after incurring expenses and devoting substantial resources, including management time, to such transactions. Acquisitions also pose the risk that we may be exposed to successor liability relating to actions by an acquired company and its management before the acquisition. The due diligence we conduct in connection with an acquisition, the controls and policies we implement at acquired companies, and any contractual guarantees or indemnities that we receive from the sellers of acquired companies, may not be sufficient to protect us from, or compensate us for, actual liabilities. A material liability associated with an acquisition could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations and reduce the benefits of the acquisition. Additionally, acquisitions involve other risks, such as differing levels of management and internal control effectiveness at the acquired entities, systems integration risks, the risk of impairment charges relating to goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with acquisitions, the risk of significant accounting charges and expenses resulting from the completion and integration of a sizable acquisition, the need to fund increased capital expenditures and working capital requirements, our ability to retain and motivate employees of acquired entities, compliance and reputational risks and other unanticipated problems and liabilities. See the risk factors under the section entitled "Risks Relating to the Combined Company Following our Acquisition of Viterra" under this Item 1A for additional discussions on our recent Acquisition of Viterra. Divestitures may also expose us to potential liabilities or claims for indemnification, as we may be required to retain certain liabilities or indemnify buyers for certain matters, including legal, environmental, or litigation matters associated with the assets or businesses that we sell. For example, we agreed to indemnify the buyer against future losses associated with certain legal claims in connection with the divestiture of BP Bunge Bioenergia. In connection with the sale of our Russian operations in 2023, we agreed to indemnify the buyer against certain existing legal claims related to the business. The magnitude of any such retained liability or indemnification obligation may be difficult to quantify at the time of the transaction and its cost to us could ultimately exceed the proceeds we receive for the divested assets or businesses. Divestitures also have other inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals), the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses and unexpected costs or other difficulties associated with the separation of the businesses to be sold from our information technology systems and other management processes, including the loss of key personnel. Further, expected cost savings or other anticipated efficiencies or benefits from divestitures may also be difficult to achieve or maximize. Additionally, we have several joint ventures and investments in which we have limited control over governance, financial reporting, and operations. As a result, we face certain operating, financial, and other risks relating to these investments, including risks related to the financial strength of our joint venture partners or their willingness to provide adequate funding for the joint venture, having differing objectives from our partners, the inability to implement some actions with respect to the joint venture's activities that we may believe are favorable if the joint venture partner does not agree, compliance risks relating to actions of the joint venture or our partners, and the risk that we will be unable to effectively work with or resolve disputes with the joint venture partner. As a result, these investments may contribute significantly less than anticipated to our earnings and cash flows. We are subject to industry and other risks that could adversely affect our reputation and financial results. We are subject to food and feed industry risks which include, but are not limited to, spoilage, contamination, tampering or other adulteration of products, product liability claims, and recalls. We are also subject to shifts in customer and consumer preferences, and concerns regarding the outbreak of disease associated with livestock and poultry, including avian or swine influenza. Also, a focus on climate change, deforestation, water, animal welfare and human rights concerns, and other risks 18 Table of Contents associated with the global food system has led to, and may in the future lead to increased activism focusing on food companies and their suppliers, governmental intervention and consumer responses. These risks could adversely affect our, or our suppliers , reputations and businesses and our ability to procure the materials we need to operate our business. As a company whose products comprise staple food and feed products sold globally, as well as ingredients included in trusted food brands of our customers, maintaining a good corporate reputation is critical to our continued success. Reputational value is based in large part on perceptions, which can shift rapidly in response to negative incidents. The failure or alleged failure to maintain high standards for quality, safety, integrity, environmental sustainability, employee rights, and social responsibility, including with respect to raw materials and services obtained from suppliers, even if untrue, may result in tangible effects, such as reduced demand for our products, disruptions to our operations, increased costs and a loss of market share to competitors. Our reputation and results of operations could also be adversely impacted by changing consumer preferences and perceptions relating to some of the products we sell, such as with regard to the quantity and type of fats, sugars, and grains consumed, the changing perception of the benefits of seed oils, and concerns regarding genetically modified crops. Failure to anticipate, adapt or respond effectively to these trends or issues may result in material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations globally, which could adversely affect our operating results. Due to our global business operations, we are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. These laws and regulations include general business regulations, such as with respect to taxes, accounting, anti-corruption and fair competition, trade sanctions, product safety, and environmental matters, as well as those governing the manufacturing, production, handling, storage, transport, marketing and sale of our products. We are also required to comply with laws and regulations relating to facility licensing and permitting, food and feed safety, the handling and production of regulated substances, nutritional and labeling requirements, global trade compliance and other matters. Our operations and those of our suppliers are also subject to restrictions on land use in certain protected areas, forestry reserve requirements, and limitations on water use. In addition to liabilities arising out of our current and future operations for which we have ongoing processes to manage compliance with regulatory obligations, we may be subject to environmental liabilities for past operations at current facilities and in some cases to liabilities for past operations at facilities that we no longer own or operate. We may also be subject to liabilities for operations of acquired companies. Our industrial activities can also result in serious accidents that could result in personal injuries, facility shutdowns, reputational harm to our business and/or the expenditure of significant amounts to remediate safety issues or repair damaged facilities. We may incur material costs or liabilities to comply with environmental, health and safety requirements. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may subject us to substantial fines, administrative sanctions, criminal penalties, revocations of operating permits and/or shutdowns of our facilities, litigation, and other liabilities, as well as damage to our reputation. Due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including U.S. regulations issued by Customs and Border Protection, the Bureau of Industry and Security, the Office of Antiboycott Compliance, the Directorate of Defense Trade Controls and Office of Foreign Assets Control, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries. Any alleged or actual violations may subject us to government scrutiny, investigation and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our ability to import or export our products, or to provide services outside the United States. Furthermore, embargoes and sanctions imposed by the United States and other governments restricting or prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries or based on product classification may expose us to potential criminal or civil sanctions. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or in certain locations the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. In addition, continued government and public emphasis in countries in which we operate on environmental issues, including climate change, conservation and natural resource management, have resulted in and could result in new or more stringent forms of regulatory oversight or other limitations on the agricultural industry, including increased environmental controls, land-use restrictions affecting us or our suppliers and other conditions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. For example, certain aspects of our business and the larger food production chain generate carbon emissions. A number of jurisdictions in which we operate have implemented or are in the process of implementing carbon pricing programs or regulations to reduce GHG emissions, including, but not limited to, the United States, Canada, Mexico, the European Union and its member states, and China. For example, the EUDR, which becomes effective in December 2026 requires companies trading in certain commodities, including palm oil and soy, as well as products derived from these commodities, to ensure these commodities and related products do not result from deforestation, forest degradation, or breaches of local laws after December 31, 2020 in order to sell such products in the European Union. The imposition of regulatory restrictions related to GHG emissions and conservation in many markets in which we operate, which may include limitations on GHG emissions, national emission reduction plans, requirements to make additional investments to modify our facilities, equipment and processes, other restrictions on industrial operations, taxes or fees on GHG emissions, and 19 Table of Contents other measures, could affect land-use decisions, the cost of agricultural production and the cost and means of processing and transporting our products, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, and results of operations. We are also subject to a number of sustainability disclosure frameworks, such as the CSRD in the European Union, and the Swiss non-financial reporting requirements and child labor due diligence and transparency, and the California Climate Accountability Package, and as certain regulators increasingly focus on climate change and other sustainability matters, we may become subject to new, more stringent sustainability disclosure frameworks. See "Item 1. Business-Government Regulation." We are exposed to credit and counterparty risk relating to our customer and supplier counterparties in the ordinary course of business. In particular, we advance capital and provide other financing arrangements to farmers in Brazil and, as a result, our business and financial results may be adversely affected if these farmers are unable to repay the capital advanced to them. We have various credit terms with customers, and our customers have varying degrees of creditworthiness, which exposes us to the risk of non-payment or other default under our contracts and other arrangements with them. In the event that we experience significant defaults on their payment obligations to us, our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. In Brazil, where there have been limited third-party financing sources available to farmers, we provide financing to farmers from whom we purchase soybeans and other agricultural commodities through prepaid commodity purchase contracts and advances, which are generally intended to be short-term in nature and are typically secured by the farmer's crop and a mortgage on the farmer's land and other assets to provide a means of repayment in the potential event of crop failure or shortfall. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, we had approximately $835 million and $478 million in outstanding prepaid commodity purchase contracts, and advances to farmers. We are exposed to the risk that the underlying crop will be insufficient to satisfy a farmer's obligation under the financing arrangements as a result of weather and crop growing conditions, and other factors that influence the price, supply and demand for agricultural commodities. In addition, any collateral held by us as part of these financing transactions may not be sufficient to fully protect us from loss. We are a capital intensive business and depend on cash provided by our operations as well as access to external financing to operate and grow our business. We require significant amounts of capital to operate our business and fund capital expenditures. Our working capital needs are directly affected by the prices of agricultural commodities, with increases in commodity prices generally causing increases in our borrowing levels. We are also required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain, upgrade, and expand our extensive network of storage facilities, processing plants, refineries, mills, logistics assets, and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances and safety and environmental standards. Furthermore, the expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require us to make significant investments into our business. Although we are selective with the capital expenditures and other investments we make, we may not realize the benefits of such capital expenditures and investments in the expected time frame, if at all. The expansion of our business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities also may require access to significant amounts of capital. In connection with the Acquisition of Viterra, we incurred a substantial amount of indebtedness, including assuming indebtedness of Viterra. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows or raise sufficient external financing on attractive terms to fund these activities, including as a result of a tightening in the global credit markets, we may be forced to limit our operations and growth plans, which may adversely impact our competitiveness and, therefore, our results of operations. At December 31, 2025, Bunge had $9,065 million unused and available committed borrowing capacity comprising committed revolving credit facilities with a number of financial institutions. At December 31, 2025, our total debt balance was $14,051 million, which is a higher balance compared to recent years as a result of the Viterra Acquisition. Our debt levels could limit our ability to obtain additional financing, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete, place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged than we are, and require us to dedicate more cash on a relative basis to servicing our debt and less to developing our business. This may limit our ability to run our business and use our resources in the manner in which we would like. Furthermore, difficult conditions in global credit or financial markets, including increases in interest rates and diminished liquidity and credit availability, generally could increase the cost to finance our operations, adversely impact our ab