=== CHTR_2026-03-12.htm.gz ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 Charter Communications, Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Dear Stockholder: You are invited to attend the annual meeting of stockholders of Charter Communications, Inc. (the Company or Charter ), which will be held at 7800 Crescent Executive Drive, Conference Room A131, Charlotte, NC 28217, on Tuesday, April 21, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. (Eastern Daylight Time). Details of the business to be conducted at the annual meeting are provided in the attached Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement. Whether or not you attend the annual meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted at the meeting. Therefore, we urge you to sign, date, and promptly return the enclosed proxy in the postage-paid envelope that is provided, or you may vote via the Internet pursuant to the instructions on the proxy card. If you decide to attend the annual meeting, you will have the opportunity to vote in person. On behalf of management and the Board of Directors, we would like to express our appreciation for your continued interest in Charter. Sincerely, Eric L. Zinterhofer Non-Executive Chairman of the Board Christopher L. Winfrey President and Chief Executive Officer, Director March 12, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS Charter Communications, Inc. 400 Washington Blvd. Stamford, CT 06902 Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Charter Communications, Inc. Date: April 21, 2026 Time: 9:00 a.m. (Eastern Daylight Time) Place: 7800 Crescent Executive Drive Conference Room A131 Charlotte, NC 28217 How to Vote: By Mail By Phone By Internet At Annual Meeting Matters to be voted on: 1. The election of thirteen directors, named in this proxy statement; 2. An amendment increasing the number of shares in the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan; 3. To hold an advisory vote on executive compensation; 4. The ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2026; 5. The stockholder proposal described in the proxy statement if properly presented at the meeting; and 6. Any other matters properly brought before the stockholders at the meeting. The proxy statement more fully describes these proposals. All stockholders of record at the close of business on February 20, 2026 are invited to attend the meeting. For security reasons, however, to gain admission to the meeting you may be required to present identification containing a photograph and to comply with other security measures. By order of the Board of Directors, Jamal H. Haughton Corporate Secretary March 12, 2026 TABLE OF CONTENTS Table of Contents Questions and Answers about Voting and the Annual Meeting 1 Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors 5 Information about the Director Nominees 5 Director Nominees 6 Board of Directors and Committees of the Board of Directors 12 Nomination and Qualifications of Directors 14 Governance Under the Stockholders Agreement 15 Board Leadership Structure, Company Strategy and Risk Oversight 15 Compensation Risk Assessment 17 Proactive Stockholder Engagement 17 Stockholder Contact with Directors 17 2025 Director Compensation 17 Executive Officers 20 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 22 Report of the Compensation and Benefits Committee 22 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 23 Fiscal Year 2025 Named Executive Officers 23 Executive Summary 23 Process for Determining Executive Compensation 30 Elements of Compensation 32 Employment Agreements 37 Tax and Accounting 37 Additional Compensation Governance Policies 38 Summary Compensation Table 40 2025 Grants of Plan Based Awards 42 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 43 2025 Options Exercised and Stock Vested 46 Retirement Benefits 46 NEO Employment Agreements 46 Separation and Related Arrangements 48 Limitation of Officers and Directors Liability and Indemnification Matters 53 Certain Beneficial Owners of Charter Class A Common Stock 54 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 57 Proposal No. 2: Increase the Number of Shares in the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 63 Proposal No. 3: Approval, on an Advisory Basis, of the Compensation of our Named Executive Officers 70 Proposal No. 4: Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 72 Accounting Matters 73 Principal Accounting Firm 73 Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 73 Report of the Audit Committee 74 Proposal No. 5: Stockholder Proposal Regarding Political Expenditures Report 75 Pay Versus Performance 77 CEO Pay Ratio 84 Code of Ethics 85 Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies 85 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 85 Stockholder Proposals for 2027 Annual Meeting 85 Other Matters 86 Appendix A: Non-GAAP Financial Measures A- 1 Appendix B: Third Amendment to 2019 Stock Incentive Plan B-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Charter Communications, Inc. PROXY STATEMENT Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholders Meeting to Be Held on April 21, 2026. The 2026 notice and proxy statement and the 2025 annual report to stockholders are available at www.proxyvote.com . This proxy statement and the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials were first mailed to stockholders on or about March 12, 2026. Questions and Answers about Voting and the Annual Meeting What matters will be voted on at the annual meeting? As a holder of Class A common stock, you are being asked to vote on the following: Proposal 1: To elect thirteen directors, nominated by our Board of Directors and named in this proxy statement; Proposal 2: To increase the number of shares in the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan; Proposal 3: To hold an advisory vote on the compensation of our named executive officers; Proposal 4: To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2026; Proposal 5: To vote on a stockholder proposal regarding political expenditures report if properly presented at the meeting; and To vote on any other matters properly brought before the stockholders at the meeting. How does the Board of Directors recommend that I vote? The Board of Directors recommends that you vote: FOR the election of the thirteen directors, nominated by our Board of Directors and named in this proxy statement; FOR the approval of the amendment increasing the number of shares in the Company s 2019 Stock Incentive Plan; FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers; FOR the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2026; and AGAINST the stockholder proposal. What if other matters come up at the annual meeting? The items listed on the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders are the only matters that we know will be voted on at the annual meeting. Your proxy gives discretionary authority to the persons named on the proxy card to vote on other matters. On such other business as may properly come before the meeting, your shares will be voted in the discretion and judgment of the proxy holder. Who has been nominated for election as directors at the annual meeting? The Board of Directors has nominated thirteen directors for election, each of whom is currently serving on our Board of Directors. The thirteen directors who have been nominated by the Board of Directors and agreed to serve as directors are Mses. Goodman and Slaski and Messrs. Conn, Davis, Markley, Miron, Nair, Newhouse, Patterson, Ramos, Wargo, Winfrey and Zinterhofer. Charter Communications | 1 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Who can vote at the annual meeting? As of the close of business on February 20, 2026 (the Record Date ), a total of 141,178,369 shares of Class A common stock, including Charter Communications Holdings, LLC ( Charter Holdings ) common units on an as-if-exchanged basis, are entitled to be voted by our stockholders at the annual meeting. Each holder of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share, representing 125,667,086 votes. Advance/Newhouse Partnership ( A/N ) holds one share of our Class B common stock, which is entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of shares of Class A common stock into which the Charter Holdings common units held by A/N may be exchanged, or 15,511,283 votes. The enclosed proxy card indicates the number of Class A shares that our records show you are entitled to vote. There are no other classes of common stock outstanding. What is the difference between being a stockholder of record and a beneficial owner? You are a stockholder of record if at the close of business on the Record Date your shares were registered in your name with Computershare Shareowner Services, our transfer agent and registrar. You are a beneficial owner if at the close of business on the Record Date, your shares were held by a brokerage firm or other nominee and not directly in your name, but are held in street name. As the beneficial owner of your shares, you have the right to direct your broker or other nominee how to vote your shares, i.e., for or against the proposals to be considered at the annual meeting. If you do not provide your broker or nominee with instructions on how to vote your shares, your broker or nominee will be able to vote your shares with respect to some of the proposals, but not all. See, What if I do not provide instructions on how to vote my shares? below. What do I do if my shares are held in street name ? If your shares are held in the name of your broker or other nominee, you should return your proxy in the envelope provided by your broker or nominee or instruct the person responsible for holding your shares to execute a proxy on your behalf. In either case, your shares will be voted according to your instructions. What if I do not provide instructions on how to vote my shares? If you are a stockholder of record and you submit a proxy, but do not provide voting instructions, your shares will be voted FOR the election of each of the Company s director nominees on proposal 1, FOR proposals 2 through 4, and AGAINST the stockholder proposal. If you are a beneficial owner and you do not provide the broker or other nominee that holds your shares with voting instructions, the broker or nominee has discretionary authority to vote for certain proposals, but not others pursuant to applicable regulatory requirements. Brokers and other nominees have the discretion to vote on routine matters such as proposal 4, but not on non-routine matters such as proposals 1, 2, 3 and 5. Therefore, if you do not provide voting instructions to the broker or nominee that holds your shares, the broker or nominee may only vote for proposal 4 and any other routine matters properly presented for a vote at the annual meeting. What is the quorum required for the meeting? We will hold the annual meeting if holders of shares having a majority of the voting power of Charter s capital stock as of the Record Date either sign and return their proxy cards, vote via the Internet or attend the meeting. If you sign and return your proxy card or vote via the Internet, your shares will be counted to determine whether we have a quorum, even if you fail to indicate your vote. Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted as present for purposes of determining whether a quorum exists at the annual meeting. How are broker non-votes and abstentions treated? If an executed proxy is returned by a broker holding shares in street name that indicates that the broker does not have discretionary authority as to certain shares to vote on one or more matters (a broker non-vote), such shares will be considered present at the meeting for purposes of determining a quorum on all matters, but will not be considered to be votes cast with respect to such matters. Charter Communications | 2 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS A stockholder may vote to abstain on any of the proposals. If you vote to abstain on any matter, your shares will be counted as present at the meeting for purposes of determining a quorum on all matters, but will not be considered to be votes cast with respect to such matter. Only FOR and AGAINST votes are counted for purposes of determining the votes cast in connection with each proposal. With respect to each of the proposals, broker non-votes and abstentions will have no effect on determining whether the affirmative vote constitutes a majority of the shares present or represented by proxy and voting at the annual meeting. In addition, because they do not count as votes cast, assuming a quorum is present, abstentions from voting, broker non-votes or a stockholder s other failure to vote will have no effect on the proposals. In order to minimize the number of broker non-votes, the Company encourages you to vote or to provide voting instructions to the organization that holds your shares by carefully following the instructions provided in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials. What is the vote required for the proposals on the agenda? The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast is required for approval of the matters in proposals 1 through 5. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not considered votes cast. Accordingly, assuming a quorum is present, abstentions, broker non-votes and a stockholder s other failure to vote will have no effect on the outcome of the applicable proposal. What are my choices for each proposal on the agenda? On proposal 1, for each of the director nominees you can vote your shares FOR a nominee or AGAINST a nominee, or you can abstain from voting. On proposals 2 through 5 you can vote FOR a proposal or AGAINST a proposal, or you can abstain from voting. How do I vote by proxy? Follow the instructions on the enclosed proxy card. Sign and date the proxy card and mail it back to us in the enclosed envelope. If you receive more than one proxy card it may mean that you hold shares in more than one account. Sign and return all proxy cards to ensure that all of your shares are voted. The proxy holder named on the proxy card will vote your shares as you instruct. If you sign and return the proxy card but do not indicate your vote, the proxy holder will vote on your behalf FOR each of the director nominees on proposal 1, FOR proposals 2 through 4, and AGAINST the stockholder proposal and will also have discretionary authority to vote your shares on any other matter that is properly brought before the annual meeting. Stockholders may also vote their proxy by using the toll-free number listed on the proxy card and following the instructions. Can I vote via the Internet? Stockholders with shares registered in their names with Computershare Shareowner Services, our transfer agent, may authorize a proxy via the Internet at the following address: www.proxyvote.com . A number of brokerage firms and banks participate in a program that permits Internet voting. If your shares are held in an account at a brokerage firm or bank that participates in such a program, you may direct the vote of those shares by following the instructions on the voting form enclosed with the proxy from the brokerage firm or bank. Proxies submitted via the Internet must be received by 11:59 p.m. (EDT) on April 20, 2026. Please refer to your voting instruction form and/or your proxy card for specific voting instructions. If you vote this year s proxy via the Internet, you may also elect to receive future proxy and other materials electronically by following the instructions when you vote. Making this election will save the Company the cost of producing and mailing these documents. Can I change my vote after I return my proxy card? Yes. At any time before the vote at the annual meeting, you can change your vote either by giving our Corporate Secretary a written notice revoking your proxy card, or by signing, dating and submitting a new later-dated proxy card via the Internet, by telephone or by mail. We will honor the latest dated proxy card which has been received prior to the closing of the voting. You may also attend the meeting and vote in person. If you wish to attend the annual meeting and vote your shares in person and you are the beneficial owner of your shares, you must obtain the documents required to vote your shares in person at the annual meeting from your broker or nominee. Charter Communications | 3 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Is my vote confidential? We will maintain the confidentiality of proxy cards and other votes that identify individual stockholders unless disclosure is required by law. Who will count the votes? Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. has been appointed to receive and tabulate stockholder votes and American Election Services, LLC will act as the inspector of election and certify the election results. Who is soliciting my vote? The Board of Directors is soliciting your vote. In addition, we retained Innisfree M A Incorporated, a proxy solicitation firm, to solicit proxies in connection with our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders at a total cost of approximately $20,000 plus expenses. Charter expects to solicit proxies primarily by mail, but directors, officers and other employees of Charter may also solicit in person or by internet, telephone or mail. Contact information for the proxy solicitor appears below. Proxy Solicitor Charter stockholders who need assistance in voting their shares or need a copy of this proxy statement should contact: Innisfree M A Incorporated 501 Madison Avenue, 20 th Floor New York City, New York 10022 Stockholders may call toll free: (888) 750-5834 Banks and brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833 Who pays for this proxy solicitation? The Company pays for the proxy solicitation. We will ask banks, brokers and other nominees and fiduciaries to forward the proxy material to the beneficial owners of the Class A common stock and to obtain the authority of executed proxies. We will reimburse them for their reasonable expenses. Where can I find the voting results of the annual meeting? We will report the voting results on a Current Report on Form 8-K that we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) within four business days after the date of the meeting and that we will post on our website promptly after it is filed. Charter Communications | 4 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors (Item 1 on Proxy Card) The size of our Board of Directors is thirteen, and we currently have thirteen members standing as nominees for election. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named. As set forth in more detail below, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors and the Board of Directors have determined that twelve of our thirteen current directors are independent pursuant to NASDAQ rules. Each of our directors is elected on an annual basis. The Board of Directors is soliciting your vote for the directors to be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders. Once elected, each of the directors will hold office until his or her successor is elected, or he or she resigns or is otherwise removed. Under the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement among Charter, Liberty Broadband and A/N, dated as of May 23, 2015 (the Existing Stockholders Agreement ), as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement and the Letter Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2024 (the Stockholders and Letter Agreement Amendment ), and Charter s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the number of Charter s directors is fixed at thirteen. Under the Existing Stockholders Agreement, Liberty Broadband currently has the right to designate three directors as nominees for Charter s Board of Directors and A/N currently has the right to designate two directors as nominees for Charter s Board of Directors. Of the director nominees named in this proxy statement, Messrs. Nair, Patterson and Wargo were designated by Liberty Broadband and Messrs. Miron and Newhouse were designated by A/N. David Merritt retired from service on the Board of Directors effective as of January 26, 2026. To fill the vacancy caused by Mr. Merritt s departure, Wade Davis was appointed by the Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, to serve on the Board of Directors effective as of January 27, 2026. Mr. Davis will stand for election at the upcoming annual meeting of stockholders. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS VOTING FOR THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES. Information about the Director Nominees The following information concerns the thirteen individuals who have been nominated by the Board of Directors for election by the stockholders. Each of the following individuals currently serves as a director. Directors Position(s) Eric L. Zinterhofer Non-Executive Chairman W. Lance Conn Director Wade Davis Director Kim C. Goodman Director John D. Markley, Jr. Director Steven A. Miron Director Balan Nair Director Michael A. Newhouse Director Martin E. Patterson Director Mauricio Ramos Director Carolyn J. Slaski Director J. David Wargo Director Christopher L. Winfrey Director Charter Communications | 5 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Nominees Eric L. Zinterhofer Non-Executive Chairman Age: 54 Director Since: 2009 Committees: Compensation and Benefits, Nominating and Corporate Governance, Finance Biographical Information: Mr. Zinterhofer serves as Non-Executive Chairman of Charter s board of directors and was previously the Lead Independent Director of the board from May 2016 to November 2023 and served as the Non-Executive Chairman of the board from November 2009 through May 2016. In 2010, Mr. Zinterhofer founded Searchlight Capital Partners, L.P., a private equity firm. Previously, he served as a senior partner at Apollo Management, L.P. and was with Apollo from 1998 until May 2010. Mr. Zinterhofer is a director of The Est e Lauder Companies, Inc., Care Advantage, Inc., Liberty Latin America Ltd., and TelevisaUnivision, Inc. Mr. Zinterhofer previously served as a director of Ziply Fiber LLC until 2025, Hemisphere Media Group until 2022, TouchTunes Interactive until 2022, Global Eagle Entertainment until 2020, Roots Corporation until 2020, Liberty Cablevision of Puerto Rico until 2018, General Communication Inc. until 2018, 160 Over Ninety LLC until 2018, Hunter Boot Limited until 2015, Integra Telecom, Inc. until 2015, and Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. until 2013. Mr. Zinterhofer received B.A. degrees with Honors in Economics and European History from the University of Pennsylvania and received an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Zinterhofer s qualifications to sit on Charter s Board include his extensive background in banking and investment industries and his particular knowledge and experience as a financial advisor and investor in the telecommunications industries. This knowledge and experience contributes to the Board s evaluation of financing opportunities and strategies and consideration of our capital structure, budgets and business plans, provides insight into other company board practices and strengthens the Board s collective qualifications, skills and attributes. W. Lance Conn Independent Director Age: 57 Director Since: 2004 Committees: Compensation and Benefits (Chair), Finance Biographical Information: Mr. Conn is a businessman, investor and conservationist. From July 2004 to May 2009, Mr. Conn served as the President of Vulcan Capital, the investment arm of Vulcan, Inc. Prior to Vulcan, Mr. Conn was employed by America Online, Inc. from March 1996 to May 2003. From September 1994 to February 1996, Mr. Conn was an attorney with Shaw, Pittman, Potts Trowbridge LLP in Washington, D.C. Mr. Conn holds a J.D. degree from the University of Virginia, a M.A. degree in history from the University of Mississippi and a B.A. degree in history from Princeton University. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Conn s qualifications to sit on Charter s Board include his extensive experience in the media and telecommunications industries, his experience in the investment industry and his knowledge of Charter gained from his long-term service as a director. Charter Communications | 6 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Wade Davis Independent Director Age: 54 Director Since: 2026 Committees: None Biographical Information: Mr. Davis is the Founder of ForgeLight, LLC, an operating and investment company focused on the media and consumer technology sectors, since December 2019. Mr. Davis also serves as Vice Chairman of the Board of TelevisaUnivision, Inc. Mr. Davis previously served as the Chief Executive Officer of TelevisaUnivision from January 2021 to September 2024. Mr. Davis served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Viacom Inc., a multinational mass media conglomerate with interests primarily in film and television, from November 2012 to December 2019. Prior to that, he served in various roles at Viacom, including Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development from August 2009 to November 2012, Senior Vice President, Mergers Acquisitions and Strategic Planning from January 2007 to August 2009 and Senior Vice President of Mergers Acquisitions from January 2006 to January 2007. Prior to joining Viacom, Mr. Davis was an investment banker in the technology and media sectors for more than a decade. Mr. Davis holds degrees with distinction and honors in both philosophy and economics from Williams College. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Davis s qualifications to sit on Charter s Board include his extensive experience as a media industry leader, including founding ForgeLight to build, acquire and operate companies in the media and consumer technology sectors. His experience includes serving as a C-Suite Fortune 100 operator, board director, investment banker and entrepreneur. Kim C. Goodman Independent Director Age: 60 Director Since: 2016 Committees: Audit Biographical Information: Ms. Goodman is Chief Executive Officer of Smarsh, Inc., a global leader in digital communications compliance and intelligence. Prior to joining Smarsh, Ms. Goodman was President, Payments and Risk Solutions of Fiserv, Inc., a leading global provider of financial services and technology solutions. While at Fiserv, Ms. Goodman also served as Head of Merchant Joint Ventures and Acquirer Processing and Head of Card Services. Prior to Fiserv, Ms. Goodman was Chief Executive Officer of Worldpay US, following seven years at American Express (AMEX), where she served as president of its Global Business Travel and Merchant Services Americas units. Prior to joining AMEX, she held executive leadership roles at Dell Inc. in Software and Peripherals, Marketing and Transactional Sales and Dell Networking. Ms. Goodman began her career in management consulting with Bain Company, where she ascended to the role of partner. Ms. Goodman previously served as a director of Alcatel-Lucent SA, Brocade Communications Systems, and National Life Insurance Company. A graduate of Stanford University with a Master of Science in Industrial Engineering and Bachelor of Arts in Political Science, Ms. Goodman also earned a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School where she was a Baker Scholar. Skills and Qualifications: Ms. Goodman s qualifications to sit on Charter s Board include her experience in software, networking, financial services and customer service, her experience serving on other public company boards, as well as her experience in executive leadership roles at Smarsh, Fiserv, Worldpay US and AMEX and previous senior leadership positions in both software and networking at Dell Inc. Charter Communications | 7 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS John D. Markley, Jr. Independent Director Age: 60 Director Since: 2009 Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance (Chair), Audit Biographical Information: Mr. Markley is Managing Director of Bear Creek Capital, an investment firm focused on public and private companies in the communications, media and technology industries. Mr. Markley also is a partner at New Amsterdam Growth Capital. From 1996 to 2009, Mr. Markley was a partner at Columbia Capital, a venture capital firm, where he served on the board of numerous private companies. Mr. Markley is a director of Interdigital, Inc. where he serves as the Chair of its governance committee and member of its compensation committee. Mr. Markley previously served as Chairman of the Board of BroadSoft, Inc. until its acquisition by Cisco Systems, Inc. in February 2018 where he also served on the compensation committee, and as a director of Millennial Media, Inc. from July 2006 to May 2014. Mr. Markley also is currently a director of numerous private companies in the communications, media and technology industries. Mr. Markley received a B.A. degree from Washington Lee University and an M.B.A degree from Harvard Business School. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Markley s qualifications to sit on Charter s Board include his private equity and operating experience and his extensive experience with communications, media and technology companies, which allow him to contribute guidance and advice relating to the development and execution of the company s strategy and analysis of potential business opportunities. Steven A. Miron Independent Director Age: 59 Director Since: 2016 Committees: Compensation and Benefits Biographical Information: Mr. Miron is the chief executive officer of Advance/Newhouse Partnership, a privately-held media company headquartered in Syracuse, New York and a senior executive officer at Advance, a private, family-held business that owns and invests in companies across media, entertainment, technology, communications, education and other promising growth sectors. Advance s portfolio includes Cond Nast, a global media company that produces award-winning journalism, content, and entertainment for every platform today and operates in 32 markets worldwide Advance Local, a leading digital journalism, data, and insights company, serving over 50 million people monthly Stage Entertainment, a leading global producer of musical theatre, owning and operating a network of 16 significant venues across continental Europe The IRONMAN Group, the largest operator of mass participation sports in the world American City Business Journals, the largest producer of local business news, information and events in the United States, covering 44 cities Leaders Group, a global intelligence platform for sports and gaming business professionals Turnitin, a global company dedicated to ensuring the integrity of education and research and POP, a digital marketing agency. Advance holds an approximately 13% interest in Charter and is among the largest shareholders in Reddit. Mr. Miron previously served as President of Bright House Networks from July 2002 to May 2008 and as Chief Executive Officer from May 2008 until May 2016, when Bright House Networks was acquired by Charter. Mr. Miron currently serves as a director of C-SPAN and was previously a member of the board of directors of Warner Bros. Discovery, the National Cable Telecommunications Association and CableLabs. Mr. Miron previously served for several years on the board of directors and executive committee for CTAM and the boards of Emma Bowen Foundation, CTAM Educational Foundation, Crouse Health Foundation and the Jewish Community Foundation of Central New York. Mr. Miron is a graduate of American University. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Miron s qualifications to sit on Charter s Board include his extensive experience as a cable television executive and his experience in the media and technology industries. Mr. Miron has developed a deep understanding of our industry and his expertise in the cable television industry makes him a valued presence on our Board. Charter Communications | 8 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Balan Nair Independent Director Age: 59 Director Since: 2013 Committees: None Biographical Information: Mr. Nair is President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of Liberty Latin America, Ltd., an integrated telecommunications company focused on the Caribbean Islands and Latin America. Mr. Nair is an experienced and proven business executive with more than 20 years in the telecommunications industry. He has been a part of the Liberty family of companies since 2007, when he joined Liberty Global as its Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer. He most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Technology and Innovation Officer. In this role, he was responsible for overseeing Liberty Global s worldwide network, as well as Technology and Innovation operations, including Product Development, IT, Network Operations, Mobile Operations and Global Supply Chain functions. He was also responsible for Corporate Strategy and Venture investments. Mr. Nair was an executive officer of Liberty Global and sat on Liberty Global s Executive Leadership Team and the Investment Committee. Prior to joining Liberty Global, from December 2006 to June 2007, Mr. Nair served as Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President for AOL LLC, a global web services company. Prior to his role at AOL, he spent more than 12 years at Qwest Communications International Inc., most recently as Chief Information Officer and Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Nair sits on the board of directors of Adtran Corporation. Mr. Nair previously served as a director of Telenet Group Holding, N.V., which trades on EN Brussels. He holds a patent in systems development and is a Licensed Professional Engineer in Colorado. Mr. Nair holds an M.B.A. and a B.S. in electrical engineering, both from Iowa State University. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Nair s qualifications to sit on Charter s Board include his significant executive experience in building, integrating and managing technology businesses and his in-depth knowledge of all aspects of technology for delivering telecommunications systems. Michael A. Newhouse Independent Director Age: 66 Director Since: 2016 Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance, Finance Biographical Information: Mr. Newhouse is a co-president at Advance, a private, family-held business that owns and invests in companies across media, entertainment, technology, communications, education and other promising growth sectors. Advance s portfolio includes Cond Nast, a global media company that produces award-winning journalism, content, and entertainment for every platform today and operates in 32 markets worldwide Advance Local, a leading digital journalism, data, and insights company, serving over 50 million people monthly Stage Entertainment, a leading global producer of musical theatre, owning and operating a network of 16 significant venues across continental Europe The IRONMAN Group, the largest operator of mass participation sports in the world American City Business Journals, the largest producer of local business news, information and events in the United States, covering 44 cities Leaders Group, a global intelligence platform for sports and gaming business professionals Turnitin, a global company dedicated to ensuring the integrity of education and research and POP, a digital marketing agency. Advance holds an approximately 13% interest in Charter and is among the largest shareholders in Reddit. Mr. Newhouse is a graduate of Tufts University. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Newhouse s qualifications to sit on Charter s Board include his extensive experience in the cable programming, cable infrastructure, media and technology industries. Mr. Newhouse has developed a deep understanding of our industry and his expertise in the cable programming and cable infrastructure industries make him a valued member of our Board. Charter Communications | 9 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Martin E. Patterson Independent Director Nominee Age: 39 Director Since: 2025 Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance, Finance Biographical Information: Mr. Patterson is President CEO of Liberty Broadband. In addition, Mr. Patterson is Senior Vice President and Co-Head of Corporate Development of Liberty Media Corporation, GCI Liberty, Inc. and Liberty Live Holdings, Inc., and was formerly Senior Vice President of Atlanta Braves Holdings, Inc. until August 2024, QVC Group, Inc. until March 2025, Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. until April 2025 and Liberty Broadband until July 2025. He has been with Liberty Media Corporation, a media, communications and entertainment company, and its predecessors since 2010. Mr. Patterson was previously a director of ComScore, Inc., Skyhook Wireless, Inc. and Ideiasnet S.A. He received his B.A. from Colorado College and is a CFA Charterholder. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Patterson s qualifications to sit on Charter s board includes his extensive experience investing in public and private companies in the technology, media and telecommunications sectors. Mauricio Ramos Independent Director Age: 57 Director Since: 2016 Committees: Nominating and Corporate Governance and Compensation and Benefits Biographical Information: Mr. Ramos served as the Chief Executive Officer of Millicom International Cellular S.A. ( Millicom ), a Luxembourg public liability company traded on the Stockholm and U.S. NASDAQ stock exchange (NASDAQ: TIGO) from April 2015 to May 2024; as an Executive Director from June 2020 to September 2024; and as Chairman of the Board from September 2023 to September 2024. Millicom is a leading telecommunications and media company dedicated to emerging markets in Latin America and Africa. Before joining Millicom, Mr. Ramos was President of Liberty Global s Latin American division, a position he held from 2006 until February 2015. During his career at Liberty Global, Mr. Ramos held several leadership roles, including positions as Chairman and CEO of VTR in Chile and President of Liberty Puerto Rico. Throughout his career he has successfully developed both mobile and broadband businesses in Latin America, delivering solid operational improvement and outstanding financial results. In April 2025, he was appointed Chair of the Board of Directors of WOM Chile, a leading mobile and broadband operator in Chile. In 2024 he was appointed Chair of the Partnership for Central America and became a member of the Board of Trustees of the Meridian International Center. From 2021 to 2023 Mr. Ramos also served on the Broadband Commission for Sustainable Development as a Commissioner and on the INCAE business school Presidential Advisory Council. He has served as Chair of the Digital Communications Industry Community of the World Economic Forum and on the GSMA Board of Directors from 2017-2019. He served as Director of the Biennial of the Americas from 2012 to 2015, Director of Columbus Networks from 2013 to 2014, and Director of the American Chamber of Commerce in Chile from 2007-2011, among various other roles. He is a citizen of the United States and Colombia and received a degree in Economics, a degree in Law, and a postgraduate degree in Financial Law from Universidad de los Andes in Bogota. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Ramos qualifications to sit on Charter s Board include his significant executive experience in the telecommunications and media industries. His experience in these areas as well as his experience developing both mobile and broadband businesses make him a valued member of our Board. Charter Communications | 10 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Carolyn J. Slaski Independent Director Age: 63 Director Since: 2024 Committees: Audit Biographical Information: Ms. Slaski served as the Americas and US Vice-Chair of Talent of EY LLP from 2015 to 2021. Previously, Ms. Slaski was a Senior Audit Partner from 1984-2021 and, during that time, also served as the East Region Assurance Managing Partner from 2013 to 2015, New Jersey Office Managing Partner and Market Segment Leader from 2010-2013 and European Client Service Partner and Capital Markets Leader from 2002 to 2005. Ms. Slaski serves on the board of TELUS International where she sits on the Audit and HR committees. Ms. Slaski holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics (Honors) from Rutgers University, a Certified Public Accountant certification and has completed EY s Strategic Leadership Program by Harvard University. Skills and Qualifications: Ms. Slaski s qualifications to sit on Charter s Board include her many years of experience as an audit and lead partner with a major accounting firm. As an experienced director and audit committee member with extensive accounting, financial reporting and audit committee experience, Ms. Slaski brings a strong background in strategic leadership, risk management, information technology and information management to our Board. J. David Wargo Independent Director Nominee Age: 72 Director Since: 2025 Committees: Compensation and Benefits Biographical Information: Mr. Wargo is the founder and President of Wargo Company, Inc., a private company specializing in investing in the communications industry since 1993. Mr. Wargo is also the Managing Member of Peters Creek Entertainment. Mr. Wargo is a co-founder and was a member of New Mountain Capital, LLC from 2000 to 2008. Prior to starting Wargo Company, he was a managing director and senior analyst of The Putnam Companies from 1989 to 1992, senior vice president and a partner in Marble Arch Partners from 1985 to 1989 and senior analyst, assistant director of research and a partner in State Street Research and Management Company from 1978 to 1985. Mr. Wargo has served as a director of Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. since August 2014 and Liberty Broadband since March 2015. He has also served as a director of Liberty Global plc since June 2013, having previously served as a director of Liberty Global, Inc. from June 2005 to June 2013 and as a director of Liberty Media International, Inc. from May 2004 to June 2005. He served as a director of Strategic Education, Inc. (formerly Strayer Education, Inc.) from March 2001 to April 2019. He served as a director of Discovery Communications, Inc. from September 2008 until April 2022, after having served as a director of Discovery Holding Company from May 2005 to September 2008. Mr. Wargo also served as a director of Vobile Group Limited from 2018 until 2025. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Wargo s qualifications to sit on Charter s Board include extensive background in investment analysis and management, experience as a public company board member and his particular expertise in finance and capital markets will contribute to our Board s consideration of our capital structure, evaluation of investment, financial opportunities and strategies, and strengthen our Board s collective qualifications, skills and attributes. Charter Communications | 11 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Christopher L. Winfrey Director Age: 50 Director Since: 2023 Committees: None Biographical Information: Mr. Winfrey was named President and Chief Executive Officer of Charter Communications in December 2022 and appointed to the Board of Directors in November 2023. He most recently served as Chief Operating Officer since 2021, where he oversaw all cable operations, including marketing, sales, field operations and customer operations, as well as Spectrum Enterprise. Mr. Winfrey joined Charter as Chief Financial Officer in 2010 responsible for Charter s accounting, financial planning and analysis, procurement, real estate, tax and treasury functions, as well as mergers and acquisitions, capital structure activities and investor relations. Charter added oversight of its fiber-based Spectrum Enterprise business to his CFO responsibilities in 2019, and operational leadership of the residential and SMB Sales and Marketing organization, and Spectrum Community Solutions in February of 2021. Prior to joining Charter, Mr. Winfrey served as Chief Financial Officer of Unitymedia GmbH, Germany s second-largest cable operator, and as Managing Director for Unitymedia s cable operations, broadcasting and satellite entities. Earlier in his career, Mr. Winfrey served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance and Development at Cablecom, GmbH. He was previously a Director of Financial Planning and Analysis and Director of Operations Services of NTL Incorporated s continental European operations, and a senior associate in the private equity group at Communications Equity Associates. Mr. Winfrey has spent more than 25 years in the cable industry, and in 2015 received The Internet Television Association s (NCTA) Vanguard Award for Young Leadership. He currently serves on the Boards of the NCTA, CableLabs and C-SPAN. He also serves on the University of Florida Business School Advisory Council. He received a B.S. in accounting and an MBA from the University of Florida. Skills and Qualifications: Mr. Winfrey s qualifications to sit on Charter s Board include his many years of experience as an executive in the telecommunications industry, including as our President and Chief Executive Officer since December 2022. Mr. Winfrey is responsible for setting and executing the goals and strategies related to our business and provides the Board not only with a knowledge of our day-to-day operations, but also with the essential experience, insight and expertise that can be provided only by a person who is intimately involved in running our business. Board of Directors and Committees of the Board of Directors Our Board of Directors meets regularly throughout the year on an established schedule. The Board also holds special meetings and executive sessions and acts by written consent from time to time as necessary. The Company held an annual stockholders meeting in 2025, which each incumbent director and each director-nominee attended. Members of the Board of Directors are encouraged to attend the annual meeting each year. In 2025, the full Board of Directors held sixteen meetings and acted eight times by unanimous written consent. Each of our incumbent directors attended 75% or more of the aggregate meetings of the Board and of the Board committees on which they served during 2025. The Board of Directors delegates authority to act with respect to certain matters to Board committees whose members are appointed by the Board of Directors. The current standing committees of the Board of Directors are the following: Audit Committee, Compensation and Benefits Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Finance Committee. The Audit, Compensation and Benefits, Nominating and Corporate Governance and Finance Committees each have a charter that is available on the Investors section of our website at ir.charter.com. Charter s Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of the Company s financial statements, reviewing the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit, review or attest services and reviewing our risk management program. In 2025 Mses. Goodman and Slaski and Messrs. Merritt and Markley served on the Audit Committee for the entire year. Ms. Slaski is Chair of the Audit Committee. Charter s Board of Directors has determined that, in its judgment, Ms. Slaski is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the applicable federal regulations. All members of the Audit Committee were determined by the Board of Directors in 2025 to be independent in accordance with the listing standards of NASDAQ and Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Audit Committee met four times and acted three times by unanimous written consent in 2025. Charter Communications | 12 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The Compensation and Benefits Committee reviews and approves the compensation of the senior management of the Company. During 2025, Messrs. Conn, Miron, Ramos and Zinterhofer served on the Compensation and Benefits Committee for the entire year. In addition, former director Gregory Maffei served on the Compensation and Benefits Committee through April 22, 2025 and Mr. Wargo was appointed to the Compensation and Benefits Committee as of April 22, 2025. Mr. Conn served as the Chair of the Compensation and Benefits Committee during 2025. All members of the Compensation and Benefits Committee were determined by the Board of Directors in 2025 to be independent in accordance with the listing standards of NASDAQ and Rule 10C of the Exchange Act. The Compensation and Benefits Committee met five times and acted two times by unanimous written consent in 2025. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees corporate governance, including recommending Board and committee nominations, overseeing the Corporate Governance Guidelines, reviewing and reporting to the Board as to director independence, overseeing environmental, social and governance matters, reviewing public policy priorities and political engagement strategy and overseeing lobbying activities. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers director candidates proposed by stockholders if adequate information is submitted in a timely manner (see Nomination and Qualifications of Directors below). During 2025, Messrs. Markley, Newhouse, Ramos and Zinterhofer served on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for the entire year. In addition, former director James Meyer served on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee through April 22, 2025 and Mr. Patterson was appointed to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as of April 22, 2025. Mr. Markley is the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. All members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee were determined by the Board in 2025 to be independent in accordance with the listing standards of NASDAQ. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met four times in 2025. The Finance Committee reviews the Company s financing activities and approves the terms and conditions of certain financing transactions, in consultation with the Company s legal and financial advisors. During 2025, Messrs. Conn, Merritt, Newhouse and Zinterhofer served on the Finance Committee for the entire year. In addition, former director Gregory Maffei served on the Finance Committee through April 22, 2025 and Mr. Patterson was appointed to the Finance Committee as of April 22, 2025. The Finance Committee met one time and acted seven times by unanimous written consent in 2025. In addition to the standing committees described above, from time to time, the Board of Directors may create ad hoc committees for specific projects or transactions. Ad hoc committees acted by written consent during 2025 related to the Company s stock buyback arrangements with each of A/N and Liberty Broadband. On August 1, 2024, the Board of Directors established a Special Committee, consisting entirely of independent and disinterested directors, to investigate, explore, evaluate and negotiate any potential transaction involving Liberty Broadband. During 2025, Mses. Goodman and Slaski and Messrs. Conn, Markley and Merritt served on the Special Committee. Mr. Markley served as the Chair of the Special Committee during 2025. The Special Committee met one time and acted two times by unanimous written consent in 2025. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board of Directors have determined that a majority of the thirteen current directors are independent. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board of Directors have specifically determined that Mses. Goodman and Slaski and Messrs. Conn, Davis, Markley, Ramos and Zinterhofer are independent directors under NASDAQ rules. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board of Directors also determined that Messrs. Nair, Patterson and Wargo are independent under the NASDAQ rules; however, due to their designation as nominees by, or relationship with, Liberty Broadband, a stockholder of the Company, they may not be considered independent under SEC rules for Audit Committee membership purposes. Similarly, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board of Directors determined that Messrs. Miron and Newhouse are independent under the NASDAQ rules; however, due to their designation as nominees by, or relationship with, A/N, a stockholder of the Company, they may not be considered independent under SEC rules for Audit Committee membership purposes. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board of Directors further determined that Messrs. Miron, Nair, Newhouse, Patterson and Wargo s designation as nominees by, or relationship with, a stockholder of the Company does not prohibit a finding of independence under SEC rules and NASDAQ Rule 5605(d)(2) for Compensation and Benefits Committee membership purposes. Mr. Winfrey is President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and is thus not independent for NASDAQ Rule purposes as an executive officer of the Company. Charter Communications | 13 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Nomination and Qualifications of Directors Candidates for director are nominated by the Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and subject to certain requirements under the Existing Stockholders Agreement, as amended by the Stockholders and Letter Agreement Amendment. Charter s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that, among other things, candidates for new Board membership to be considered by Charter s Board of Directors should be individuals representing a wide range of business and professional backgrounds and viewpoints with unquestioned high ethical standards and professional achievement, knowledge and experience. The Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that factors such as industry sector, technical expertise and other relevant experiences will be among the many elements considered in evaluating candidates. In considering candidates for the Board of Directors, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee considers the entirety of each candidate s credentials in the context of these standards. In addition, director candidates must be individuals with the time and commitment necessary to perform the duties of a Board member and other special skills that complement or supplement the skill sets of current directors. We believe that the Board of Directors is comprised of an effective mix of experience, backgrounds, knowledge, and skills, including the following: Ten directors have experience and demonstrated expertise in managing large, complex organizations, such as serving as CEOs or next-level executives of a significant company or organization; Seven directors have significant financial, accounting or other risk management expertise; Two directors have significant technology and product development experience; and Twelve directors have experience on one or more boards of other significant public or nonprofit organizations. In addition, we believe that all of our directors have the following attributes that positively contribute to our Board of Directors: Experience with video, internet, telephone, wireless or media businesses; Experience with significant transactions, including financings, investments and acquisitions; Judgment, skill, integrity and reputation; and Varied business and professional backgrounds. Stockholders may nominate persons to be directors by following the procedures set forth in our Bylaws. These procedures require the stockholder to deliver timely notice to the Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices. That notice must contain the information required by the Bylaws about the stockholder proposing the nominee and about the nominee. No stockholder nominees have been proposed for this year s meeting. Stockholders also are free to suggest persons directly to the Board of Directors for the Board to consider as nominees. The Board of Directors will consider those individuals if adequate information is submitted in a timely manner (see Stockholder Proposals for 2027 Annual Meeting below for deadline requirements) in writing to the Board of Directors at the Company s principal executive offices, in care of the General Counsel. In November 2023, Thomas Rutledge retired as Executive Chairman from the Board of Directors, but continues to serve as a Director Emeritus. As a Director Emeritus, Mr. Rutledge continues to attend Board meetings, but does not have a vote on matters presented. Charter Communications | 14 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Governance Under the Stockholders Agreement On May 23, 2015, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Mergers (the TWC Merger Agreement ) with the company formerly known as Charter Communications, Inc. ( Legacy Charter ), Time Warner Cable Inc. ( Legacy TWC ), and certain other subsidiary entities, pursuant to which the parties engaged in a series of transactions that resulted in Legacy Charter and Legacy TWC becoming wholly owned subsidiaries of Charter (the TWC Transaction ) on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the TWC Merger Agreement. After giving effect to the TWC Transaction, Charter became the new public company parent that holds the operations of the combined companies. On March 31, 2015, the Company entered into a definitive Contribution Agreement (the Contribution Agreement ), which was amended on May 23, 2015 in connection with the execution of the TWC Merger Agreement, with A/N, A/NPC Holdings LLC, Legacy Charter and Charter Holdings, pursuant to which the Company became the owner of the membership interests in Bright House Networks, LLC ( Bright House ) and any other assets (other than certain excluded assets and liabilities and non-operating cash) primarily related to Bright House (the Bright House Transaction, and together with the TWC Transaction, the TWC and Brighthouse Transactions ). In connection with the TWC and Brighthouse Transactions, Charter entered into the Existing Stockholders Agreement on May 23, 2015. On November 12, 2024, simultaneously with the execution of the merger agreement by and among Charter, Liberty Broadband, Fusion Merger Sub 1, LLC and Fusion Merger Sub 2, Inc., which provides for the merger of Liberty Broadband with and into a wholly owned subsidiary of Charter, Charter, Liberty Broadband and A/N entered into the Stockholders and Letter Agreement Amendment. Under the Existing Stockholders Agreement, as amended by the Stockholders and Letter Agreement Amendment, Liberty Broadband has designated Messrs. Nair, Patterson and Wargo as director nominees and A/N has designated Messrs. Miron and Newhouse as director nominees. Under the terms of the Existing Stockholders Agreement, as amended by the Stockholders and Letter Agreement Amendment, and Charter s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the number of Charter s directors is fixed at thirteen. Two designees selected by A/N are members of the Board of Directors of Charter and three designees selected by Liberty Broadband are members of the Board of Directors of Charter. The remaining eight directors are not designated by either A/N or Liberty Broadband. Each of A/N and Liberty Broadband is entitled to designate at least one director to each of the committees of Charter s Board of Directors, subject to applicable stock exchange listing rules and certain specified voting or equity ownership thresholds for each of A/N and Liberty Broadband, and provided that the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Compensation and Benefits Committee each have at least a majority of directors independent from A/N, Liberty Broadband and the Company. Each of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Compensation and Benefits Committee is currently comprised of three directors not designated by either A/N or Liberty Broadband and one designee of each of A/N and Liberty Broadband. The Stockholders and Letter Agreement Amendment provides that, during the pendency of the Liberty Broadband merger agreement, any designees of Liberty Broadband on the Compensation and Benefits Committee will not participate in such designee s capacity as a member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee in any discussions or decisions relating to the hiring, firing or compensation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Neither A/N nor Liberty Broadband has designated a director to serve on the Audit Committee, but each has designated a director to serve in an observer role on the Audit Committee. A/N and Liberty Broadband also have certain other committee designation and governance rights. Under the Existing Stockholders Agreement, as amended by the Stockholders and Letter Agreement Amendment, Liberty Broadband and A/N are required to vote (subject to the applicable voting cap) their respective shares of Charter Class A common stock and Charter Class B common stock for the director nominees nominated by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, including the respective designees of Liberty Broadband and A/N, and against any other nominees, except that, with respect to the directors not designated by either A/N or Liberty Broadband, Liberty Broadband and A/N must instead vote in the same proportion as the voting securities are voted by stockholders other than A/N and Liberty Broadband or any group which includes any of them are voted, if doing so would cause a different outcome with respect to any such directors. Board Leadership Structure, Company Strategy and Risk Oversight Mr. Zinterhofer is the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board. Mr. Winfrey, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a Board member, is responsible for setting the strategic direction for the Company in consultation and with the necessary approvals of the Board of Directors and is responsible for the day-to-day leadership and performance of the Company. The Non-Executive Chairman presides over meetings of the Board of Directors and executive sessions of independent directors and provides leadership for the non-A/N and non-Liberty Broadband directors. The Non-Executive Chairman serves as a liaison Charter Communications | 15 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS between the independent directors and the President and Chief Executive Officer and has authority to call meetings of the independent directors. The Non-Executive Chairman leads the Board s annual evaluation of the President and Chief Executive Officer s performance. If requested, the Non-Executive Chairman is available for consultation and direct communication with major stockholders and regulators under appropriate circumstances. The Non-Executive Chairman also monitors and coordinates with management on corporate governance issues and developments. Every year, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews and makes a recommendation on the appropriate governance framework for Board leadership. The Committee takes into consideration governance best practices and the facts and circumstances of our Board. In connection with this process, the Company determined that Board leadership is best provided through a clearly defined and significant Non-Executive Chairman role, active and strong committee chairs, and independent-minded, skilled, engaged, diverse and committed directors. The Board believes that its current structure and governance allows it to provide effective challenge and oversight of management. The Board regularly discusses with management the Company s competitive positioning, strategic dynamics and business priorities. We are a leading broadband connectivity company with services available to 58 million homes and small to large businesses across 41 states through our Spectrum brand. Founded in 1993, we have evolved from providing cable TV to streaming, and from high-speed Internet to a converged broadband, WiFi and mobile experience. Over the Spectrum Fiber Broadband Network and supported by our 100% U.S.-based employees, we offer Seamless Connectivity and Entertainment with Spectrum Internet , Mobile, TV and Voice products. The Board discusses and advises management with respect to the Company s strategies to effectively operate within each of our service areas. These discussions support our core initiatives, which focus on utilizing our fiber-powered network to deliver high-quality, competitively priced products, with outstanding service, allowing us to increase both the number of customers we serve over our network and the number of products we sell to each customer. This combination also reduces the number of service transactions we perform per relationship, yielding higher customer satisfaction and lower customer churn, which results in lower costs to acquire and serve customers and drives greater profitability. In addition to discussions with management, our non-management directors meet regularly in executive sessions that are chaired by our Non-Executive Chairman with no members of management present. Non-management directors use these executive sessions to discuss matters of concern, as well as evaluations of the President and Chief Executive Officer and senior management, management and Board successions, matters to be included on Board agendas, and additional information the Board would like management to provide to them. The chairs and all members of the Board committees are independent directors. These chairs shape the agenda and information presented to their committees. Oversight of critical issues within these committees is owned by the independent directors. All directors have full access to all members of management and all employees on a confidential basis. The full Board of Directors oversees the various risks to the Company, delegating to the various committees specific responsibilities. The Audit Committee reviews our Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) Program on a regular basis, and the Board of Directors regularly reviews reports from management and the Audit Committee regarding the ERM Program. The Audit Committee meets regularly with members of management in executive session, as well as separately with each of the General Counsel, the Senior Vice President of Internal Audit Services and representatives of our independent registered public accounting firm. The Compensation and Benefits Committee oversees our succession planning and compensation policies and practices, including reviewing our incentive and equity-based compensation plans and benefits plans. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees corporate governance, including recommending Board and committee nominations and the Corporate Governance Guidelines and determining director independence, as well as overseeing the Company s public policy priorities, political engagement strategy and lobbying activities. The Government Affairs team manages the Company s lobbying activities and reports directly to the President and Chief Executive Officer, with oversight from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. While the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee provides oversight, our Government Affairs Team is responsible for the activities, positions and daily decision-making consistent with this oversight. The Board has delegated authority and responsibility for state and local campaign contributions to the President and Chief Executive Officer, subject to the provisions of the Company s Code of Conduct and any other applicable Company policies. Procedurally, corporate political spending plans and decisions are reviewed and approved by the President and Chief Executive Officer. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee receives an annual report from the Government Affairs team on the Company s political engagement strategy, including lobbying activities and expenditures made during the past year and the framework for the coming year. The Board of Directors receives quarterly updates on regulatory activities and policy priorities and regular updates on significant policy issues facing the Company. Charter Communications | 16 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Risk Assessment An independent consultant was engaged to perform a risk assessment of the Company s compensation programs and did not identify any material risks that might adversely impact the financial health or performance of the Company. After review of the work and conclusion of the independent consultant, the Compensation and Benefits Committee agreed with the conclusion reached by the independent consultant. Proactive Stockholder Engagement Charter values and carefully considers the feedback we receive from our stockholders. In 2025, we engaged in constructive dialogue with our leading institutional stockholders. We reached out to and offered to have discussions with our 15 largest stockholders holding approximately 81% of the shares of our outstanding stock. We also engaged with stockholders who contacted us requesting engagement and have engaged with the stockholder who submitted a proposal for consideration at the 2026 annual stockholders meeting. We engaged with each stockholder who accepted our offer, making our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, our Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and our Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary available. We also engaged with proxy advisory firms. Stockholder feedback, including through direct discussions and prior stockholder votes, is reported to our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regularly throughout the year. We also review our practices against guidelines published by stockholders and proxy advisory firms, among others. The engagements covered a variety of topics including Board composition and governance, executive compensation and the pending transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement by and among the Company, Charter Holdings and Cox Enterprises, Inc. ( Cox Enterprises ), dated May 16, 2025 (the Cox Transactions ). We take seriously the views of our stockholders and took into consideration all the various input we received, and intend to continue our stockholder engagement efforts in 2026. Stockholder Contact with Directors Individuals may communicate directly with members of the Board of Directors or members of the Board s standing committees by writing to the following address: Charter Communications, Inc. 400 Washington Blvd. Stamford, CT 06902 Attn: Corporate Secretary The Corporate Secretary will summarize all correspondence received, subject to the standards below, and periodically forward summaries to the Board of Directors. Members of the Board may at any time request copies of any such correspondence. Communications may be addressed to the attention of the Board of Directors, a standing committee of the Board of Directors, or any individual member of the Board of Directors. Communication that is primarily commercial in nature, relates to an improper or irrelevant topic, or requires investigation to verify its content may not be forwarded. Communications including substantive accounting matters will be forwarded to the Chair of the Audit Committee. 2025 Director Compensation The non-employee director compensation package for 2025 included an annual retainer of $120,000 in cash or equity as elected by each director. The non-employee director compensation package also included an annual award of $225,000 in restricted stock, except with respect to the Non-Executive Chairman, who received an annual award of $375,000 in restricted stock. In addition to these annual retainers, under the non-employee director compensation package, the Audit Committee chair receives $30,000 per year, the Compensation and Benefits Committee chair receives $25,000 per year, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee chair receives $20,000 per year. Each Audit Committee member (including the chair) receives $30,000 per year, each Compensation and Benefits Committee member (including the chair) receives $25,000 per year, each Finance Committee member receives $20,000 per year and each Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee member (including the chair) receives $20,000 per year. Mr. Winfrey, Charter s President and Chief Executive Officer, is the only current director who was also an employee during 2025. Charter Communications | 17 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The Special Committee director compensation package for 2025 included an annual retainer of $20,000 in cash for each Special Committee member, except the Special Committee chair who receives an annual retainer of $40,000 in cash. In addition to these retainers, under the Special Committee director compensation package, each Special Committee member, other than the Special Committee chair, receives $2,000 for each meeting attended in excess of six meetings, and the Special Committee chair receives $3,000 for each meeting attended in excess of six meetings. The following table sets forth information regarding the compensation paid or issued to those non-employee members of the Board of Directors listed below, as well as to Mr. Rutledge as a non-employee Director Emeritus, for services rendered for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (1) Stock Awards ($) (2) Total ($) W. Lance Conn 232,000 224,713 456,713 Kim C. Goodman 66,000 344,626 410,626 Gregory B. Maffei 13,962 13,962 John D. Markley, Jr. 263,000 224,713 487,713 David Merritt 207,514 224,713 432,227 James E. Meyer 43,438 43,438 Steven A. Miron 25,000 344,626 369,626 Balan Nair 344,626 344,626 Michael A. Newhouse 160,000 224,713 384,713 Martin E. Patterson 110,685 224,713 335,398 Mauricio Ramos 45,000 344,626 389,626 Thomas M. Rutledge (Director Emeritus) 344,626 344,626 Carolyn J. Slaski 224,589 224,713 449,302 J. David Wargo 100,308 224,713 325,021 Eric L. Zinterhofer 65,000 494,763 559,763 (1) Cash compensation to the directors, other than Special Committee compensation, is paid in advance on a quarterly basis. Special Committee cash compensation is paid in arrears on a quarterly basis. In addition to the annual retainer, Mr. Conn received payments for his service as the Compensation and Benefits Committee chair, as a member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee and as a member of the Finance Committee. Ms. Goodman elected to receive her annual retainer in equity for 2025 and she received payments for her service as a member of the Audit Committee. Former director Mr. Maffei did not receive an annual retainer in 2025 as he had elected to receive his annual retainer in equity, but he did receive prorated payments for his service as a member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee and as a member of the Finance Committee. In addition to the annual retainer, Mr. Markley received payments for his service on the Audit Committee, and as chair and as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. In addition to the annual retainer, former director Mr. Merritt received prorated payments for his service as chair of the Audit Committee through April 22, 2025, and payments for his service as a member of the Audit Committee and for his service on the Finance Committee. Former director Mr. Meyer received a prorated payment of his annual retainer and a prorated payment for his service as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Miron elected to receive his annual retainer in equity for 2025 and he received payments for his service on the Compensation and Benefits Committee. Mr. Nair elected to receive his annual retainer in equity for 2025 and did not serve on any committees during 2025. In addition to the annual retainer, Mr. Newhouse received payments for his service as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and as a member of the Finance Committee. Commencing April 22, 2025, Mr. Patterson received a prorated annual retainer payment and prorated payments for his service as a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and as a member of the Finance Committee. Mr. Ramos elected to receive his annual retainer in equity for 2025 and he received payments for his service as a member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Rutledge elected to receive his annual director emeritus retainer in equity for 2025. In addition to the annual retainer, Ms. Slaski received prorated payments for her service as chair of the Audit Committee commencing April 22, 2025, and payments for her service as a member of the Audit Committee. Commencing April 22, 2025, Mr. Wargo received a prorated annual retainer payment and a prorated payment for his service as a member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee. Mr. Zinterhofer elected to receive his annual retainer in equity for 2025 and he Charter Communications | 18 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS received payments for his service as a member of the Compensation and Benefits Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Finance Committee. For their service on the Special Committee, Mses. Goodman and Slaski and Messrs. Conn, Markley (as chair) and Merritt each received an annual retainer and payments for each Special Committee meeting attended in excess of six meetings. (2) Represents the grant date fair value of restricted stock grants for directors, which were granted on April 22, 2025 and vest on the date of the Company s annual meeting of stockholders in 2026. Amounts include the annual equity retainer granted to all directors, and Mr. Rutledge as director emeritus, with a grant date fair value of $224,713 (and $374,850 for Mr. Zinterhofer as the Non-Executive Chairman). For Ms. Goodman and Messrs. Miron, Nair, Ramos and Zinterhofer, and Mr. Rutledge as director emeritus, amounts also include the annual retainer that they elected to receive in the form of equity and which had a grant date fair value of $119,913. The grant date fair value amount was calculated in accordance with accounting guidance related to share-based payment transactions. For more information, see Tax and Accounting under Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Charter Communications | 19 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Officers Our executive officers for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, listed below, are elected by the Board of Directors annually, and each serves at the pleasure of the Board of Directors or until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Executive Officers Position Christopher L. Winfrey President and Chief Executive Officer Richard J. DiGeronimo President, Product and Technology Jessica M. Fischer Chief Financial Officer Jamal H. Haughton Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Kevin D. Howard Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller R. Adam Ray Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer Information regarding our executive officers, other than Mr. Winfrey who also serves as a director, is set forth below. Information regarding our other senior company leaders is available on the Investors section of our website at ir.charter.com. Richard J. DiGeronimo President, Product and Technology Age: 48 Mr. DiGeronimo has been President, Product and Technology of the Company since December 2022. Mr. DiGeronimo oversees Charter s product organizations, software development IT, connectivity technology, network operations, business development, Spectrum Reach, and programming acquisition. Mr. DiGeronimo joined Charter in 2008 as Vice President of Product Management and has served in several leadership roles, including Senior Vice President of Product and Strategy, Executive Vice President of Product and Strategy, Executive Vice President, Chief Product Officer, and he was appointed Chief Product and Technology Officer in 2019. Mr. DiGeronimo joined Charter from Level 3 Communications, where he served as Vice President and General Manager of the Cable Markets Group. He also held leadership roles in product management and corporate finance over his eight years at Level 3. Mr. DiGeronimo started his career at Bear Stearns where he focused on technology investment banking. Mr. DiGeronimo was named Women in Cable Telecommunications (WICT) Rocky Mountain Mentor of the Year in 2015 and serves on the board of directors and as event co-chair of Adaptive Spirit, the primary fundraiser for the United States Paralympics Ski and Snowboard Teams. He received a BBA from the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan where he graduated with High Distinction. Jessica M. Fischer Chief Financial Officer Age: 40 Ms. Fischer was named Chief Financial Officer of Charter in October 2021. Ms. Fischer oversees Accounting, Finance, Tax and Risk Management, Procurement, Investor Relations, Internal Audit, Business Intelligence and Corporate Planning. Additionally, she manages Charter s equity and capital markets strategy and execution, as well as M A and investing activity. Ms. Fischer most recently served as Executive Vice President, Finance and joined Charter as Deputy Treasurer in 2017. Before joining Charter, she was a partner in the National Tax Department at EY where she advised clients on the tax structuring and implementation of partnership transactions primarily in the media and telecommunications space, including advising Charter on its transactions with Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks in 2016. She is a graduate of Washington University in St. Louis, where she earned a B.S. in business administration in accounting and managerial economics, and a Master of Science in business administration with a concentration in accounting. Charter Communications | 20 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Jamal H. Haughton Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Age: 51 Mr. Haughton joined Charter as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in 2023. Mr. Haughton serves as Charter s chief legal officer and oversees all legal functions across a broad range of disciplines including corporate, commercial, transactional, litigation, product, and programming, as well as regulatory legal matters. Mr. Haughton joined Charter from Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. (MSG Entertainment), where he served as the Company s Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, working closely with executive leadership to support MSG Entertainment s long-term direction and growth. Prior to MSG Entertainment, Mr. Haughton served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel at Samsung Electronics America, Inc. He served as Samsung s chief legal officer for the U.S. and was responsible for providing counsel to the CEO and senior leadership on all legal matters affecting Samsung and its subsidiaries. Mr. Haughton spent 10 years at Cablevision Systems Corporation in roles of increasing responsibility. In his last role at Cablevision as Senior Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary, Mr. Haughton provided ongoing legal counsel to the Board of Directors and senior executive management on corporate governance, public company reporting, corporate finance and major strategic company-wide corporate transactions, including Cablevision s sale to Altice USA in 2016. Mr. Haughton began his legal career in the New York office of Cravath, Swaine Moore LLP, where he spent seven years in the firm s Corporate Practice where he specialized in domestic and cross-border mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance, and securities law matters. Mr. Haughton has been recognized with several industry honors including Chambers Global Top 100 GC Influencers (2019). Mr. Haughton received his J.D. from Yale Law School and his B.A. from the University of Michigan. Kevin D. Howard Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller Age: 56 Mr. Howard is Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller at Charter. He joined Charter in 2002 as Director of Financial Reporting and was promoted to Chief Accounting Officer and Controller in 2006. He also served as Interim Chief Financial Officer from August 1, 2010, through October 31, 2010. Mr. Howard is responsible for Charter s operational and technical accounting, taxes, financial reporting, payables and enterprise resource planning operations. Mr. Howard joined Charter from Arthur Andersen LLP, where he served as an auditor in the audit division for nearly a decade. He is a certified public accountant and a certified managerial accountant. He received a B.S. in finance and economics from the University of Missouri-Columbia. R. Adam Ray Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer Age: 50 Mr. Ray is Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer at Charter. He leads Spectrum s residential and commercial sales and marketing efforts which includes the Company s marketing, residential sales, Spectrum Business and Spectrum Community Solutions organizations, as well as operations business planning. Previously, Mr. Ray served as Executive Vice President, Sales Operations and Planning, and held a series of increasingly senior leadership positions in residential sales and Field Operations, including leading the Florida Regional operations for nearly three years. Additionally, he oversaw the Community Solutions team serving multifamily properties, off-campus student housing, senior residences, RV parks and marinas. Prior to that he served as Regional Vice President of Field Operations for the Florida Region, Group Vice President of Residential Direct Sales, and earlier in his career at Charter served as Senior Director, Sales Operations in Los Angeles and Director of Sales Operations in Tennessee. In 2005, Mr. Ray joined Charter from Comcast, where he spent four years as a sales leader in Knoxville, Tennessee. In recognition of his industry leadership, Mr. Ray has appeared multiple times on the Cablefax 100 list which honors the most influential executives in the media, cable and broadband industry. Mr. Ray received a B.A. in biology from Maryville College, a master s degree from Austin Peay State University, and an MBA from the University of Tennessee-Knoxville. In addition, he is a graduate of the Cable Executive Management program at Harvard Business School. Charter Communications | 21 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During 2025, Messrs. Conn, Miron, Ramos and Zinterhofer served on the Compensation and Benefits Committee for the entire year. Former director Mr. Maffei served on the Compensation and Benefits Committee through April 22, 2025 and Mr. Wargo was appointed to the Compensation and Benefits Committee as of April 22, 2025. None of the members of the Compensation and Benefits Committee was an officer or employee of Charter or any of its subsidiaries. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions below for information on related party transactions. During 2025: (1) none of Charter s executive officers served on the compensation committee of any other company that has an executive officer currently serving on Charter s Board of Directors or Compensation and Benefits Committee; and (2) none of Charter s executive officers served as a director of another entity in circumstances where an executive officer of that entity served on the Compensation and Benefits Committee of Charter s Board of Directors. Report of the Compensation and Benefits Committee The following report does not constitute soliciting materials and is not considered filed or incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, unless we specifically state otherwise. The Compensation and Benefits Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis set forth below including the accompanying tables and recommended to the board of directors that it be included in this proxy statement. W. LANCE CONN, Chair STEVEN A. MIRON MAURICIO RAMOS J. DAVID WARGO ERIC L. ZINTERHOFER Charter Communications | 22 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis ( CD A ) describes important elements of our executive compensation program and compensation decisions for our named executive officers ( NEOs ) in fiscal year 2025. The Compensation and Benefits Committee of our Board of Directors (the Committee ), working with management and with input from its independent compensation consultant, oversees these programs and determines compensation for our NEOs. This CD A should be read together with the compensation tables and related disclosures set forth elsewhere in this proxy statement. Fiscal Year 2025 Named Executive Officers Christopher L. Winfrey, President and Chief Executive Officer Richard J. DiGeronimo, President, Product Technology Jessica M. Fischer, Chief Financial Officer Jamal H. Haughton, EVP, General Counsel Corporate Secretary R. Adam Ray, EVP, Chief Commercial Officer Executive Summary Fiscal 2025 Operational and Financial Highlights During 2025, Charter continued to execute against its strategic objectives and position the company for future growth by offering the fastest internet speeds, a converged mobile offering, and a high-quality video product that includes key streaming services all while saving customers significant money when compared to other service providers. Key operational achievements over the course of the year, which are reflective of the successful execution of our long-term growth strategy, included the following: Grew mobile lines by 1.9 million with 19% of Internet customers now having Spectrum Mobile, up from 16% in 2024. Despite an overall reduction in Internet customers over 2025, the increased convergence between mobile and wireline connectivity contributed to 4.1% growth in total connectivity revenue. Expanded our footprint by 1.5 million new passings, including 483,000 new subsidized rural passings. Within Charter s subsidized rural footprint internet connectivity growth was positive with a total of 186,000 net customer additions. Enhanced our video product with the launch of a digital marketplace for customers to manage their app subscriptions (including adding or upgrading streaming services) and with now over $125 in monthly streaming app value included in Spectrum TV Select Plus. Continued Charter s customer commitment initiative, which was launched in September 2024 along with new pricing and packaging. The marketing and customer service improvements delivered through this initiative have increased yields on sales opportunities, generated more products sold and mobile lines added per connect, increased gig attach rates, and improved video sell-in. These achievements are the product of Charter s ongoing, multi-year efforts to drive customer growth by evolving our network, expanding our footprint, and continuously improving the quality of both our customer service as well as the connectivity products and services offered to customers. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, Charter also achieved the following financial performance milestones: Adjusted EBITDA grew by 0.6% to $22.7 billion (1) Generated free cash flow of $5.0 billion (1) Charter also purchased approximately 17.1 million shares of Charter Class A common stock and Charter Holdings common units for approximately $5.4 billion in 2025 at an average price per share of $316.80. (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Appendix A. Charter Communications | 23 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The graph below tracks Charter s 5-year total shareholder return (TSR) against the S P 500 and Primary Peer Group companies. See Compensation Peer Groups section below for further details on Charter s Primary and Secondary Peer Groups. COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* Among Charter Communications, Inc., the S P 500 Index, and a Peer Group *$100 invested on 12/31/20 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. Copyright 2026 Standard Poor s, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. Talent Planning Each year, the Committee works closely with the CEO, management and the Committee s consultants in talent planning and managing executive transitions for the Company s executive officers. The work conducted includes promoting or hiring executives in connection with the expansion and transition of responsibilities, conducting talent development processes to support such activity, and crafting the proper compensation packages and incentives. The Committee believes this process has been effective at progressing Charter s highly experienced management team and maintaining the focus to deliver on Charter s strategies for growth and value creation. There were no promotions or role changes among the NEOs in 2025 and, while the Company entered into amended employment agreements with Messrs. Winfrey and DiGeronimo and Ms. Fischer over the course of the year, there were no associated changes to their roles in connection with such agreements. Compensation Structure Pay for Performance Alignment Charter structures its NEO compensation packages to provide a total opportunity that is competitive against the median of Charter s peer group, create a strong linkage between the actual compensation earned by our NEOs and Company performance, and reward both growth-oriented annual operating results as well as sustainable long-term shareholder returns. Charter Communications | 24 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS The following table summarizes the performance-focused elements of Charter s incentive designs in 2025 and the resulting alignment between compensation realized by our NEOs and results achieved by the Company. Summary of 2025 Performance-Oriented Incentive Program Designs Annual Incentive Plan Annual cash incentive with target opportunities based on a percentage of base salary and representing a meaningful portion of the overall cash compensation mix all NEOs participated in the annual incentive plan with target bonus opportunities ranging from 150% to 300% of base salary, tying a substantial portion of cash compensation to the achievement of financial results and strategic business objectives. Threshold bonus payout level set at 0% of target and maximum bonus payout level set at 150% of target the payout range balances downside and upside earnings potential to create a strong incentive for the achievement of sustainable financial and operational performance, delivered through the execution of Charter s growth-oriented strategy. Formulaic plan design with financial metrics that are key indicators of Charter s success and measures of long-term value creation in a subscription business metrics reward top and bottom-line performance and the achievement of key strategic objectives for the business. For all NEOs, the metrics were total revenue (excluding mobile device related revenue) weighted at 15%, total Adjusted EBITDA weighted at 55%, and Strategic Objectives weighted at 30%. For 2025, Strategic Objectives related to capital and free cash flow management and the execution of several key Charter initiatives, including: network evolution and expansion, customer commitment and reliability, inclusion of direct-to-consumer (DTC) applications, development of AI tools, and new revenue stream development. Challenging, meaningful performance objectives performance levels are tied to meaningful growth, motivate strong revenue and Adjusted EBITDA results, and balance reward levels with the relative difficulty of achieving given levels of performance. Annual Long-Term Incentive Plan Target long-term incentive opportunities are set as a fixed dollar value and represent the majority of the pay mix for NEO total compensation packages subject to their participation in the 5-Year Performance-Based Equity Program (the 2023 Performance Equity Program described further below), all NEOs are eligible to participate in the annual long-term incentive plan, which awards annual equity grants to participants in January of each year. With the exception of Mr. Haughton who joined the Company in November 2023, all of the NEOs participated in the 2023 Performance Equity Program and, for the 2025 annual long-term incentive plan, their grants under the plan are based on the difference between their current target long-term incentive opportunity and their target opportunity as of the grant date for the 2023 Performance Equity Program (i.e., 2023 Performance Equity Program participants did not receive their full target long-term incentive opportunity for 2025). The full annual long-term incentive targets for the NEOs represent between 63% to 75% of total compensation. Award mix that emphasizes stock price appreciation grants are generally delivered in a mix of 90% stock options and 10% RSUs, emphasizing the performance-based nature of long-term awards and to reflect the influence of the leadership roles the NEOs hold within Charter. Grants with multi-year time-based vesting period grants 100% vest on the third anniversary of the grant date (3-year cliff vesting), ensuring that performance achievement and value delivered under the program are tied to a long-term time horizon. 5-Year Performance-Based Equity Program (the 2023 Performance Equity Program ) Special equity program providing multiple years of long-term incentive value in a single grant, aligning with multi-year strategic business initiatives all of the NEOs except for Mr. Haughton participated in the 2023 Performance Equity Program, with awards made to program participants in February 2023 (Mr. Haughton joined in November 2023 after the grants were made and therefore participates only in the annual long-term incentive plan). Under the program, each participant received a target award value equal to 5x their annual target long-term incentive opportunity, less value already delivered through the annual long-term incentive plan in January of that year. By combining equity award value that would ordinarily be granted in future years into a single grant with vesting tied to continued service and stock price achievement, the 2023 Performance Equity Program creates additional incentive for participants to drive sustained stock Charter Communications | 25 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS price growth. In particular, the size and length of the program aligns with Charter s multi-year growth initiatives, including network expansion in both rural and existing markets and network evolution to provide converged gigabit connectivity across Charter s entire footprint, the successful execution of which are key drivers of stock price growth. The 2023 Performance Equity Program is comparable in design to the program Charter adopted in 2016, which was also structured to incentivize management through a multi-year, transformational period, specifically the integration of multiple businesses following the Transactions completed in that year. Option-heavy award mix that mirrors the annual long-term incentive plan and emphasizes stock price appreciation all participants received grants such that, of the total number of options and units granted, 90% of such total was stock options and 10% was RSUs. This is comparable to the mix for the annual long-term incentive plan (which uses a mix of 100% stock options for the CEO and 90% stock options and 10% RSUs for the other NEOs, based on the allocation of value between the different vehicles versus the overall number of options and units granted) and ties the substantial majority of value realized to stock price appreciation. Time-based vesting period of 3 to 5 years, longer than the 3-year cliff vesting schedule used in the annual long-term incentive plan and aligning with the 5-year period over which the program is intended to deliver value grants are subject to time-based vesting criteria with equal components of the award becoming eligible to vest (subject to additional performance criteria) on each of the third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the grant date. This vesting structure provides a longer time horizon over which awards are earned relative to the annual long-term incentive plan, consistent with the multiple years of award value delivered under the program. Performance-based vesting criteria that tie vesting to the achievement of targeted levels of stock price appreciation in addition to time-based vesting criteria, awards under the 2023 Performance Equity Program require the achievement of significant increases to Charter s stock price in order to vest, with each tranche of stock options and RSUs having an associated stock price hurdle that must be achieved in order for that tranche to vest. There are a total of six price hurdles ranging from $507 to $1,000 (with the minimum price hurdle for the CEO being higher at $564) and representing between 28% to 152% stock price growth relative to the February 10, 2023 closing stock price of $396.94 (the reference point used by the Committee and the Board when approving performance objectives for the program). These levels of price appreciation correspond to 5-year compound annual growth rates between 5% and 20%, and if a price hurdle is not achieved by the sixth anniversary of the grant date then the associated stock options and RSUs will be forfeited. The specific time and performance-vesting requirements of stock options and RSUs under the 2023 Performance Equity Program, along with other relevant terms and conditions of these awards, are described further in the Long-Term Incentives section of this CD A. No accelerated vesting upon any involuntary termination or voluntary resignation occurring outside of a change in control accelerated vesting is only provided in circumstances where the associated price hurdle has been achieved and either (i) the termination is due to death or disability, or (ii) an involuntary termination without cause or voluntary resignation for good reason in connection with a change in control. This treatment is an important shareholder protection mechanism and ensures that participants only recognize value from the program in connection with the achievement of stock price appreciation over a multi-year time horizon. Long-Term Incentive Program Aligns Pay and Performance Since the completion of the Transactions in May 2016, Charter has applied a consistent approach to incentive design. Specifically, Charter s philosophy has been to deliver the largest portion of NEO compensation in the form of long-term incentives tied to stock price appreciation, i.e., stock options. These long-term awards have either been delivered through annual grants of time-vested awards or as part of special, multi-year performance-based equity programs. In each case, awards utilize an option-heavy mix, and the multi-year programs further incentivize price appreciation by granting multiple years of value up-front and tying such value to additional stock price hurdle vesting requirements. Charter Communications | 26 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS From May 2016, Charter achieved a period of significant stock price growth, increasing 261% from $227.41 (the closing price of Charter s Class A common stock on May 18, 2016) to a high of $821.01 (the closing stock price on September 2, 2021). Following this period of growth, the stock price fell by 75% to $208.75 (the closing stock price on December 31, 2025). This multi-year decline in stock price was driven by a combination of factors, including a macroeconomic environment where lower residential move volumes limited new sales opportunities and an industry environment with increased competition from cell phone internet providers and fiber overbuilders. Charter s consistent approach to long-term incentive design over this period created a strong linkage between the potential compensation realizable by NEOs and stock price performance. In particular, all of Charter s outstanding stock option awards granted since May 2016 are underwater, and the weighted average strike price of such options held by the NEOs ($370.69) is 78% higher than the December 31, 2025 closing stock price. In December 2025 along with regular grants under the 2026 annual equity program that are described in the Compensation Actions in 2026 section below the Committee also approved special one-time equity grants for the NEOs to be granted in 2026 contingent upon the close of the Cox Transactions. At the closing date, the NEOs will receive equity awards with a target grant value equal to 1.5 times their annual long-term incentive target and delivered in a mix of 50% time-vested stock options and 50% time-vested RSUs. The stock options will vest entirely on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant, half of the RSUs will vest on the second anniversary of the date of grant, and the remaining half of the RSUs will vest on the fourth anniversary of the date of grant. The Committee approved these awards given the critical nature of the integration work that will need to occur following the close of the Cox Transactions and to ensure that the NEOs were appropriately incentivized to successfully execute on such integration objectives. The special equity grants continued to be designed consistent with the Committee s historical pay philosophy in particular delivering half of the award value in stock options and are necessary to appropriately reward NEOs for driving stock price growth post-transaction. Additional discussion of the alignment between Charter s executive pay program and company performance (through the end of the 2025 fiscal year) is provided in the Pay Versus Performance disclosure on page 77 of this proxy statement. Mix of Pay Charter s compensation structure for the NEOs results in an overall mix of pay that is highly performance-based, particularly with respect to the proportion of compensation tied to stock price appreciation via stock options and without taking into account the performance-based incentives derived from previously vested equity awards. In measuring the compensation mix granted in 2025 to the CEO and other NEOs, Charter considers both the value delivered in 2025 (as disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table) plus an annualized portion of the grant value of time and performance-based equity awards granted in 2023, with such value annualized over the 5-year period through the last time-based vesting date of the 2023 Performance Equity Program. Based on these combined values, the 2025 pay mix for Charter s CEO and other NEOs was as follows: Charter Communications | 27 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Actions in 2025 Over the course of the year, the Committee undertook compensation actions for the NEOs within the framework of the Committee s compensation philosophy and in accordance with the section below regarding the process for determining executive compensation. Key elements of the Committee s process include comparing compensation levels against industry and size-appropriate peer group companies, designing pay for performance incentive programs, linking a significant majority of pay to sustained stock price growth, and ensuring that outstanding incentive value appropriately motivates and retains NEOs. Through this approach, the Committee entered into or amended employment agreements, determined any appropriate changes to NEO compensation levels, and established annual and long-term incentive designs for the 2025 fiscal year. The Committee s actions for 2025 included the following: 1. Renewed the employment agreement with Mr. Winfrey in connection with his continued service as President Chief Executive Officer. In December 2025, the Committee approved renewing the employment agreement with Mr. Winfrey, increasing his base salary from $1,700,000 to $2,500,000, his annual bonus opportunity from 250% of base salary to 300% of base salary, and his long-term incentive opportunity from $17.0 million to $23.0 million as of the December 1, 2025 effective date of the amended agreement. The agreement has an initial term through December 1, 2028, and Mr. Winfrey s resulting annual compensation package is detailed as follows: Pay Element Prior New Base Salary $1,700,000 $2,500,000* Annual Incentive 250% of base salary 300% of base salary* Long-Term Incentive $17.0 million $23.0 million** * Effective as of the December 1, 2025 effective date of the new employment agreement. ** For the annual equity grant in January 2026, Mr. Winfrey will be entitled to an equity award of $6.0 million, which represents the increase in his target long-term incentive opportunity, to be delivered 100% in stock options (versus the mix of 90% stock options and 10% RSUs provided to the other NEOs). 2. Renewed the employment agreement with Mr. DiGeronimo in connection with his continued service as President, Product Technology. In July 2025, the Committee approved renewing the employment agreement with Mr. DiGeronimo, increasing his base salary from $1,450,000 to $1,500,000, his annual bonus opportunity from 200% of base salary to 225% of base salary, and his long-term incentive opportunity from $10.0 million to $11.75 million as of the August 1, 2025 effective date of the amended agreement. In connection with the increase to Mr. DiGeronimo s long-term incentive opportunity, the Committee also approved an off-cycle equity award of $875,000, equal to 50% of the increase in his target long-term incentive opportunity, with an August 1, 2025 grant date. The award was delivered in a mix of 90% stock options and 10% RSUs, vests on the third anniversary of the grant date, and provides a 10-year term to exercise stock options. The number of stock options granted equals the portion of the grant value allocated to stock options divided by the Black-Scholes value per stock option at grant, and the number of RSUs granted equals the portion of the grant value allocated to RSUs divided by the grant price (the average of the high and low prices of Charter common stock on the date of grant). The agreement has an initial term through August 1, 2027, and Mr. DiGeronimo s resulting annual compensation package is detailed as follows: Pay Element Prior New Base Salary $1,450,000 $1,500,000* Annual Incentive 200% of base salary 225% of base salary* Long-Term Incentive $10.0 million $11.75 million** * Effective as of the August 1, 2025 effective date of the new employment agreement. ** In 2026, Mr. DiGeronimo will be entitled to awards under the annual equity program equal to the difference in his new target long-term incentive opportunity and the prior target long-term incentive opportunity used for purposes of determining his award under the 2023 Performance Equity Program. 3. Renewed the employment agreement with Ms. Fischer in connection with her continued service as Chief Financial Officer. In December 2024, the Committee approved renewing the employment agreement with Ms. Fischer, increasing her base salary from $800,000 to $925,000, her annual bonus opportunity from 150% of base salary to 175% of base salary, and her long-term incentive opportunity from $5.5 million to $7.5 million as of the February 5, 2025 effective date of the amended agreement. In connection with the increase to Ms. Fischer s long-term incentive opportunity, the Committee also approved Charter Communications | 28 | 2026 Proxy Statement TABLE OF CONTENTS an off-cycle equity award of $2,000,000, equal to the increase in her target long-term incentive opportunity, with a February 5, 2025 grant date. The award was delivered in a mix of 90% stock options and 10% RSUs, vests on the third anniversary of the grant date, and provides a 10-year term to exercise stock options. The number of stock options granted equals the portion of the grant value allocated to stock options divided by the Black-Scholes value per stock option at grant, and the number of RSUs granted equals the portion of the grant value allocated to RSUs divided by the grant price (the average of the high and low prices of Charter common stock on the date of grant). The agreement has an initial term through February 5, 2027, and Ms. Fischer s resulting annual compensation package is detailed as follows: Pay Element Prior New Base Salary $800,000 $925,000* Annual Incentive 150% of base salary 175% of base salary* Long-Term Incentive $5.5 million $7.5 million** * Effective as of the February 5, 2025 effective date of the new employment agreement. ** In 2026, Ms. Fischer will be entitled to awards under the annual equity program equal to the difference in her new target long-term incentive opportunity and the prior target long-term incentive opportunity used for purposes of determining her award under the 2023 Performance Equity Program. 4. Established the 2025 annual incentive plan. Under Charter s 2025 annual incentive plan design, all NEOs were eligible to earn a cash incentive ranging from 0% to 150% of their target annual incentive opportunity, which is set as a percentage of their annual base salary. Actual performance achievement against the plan s financial metrics and strategic objectiv