=== CHTR_2026-01-30.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. under Risk Factors and in Part II. Item 7. under the heading, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this annual report. Many of the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report may be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as believe, future, expect, anticipate, should, planned, will, may, intend, estimated, aim, on track, target, opportunity, tentative, positioning, designed, create, predict, project, initiatives, seek, would, could, continue, ongoing, upside, increases, grow, focused on and potential, among others. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements we make in this annual report are set forth in this annual report and in other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the SEC, and include, but are not limited to: our ability to sustain and grow revenues and cash flow from operations by offering Internet, mobile, video, voice, advertising and other services to residential and commercial customers, to adequately meet the customer experience demands in our service areas and to maintain and grow our customer base, particularly in the face of increasingly aggressive competition, the need for innovation and the related capital expenditures; the impact of competition from other market participants, including but not limited to incumbent telephone companies, direct broadcast satellite ("DBS") operators, wireless broadband and telephone providers, digital subscriber line ( DSL ) providers, fiber to the home providers and providers of video content over broadband Internet connections; general business conditions, unemployment levels and the level of activity in the housing sector and economic uncertainty or downturn; our ability to develop and deploy new products and technologies including consumer services and service platforms; any events that disrupt our networks, information systems or properties and impair our operating activities or our reputation; the effects of governmental regulation on our business including subsidies to consumers, subsidies and incentives for competitors, costs, disruptions and possible limitations on operating flexibility related to, and our ability to comply with, regulatory conditions applicable to us; our ability to procure necessary services and equipment from our vendors in a timely manner and at reasonable costs including in connection with our network evolution and rural construction initiatives; our ability to obtain programming at reasonable prices or to raise prices to offset, in whole or in part, the effects of higher programming costs (including retransmission consents and distribution requirements); the ability to hire and retain key personnel; the availability and access, in general, of funds to meet our debt obligations prior to or when they become due and to fund our operations and necessary capital expenditures, either through (i) cash on hand, (ii) free cash flow, or (iii) access to the capital or credit markets; our ability to comply with all covenants in our indentures and credit facilities, any violation of which, if not cured in a timely manner, could trigger a default of our other obligations under cross-default provisions; our ability to satisfy the conditions to consummate the Liberty Broadband Combination and/or the Cox Transactions and/or to consummate the Liberty Broadband Combination and/or the Cox Transactions in a timely manner or at all; the risks related to us being restricted in the operation of our business while the Liberty Broadband Merger Agreement and the Cox Communications Transaction Agreement are in effect; other risks related to the Liberty Broadband Combination as described in the definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus with respect to the Liberty Broadband Combination, filed by Charter on January 22, 2025, including the sections entitled Risk Factors and Where You Can Find More Information included therein; and other risks related to the Cox Transactions as described in the definitive proxy statement with respect to the Cox Transactions, filed by Charter on July 2, 2025, including the sections entitled Risk Factors and Where You Can Find More Information included therein. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. We are under no duty or obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this annual report. ii PART I Item 1. Business. Introduction We are a leading broadband connectivity company with services available to 58 million homes and small to large businesses across 41 states through our Spectrum brand. Founded in 1993, we have evolved from providing cable TV to streaming, and from high-speed Internet to a converged broadband, WiFi and mobile experience. Over the Spectrum Fiber Broadband Network and supported by our 100% U.S.-based employees, we offer Seamless Connectivity and Entertainment with Spectrum Internet , Mobile, TV and Voice products. Our strategy is focused on utilizing our fiber-powered network to deliver high-quality, competitively priced products, with outstanding service, allowing us to increase both the number of customers we serve over our network and the number of products we sell to each customer. This combination also reduces the number of service transactions we perform per relationship, yielding higher customer satisfaction and lower customer churn, which results in lower costs to acquire and serve customers and drives greater profitability. Products We offer Spectrum Internet products with speeds up to 1 gigabits per second ( Gbps ) across our entire footprint and multi-gigabit speeds in a portion of our footprint. We continue to upgrade our connectivity network, and we will offer symmetrical and multi-gigabit Internet speeds across our entire footprint in the next several years. Advanced WiFi, a managed WiFi service that provides customers an optimized home network while providing greater control of connected devices with enhanced security and privacy, is available to all of our Internet customers. Spectrum Mobile is available to all new and existing Spectrum Internet customers and offers plans that include 5G access, do not require contracts and include taxes and fees in the price. We continue to innovate our video product and have transformed all of our affiliation agreements with major programmers. These new agreements give us greater overall packaging flexibility and the ability to include the ad-supported versions of key programmer streaming applications, at no extra cost, within our video packages, along with the ability to upgrade to ad-free versions and to sell those applications to customers a la carte for a seamless entertainment experience. Together with our Xumo Stream Boxes ( Xumo ), our goal is to deliver utility and value for our customers, irrespective of how they want to view content, and better and more stable economics for our programming partners and us. Pricing Packaging and Customer Commitments Our fully deployed fiber-powered network offers ubiquitous and seamless connectivity products. It removes barriers and creates opportunities for customers, in every aspect of their lives. Our brand platform, Life Unlimited , emphasizes the power of our advanced network and cutting-edge connectivity products and services, and our simplified pricing strategy better utilizes our seamless connectivity and entertainment products to offer lower promotional and persistent bundled pricing to drive growth. Additionally, our customer commitments focus on reliable connectivity, transparency, exceptional service and always improving. Through reliable connectivity, we are committed to keeping our customers connected 100% of the time and promptly resolving issues. Transparency at every step means we provide clear and simple pricing and timely service updates, and we take responsibility when things go wrong. Through exceptional service, we provide exceptional customer experiences. And finally, always improving means we act on our customers' feedback to improve our products and customer service. Network Evolution Our network and product evolution plan continues to progress, with a clear path to delivering symmetrical and multi-gig speeds to customers across our footprint, meeting the needs of today and anticipating the growing demand for faster speeds for years to come. We continue to expand the capacity of our fiber-powered network using a number of technologies, including spectrum expansion, initially to 1.2 GHz and then to 1.8 GHz; changing the bandwidth allocation to a "high split" to increase upstream speeds; Distributed Access Architecture ("DAA"); and DOCSIS 4.0 technology. Through this process, which we expect to be largely complete by the end of 2027, we will transform our network to offer much faster Internet speeds. Those faster Internet speeds will be offered in conjunction with our Spectrum Mobile product and 1 Advanced WiFi, providing customers seamless and convenient, ultra-fast converged connectivity in attractively priced packages. Expansion Since inception in the beginning of 2022, we have spent $7.7 billion on our subsidized rural construction initiative and activated approximately 1.3 million passings. Rural footprint builds present strategic network expansion opportunities to deliver service to unserved and underserved passings. Our rural investments allow us to offer a suite of broadband connectivity services, including fixed Internet, WiFi and mobile to unserved areas in states where we currently operate. To accomplish all of this, we have invested in new construction teams and new equipment. These investments will allow us to generate long-term infrastructure-style returns by taking further advantage of our scale efficiencies, network quality and construction capabilities, while offering our high-quality products and services to more homes and businesses. Our principal executive offices are located at 400 Washington Blvd., Stamford, Connecticut 06902. Our telephone number is (203) 905-7801, and we have a website accessible at ir.charter.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments thereto, are available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this annual report. 2 Corporate Entity Structure The chart below sets forth our entity structure and that of our direct and indirect subsidiaries. The chart does not include all of our affiliates and subsidiaries and, in some cases, we have combined separate entities for presentation purposes. The equity ownership percentages shown below for Charter Communications Holdings, LLC ( Charter Holdings ) are approximations. Indebtedness amounts shown below are principal amounts as of December 31, 2025. See Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which also includes the accreted values of the indebtedness described below. 3 Footprint We operate in geographically diverse areas which are managed centrally on a consolidated level. The map below highlights our footprint along with our planned rural expansion over the span of the initiative based on grants awarded as of December 31, 2025. Products and Services We offer our customers subscription-based Internet, mobile, video and voice services, with prices and related charges based on the types of service selected, whether the services are sold as a bundle or on an individual basis, and based on the equipment necessary to receive our services. Bundled services, including some combination of our Internet, mobile, video and/or voice products are available to substantially all of our passings. To better reflect the converged and integrated nature of our business and operations, in the fourth quarter of 2025, we revised our customer relationship statistics to include all mobile customers, including mobile-only customers, and have added information on total connectivity customers, which represent all customers receiving our Internet and/or mobile connectivity services. In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2025, certain reporting policies related to mobile lines were revised to better align with other Charter services. Other minor changes were made to small business Internet customers and mid-market large business primary service units ( PSUs ) to standardize reporting methodologies. Prior periods have been revised accordingly. 4 The following table summarizes our customer statistics for connectivity, Internet, mobile, video and voice as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands except per customer data and footnotes). Approximate as of December 31, 2025 (a) 2024 (a) Customer Relationships (b) Residential 29,609 29,964 Small Business 2,237 2,250 Total Customer Relationships 31,846 32,214 Monthly Residential Revenue per Residential Customer (c) $ 119.05 $ 118.71 Monthly Small Business Revenue per Small Business Customer (d) $ 161.50 $ 161.97 Connectivity Residential 28,563 28,763 Small Business 2,077 2,082 Total Connectivity Customers 30,640 30,845 Internet Residential 27,641 28,034 Small Business 2,039 2,049 Total Internet Customers 29,680 30,083 Mobile Lines (e) Residential 11,370 9,543 Small Business 396 315 Total Mobile Lines 11,766 9,858 Video Residential 12,072 12,327 Small Business 533 565 Total Video Customers 12,605 12,892 Voice Residential 4,832 5,636 Small Business 1,214 1,248 Total Voice Customers 6,046 6,884 Mid-Market Large Business PSUs (f) 357 340 (a) We calculate the aging of customer accounts based on the monthly billing cycle for each account in accordance with our collection policies. On that basis, as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, customers include approximately 82,300 and 102,500 customers, respectively, whose accounts were over 60 days past due, approximately 9,700 and 12,100 customers, respectively, whose accounts were over 90 days past due, and approximately 13,600 and 13,600 customers, respectively, whose accounts were over 120 days past due. (b) Customer relationships include the number of customers that receive one or more levels of service, encompassing Internet, mobile, video and voice services, without regard to which service(s) such customers receive. Customers who reside in residential multiple dwelling units ( MDUs ) and that are billed under bulk contracts are counted based on the number of billed units within each bulk MDU. Total customer relationships exclude mid-market large business customer relationships. (c) Monthly residential revenue per residential customer is calculated as total residential annual revenue divided by twelve divided by average residential customer relationships during the respective year. 5 (d) Monthly small business revenue per small business customer is calculated as total small business annual revenue divided by twelve divided by average small business customer relationships during the respective year. (e) Mobile lines include phones and tablets which require one of our standard rate plans (e.g., "Unlimited" or "By the Gig"). Mobile lines exclude wearables and other devices that do not require standard phone rate plans. (f) Mid-market large business PSUs represent the aggregate number of fiber service offerings counting each separate service offering at each customer location as an individual PSU. Residential Services Connectivity Services We provide our customers with a suite of broadband connectivity services, including fixed Internet, WiFi and mobile, which when bundled together provides our customers with a differentiated converged connectivity experience while saving consumers money. We offer Spectrum Internet products with speeds up to 1 Gbps across our entire footprint and multi-gigabit speeds in a portion of our footprint. We continue to upgrade our connectivity network, and we will offer symmetrical and multi-gigabit Internet speeds across our entire footprint in the next several years. Spectrum Internet bundled with our in-home Advanced WiFi allows multiple people within a single household to stream high definition 4K video content while simultaneously using our Internet service for other purposes including two-way video conferencing, gaming and virtual reality, among other things. Our in-home WiFi product provides our Internet customers with high performance wireless routers and a managed WiFi service to maximize their wireless Internet experience. We offer Advanced WiFi service across all of our footprint along with WiFi 7 routers capable of delivering multi-gigabit speeds wirelessly. With Advanced WiFi, customers enjoy a cloud-optimized WiFi connection and have the ability to view and control their WiFi network through our Spectrum app ( My Spectrum App ). The service enables parental control schedules and Spectrum Security Shield which is automatically enabled and protects all devices in the home using network-based security. In early 2026, we will launch our Invincible WiFi product, a tri-band advanced WiFi 7 router that integrates 5G cellular and battery backup to keep customers seamlessly and fully connected during service disruption or a power outage. Customers also have the option to add Spectrum WiFi extenders to Advanced WiFi and we recently launched WiFi 7 extenders that enable multi-gigabit speeds to reach larger spaces. We also offer the capabilities of the Advanced WiFi service to MDUs as Advanced Community WiFi ( ACW ). With ACW, tenants receive the same visibility and control over their apartment s WiFi networks through the My Spectrum App, while building managers are able to see and manage the entire building s network through a purpose-built property service portal. We also offer Spectrum Ready pre-installed connectivity services to MDUs and single-family communities, which allows customers to set up Spectrum Internet with Advanced WiFi and video services in their home without ordering equipment or scheduling installation through permanent WiFi routers already installed in the property. New residents simply scan a QR code and confirm services through a new or existing Spectrum account. Our Spectrum Mobile service is offered to customers subscribing to our Internet service and uses the customers private WiFi, our Spectrum Mobile network (comprised of 49 million out-of-home WiFi access points across our footprint combined with out-of-home WiFi access points from other networks with which we partner) as well as leveraging the cellular network of Verizon Communications Inc. ("Verizon"). We leverage the Verizon cellular network to provide nationwide coverage including unlimited calls, text and data using Verizon s fourth generation and fifth generation ( 5G ) service including their latest 5G technology. Spectrum Mobile also uses Verizon s international roaming partner network to ensure customers have coverage around the globe. In addition, in July 2025, we entered into a multi-year agreement with T-Mobile US, Inc. ( T-Mobile ) to use their network to deliver mobile services to Spectrum Business customers which is set to launch in 2026. We continue to improve the customer experience and integrate our mobile and fixed Internet products with enhancements such as Spectrum Mobile Speed Boost ( Speed Boost ). Customers are eligible for Speed Boost if they have both Spectrum Mobile and Spectrum Internet, a DOCSIS 3.1 modem and an Advanced WiFi router. When connected on their Spectrum Mobile device through Advanced WiFi service, customers are now experiencing the fastest overall speeds up to 1 Gbps. We provide wireline voice communications services using voice over Internet protocol ( VoIP ) technology to transmit digital voice signals over our network. Our voice services include unlimited local and long distance calling to the United States, Canada, Mexico and Puerto Rico, voicemail, call waiting, caller ID, call forwarding and other features and offers international calling either by the minute, or through packages of minutes per month. We also offer Call Guard, an advanced caller ID and robocall blocking solution, for our residential and small business voice customers. Call Guard reduces customer frustration and 6 improves security by blocking malicious calls while ensuring our customers continue to receive the legitimate automated calls they need from schools or healthcare providers. Video Services We provide our customers with a choice of video programming services on a variety of platforms and through a variety of programming packages with approximately 375 channels available in home and out of home allowing our customers to access the programming they want, when they want it, on any device. We have completed deals with major programmers to deliver better flexibility and greater value to our customers by including seamless entertainment applications with certain of our Spectrum TV packages at no additional cost. In July 2025, we began launching the sale of these seamless entertainment applications to customers on an la carte basis and in October 2025, launched the Spectrum App Store, a digital storefront that helps customers activate, upgrade, buy and manage their streaming applications in one place. We deploy our Xumo stream boxes to new video customers. Xumo combines a live TV experience with access to hundreds of content applications and features unified search and discovery along with a curated content offering based on the customer's interests and subscriptions. Combined with our Spectrum TV app, Xumo is now our preferred go-to-market platform for new video sales. Customers are increasingly accessing their subscription video content through our highly rated Spectrum TV app via mobile devices and connected Internet Protocol ( IP ) devices, such as Xumo, Apple TV, Roku, Vizio, LG and Samsung TV. Access to the Spectrum TV app is included in all Spectrum TV video plans. The Spectrum TV app allows users to stream content across a growing number of platforms as well as access their full TV lineup and watch on demand content. It also supports DVR functionality through our cloud DVR offering. Our video service also includes access to an interactive programming guide with parental controls, video on demand ( VOD ) and pay-per-view services. VOD service allows customers to select from approximately 100,000 titles at any time. VOD programming options may be accessed at no additional cost if the content is associated with a customer s linear subscription, or for a fee on a transactional basis. VOD services are also offered on a subscription basis, included in a digital tier premium channel subscription, or for a monthly fee. Pay-per-view channels allow customers with a set-top box to pay on a per-event basis to view a single showing of a one-time special sporting event, music concert, or similar event on a commercial-free basis. We also offer digital video recorder ( DVR ) service that enables customers to digitally record programming and to pause and rewind live programming. Our cloud DVR service allows customers to schedule, record and watch their favorite programming anytime from the Spectrum TV app as well as SpectrumTV.com. Commercial Services We offer scalable broadband communications solutions for businesses and carrier organizations of all sizes, selling Internet access, data networking, fiber connectivity to cellular towers and office buildings, video entertainment services and business telephone services. Small Business Spectrum Business offers Internet, mobile, video and voice services to small businesses over our fiber-powered network. We also offer Advanced WiFi service to small businesses, which leverages the residential platform features, including Security Shield, with features specific to businesses such as a guest network through a service set identifier ( SSID ). Spectrum Business includes a full range of video programming and offers Internet speeds up to 1 Gbps across our entire footprint. Spectrum Business also includes a set of business services including static IP and business WiFi, e-mail and security, and voice services through either a traditional voice offering or hosted voice solution. Spectrum Business Connect is a small business communications solution that includes Spectrum Internet, voice and complementary mobility features allowing our customers remote and office employees to stay more easily connected regardless of their location. We also offer Wireless Internet Backup to our small business customers which is designed to enhance and protect Internet service for small businesses in the event of a network disruption. Mid-Market Large Business Spectrum Business for mid-market large businesses offers tailored connectivity, communications and managed service solutions over a high-capacity last-mile network with speeds up to 100 Gbps to large businesses and government entities (local, state and federal), in addition to wholesale services to mobile and wireline carriers. The Spectrum Business product portfolio 7 for mid-market large businesses includes connectivity services such as Internet Access (fiber, coax and wireless delivered); Wide Area Network ( WAN ) services (Ethernet, Software Defined ( SD )-WAN and cloud connectivity) that privately and securely connect geographically dispersed customer locations and cloud service providers; and Managed Service solutions which address a wide range of enterprise networking (e.g. routing, Local Area Network ( LAN ), WiFi) and security (e.g. firewall, Distributed Denial of Service ( DDoS ) protection) challenges. To meet the communications needs of these more sophisticated customers, Spectrum Business also offers an array of voice trunking services and unified messaging, communications and collaboration products. We offer Unified Communications services integrated with our connectivity and managed services to give customers more choices for enhancing their digital experience across locations and devices. In addition, Spectrum Business offers a wide range of video solutions targeting unique needs of customers across multiple industries with a specific focus on hospitality, healthcare, government and education. Spectrum Business serves mid-market large businesses nationally by combining its large serviceable footprint with a robust portfolio of fiber lit buildings and a significant wholesale partner network. As a result, these customers benefit by obtaining advanced solutions from a single provider who is committed to an exceptional customer experience and who delivers compelling value by simplifying procurement and offering competitive pricing potentially reducing our customers' costs. Advertising Services Our advertising sales division, Spectrum Reach, offers local, regional and national businesses the opportunity to advertise in individual and multiple service areas on cable television networks, various streaming services and numerous advanced advertising platforms. We receive revenues from the sale of local advertising across various platforms for networks such as TBS, CNN and ESPN. We insert local advertising on up to 100 channels in over 90 markets and on multiple streaming services and free advertising-supported streaming television ( FAST ) channels including Amazon, Xumo and others. Our large footprint provides opportunities for advertising customers to address broader regional audiences from a single provider and thus reach more customers with a single transaction. Our size also provides scale to invest in new technology to create more targeted and addressable advertising capabilities. Available advertising time is generally sold by our advertising sales force. In some service areas, we have formed advertising interconnects or entered into representation agreements with other video distributors, including, among others, Verizon, DirecTV and Comcast, under which we sell advertising on behalf of those operators. In other service areas, we enter into representation agreements under which another operator in the area will sell advertising on our behalf. These arrangements enable us and our partners to represent and deliver commercials on their inventory across wider geographic areas, replicating the reach of local broadcast television stations to the extent possible. In addition, we enter into interconnect agreements from time to time with other cable operators, which, on behalf of a number of video operators, sell advertising time to national and regional advertisers in individual or multiple service areas. Additionally, we sell the advertising inventory of our owned and operated local sports and news channels, of our regional sports networks that carry Los Angeles Lakers basketball games and other sports programming and of SportsNet LA, a regional sports network that carries Los Angeles Dodgers baseball games and other sports programming. In conjunction with other multichannel video programming distributors ( MVPDs ), Spectrum Reach enables multi-channel cable networks (e.g. AMC, Univision) to deploy household addressability on their own inventory in our footprint, charging them an enablement fee. We have a proprietary platform that uses set-top box viewership data (all anonymized and aggregated) to create data-driven linear TV campaigns for local advertisers. Spectrum Reach also offers a programmatic sales platform allowing advertising agencies and advertisers to buy inventory in a fully automated way. Streaming TV, which is largely comprised of Spectrum TV app impressions, as well as those from numerous over-the-top streaming content providers, is part of our suite of advanced advertising products available to the marketplace. Additionally, Spectrum Reach purchases third-party inventory in our markets when needed. Spectrum Reach is also now employing multi-screen deterministic attribution services for television and streaming services that lets advertisers know the effectiveness of their advertising on Spectrum Reach s platform. Other Services Regional Sports Networks We have an agreement with the Los Angeles Lakers for rights to distribute all locally available Los Angeles Lakers games through 2032. We broadcast those games on our regional sports network, Spectrum SportsNet. American Media Productions, LLC ("American Media Productions"), an unaffiliated third party, owns SportsNet LA, a regional sports network carrying the Los Angeles Dodgers baseball games and other sports programming. In accordance with agreements with American Media 8 Productions, we act as the network s exclusive affiliate and advertising sales representative and have certain branding and programming rights with respect to the network. In addition, we provide certain production and technical services to American Media Productions. The affiliate, advertising, production and programming agreements continue through 2038. We also own 35.0% of Sterling Entertainment Enterprises, LLC (doing business as SportsNet New York), a New York City-based regional sports network that carries New York Mets baseball games as well as other regional sports programming. News Channels We own and manage over 35 local news channels, including Spectrum News NY1 and Spectrum News SoCal, 24-hour news channels focused on New York City and Los Angeles, respectively. Our local news channels connect the diverse communities and neighborhoods we serve providing 24/7 news, weather and community content focused on hyperlocal stories that address the deeper needs and interests of our customers. Customers can also read, watch and listen to news stories by our Spectrum News journalists and local partner publications on their mobile device on our Spectrum News application and certain smart TVs and streaming devices. In 2025, we entered into an agreement with Comcast to expand distribution of Spectrum News to their video customers in California, Connecticut, northern New Jersey, Orlando and Tampa. Community Solutions Spectrum Community Solutions ( SCS ) delivers broadband connectivity solutions to apartments, single-family gated communities, off-campus student housing, senior residences and RV parks. Services offered by SCS include Internet speeds up to 2 Gbps, property-wide WiFi coverage, Spectrum Ready pre-installed connectivity services and traditional or streaming video packages. SCS delivers these services to our properties via our fiber-powered network and through either bulk or retail marketing and right-of-entry agreements. Our SCS bulk customers are serviced by dedicated contact centers. SCS also manages our relationships with third-party resellers of Spectrum services to MDUs. Pricing of Our Products and Services Our revenues are principally derived from the monthly fees customers pay for the services we provide. We typically charge a one-time installation fee which is sometimes waived or discounted in certain sales channels during certain promotional periods. Our Spectrum pricing and packaging generally offers a standardized price across our services with bundle options designed to drive more value into a package to fit the customer need. We believe Spectrum pricing and packaging: offers a higher quality and more value-based set of services relative to our competitors, including fast Internet speeds, with integrated mobile and video options and a transparent pricing structure; offers simplicity for customers to understand our offers, and for our employees in service delivery; drives our ability to package more services at the time of sale, thus increasing revenue per customer; drives higher customer satisfaction, lower service calls and churn; and allows for gradual price increases at the end of promotional periods. We also have specialized offerings to enhance affordability of our Internet product for qualified low-income households, including Spectrum Internet Assist, a 50 megabits per second ("Mbps") service, and Internet Advantage, a 100 Mbps service. Both are low cost and include a modem for no additional charge. Our bundle options utilize our unique product assets with multi-year guaranteed pricing and speed options that create more choices and provide faster speeds. Our Internet and mobile product bundles provide a differentiated connectivity experience by bringing together Spectrum Internet, Advanced WiFi and Unlimited Spectrum Mobile to offer consumers fast, reliable and secure online connections on their favorite devices at home and on-the-go in a high-value package. Alternatively, our mobile customers can choose from unlimited or by-the-gig data usage plans and can easily switch between mobile data plans during the month. All plans include 5G service, free nationwide talk and text, and simple pricing that includes all taxes and fees. Our Unlimited Plus plan also includes an additional 20 gigabytes of data, international calls and roaming in over 190 countries and our Anytime Upgrade program that allows customers to upgrade their devices whenever they want, eliminating traditional wait times, upgrade fees and condition requirements. Customers can also purchase mobile devices and accessory products and have the option to pay for devices under interest-free monthly installment plans. Our device portfolio includes 5G models from Apple, Google and Samsung and we offer trade-in options along with our Phone Balance Buyout program which makes switching mobile providers easier by helping customers pay off balances on ported lines. 9 Our Network Technology Our network includes three key components: a national backbone, regional/metro networks and a last-mile network. Both our national backbone and regional/metro network components utilize a redundant IP ring/mesh fiber architecture. The national backbone component provides connectivity from regional demarcation points to nationally centralized content, connectivity and services. The regional/metro network components provide connectivity between the regional demarcation points and headends within a specific geographic area and enable the delivery of content and services between these network components. Our last-mile network largely utilizes a hybrid fiber coaxial cable ( HFC ) architecture, which combines the use of fiber optic cable with coaxial cable, together creating our fiber-powered network. In most systems, we deliver our signals via fiber optic cable from the headend to a group of nodes, and use coaxial cable to deliver the signal from individual nodes to the homes served by that node. Our design standard allows spare fiber strands to each node to be utilized for additional residential traffic capacity, and mid-market large business customer needs as they arise. For our mid-market large business customers, fiber optic cable is extended to the customer s site. For most new buildouts, including for our rural construction initiative, and MDU sites, we utilize an all-fiber deployment. We believe that our fiber-powered network design provides high capacity and signal quality with a cost-efficient path to increased speeds. Our fiber-powered network benefits include: bandwidth capacity to enable video and broadband services; dedicated bandwidth for delivering higher signal quality and service reliability, which provides an advantage over cell phone home Internet offerings; the ability to upgrade capacity at a lower incremental capital cost relative to our competitors; a powered network enabling out-of-home Advanced WiFi and 5G small cell access points; and existing infrastructure with connections capable of self installation by the customer in most of our passings. Our systems currently provide a two-way all-digital platform, leveraging DOCSIS 3.1 technology and bandwidth of 750 megahertz or greater, to virtually all of our passings not yet part of our network evolution initiative. This bandwidth-rich network enables us to offer Spectrum Internet Gig across all of our footprint which enables us to provide fast, reliable and secure online connections, meeting current customer demands. Through our network evolution initiative, we are currently expanding our spectrum to 1.2 GHz through a module upgrade in the hub, node and amplifier and using high splits and DAA to deliver multi-gig speed capabilities while using the current DOCSIS 3.1 customer premise equipment. When paired with the next generation of DOCSIS modem, DOCSIS 4.0, we will be able to deliver even faster speeds. Next, we will begin to deploy DOCSIS 4.0 technology in the network and further increase our spectrum to 1.8 GHz enabling even higher speed capabilities. This network evolution will also allow us to extend fiber services to the home in a success based Fiber on Demand manner. We plan to complement our wireline investments with planned WiFi upgrades for in-home routers. With nearly 500 million devices connected wirelessly to our network in our customers' homes and businesses, we are unlocking our network investments for multi-gigabit speeds through the deployment of WiFi 7 routers. We own 210 Citizen Broadband Radio Service ( CBRS ) Priority Access Licenses ( PALs ). We intend to use these licenses along with General Authorized Access ( GAA ) CBRS spectrum to build our own 5G data-only mobile network on targeted 5G small cell sites leveraging our HFC network to provide power and data connectivity to the majority of the sites. These 5G small cells, combined with growing WiFi capabilities, increase speed and reliability along with improving our cost structure through offload of wireless data onto our owned networks. We continue to deploy 5G small cell sites in targeted areas of our footprint, as part of our broader multi-year 5G mobile network buildout, based on disciplined cost reduction targets. Subsidized Rural Construction Initiative In 2025, we continued our subsidized rural construction initiative expanding our network to offer a suite of broadband connectivity services, including fixed Internet, WiFi and mobile to over 1.7 million passings in unserved areas in states where we currently operate. Since inception in the beginning of 2022, we have spent $7.7 billion on our subsidized rural construction initiative and activated approximately 1.3 million passings. Including amounts spent to date, we expect to invest over $8 billion in total over the span of the initiative, a portion of which we expect to offset with government funding, including over $2 billion of support awarded through December 31, 2025 in the Rural Development Opportunity Fund ( RDOF ) auction and other 10 federal, state and municipal grants, including the Broadband Equity, Access and Deployment ( BEAD ) program. In addition to construction in areas subsidized by various government grants, we expect to continue rural construction in areas near our current plant and in areas surrounding subsidized construction where synergies can be achieved. These investments will allow us to generate long-term infrastructure-style returns by further taking advantage of our scale efficiencies, network quality and construction capabilities, while offering our high-quality products and services to more homes and businesses. We expect these newly served homes will be enabled to engage in remote work, virtual learning, telemedicine and other bandwidth-heavy applications that require high-speed broadband connectivity. Newly served rural areas also will benefit from our high-value Spectrum pricing and packaging structure including our mobile and voice offerings, as well as our comprehensive selection of video products. The successful and timely execution of such fiber-based construction is dependent on a variety of external factors, including the make-ready and utility pole permitting processes. With fewer homes and businesses in these areas, broadband providers need to access multiple poles per home, as opposed to multiple homes per pole in higher-density settings. As a result, pole applications, pole replacement rules and their affiliated issue resolution processes are all factors that can have a significant impact on construction timing and speed to completion. The RDOF auction rules and other subsidy grants establish construction milestones for the build-out utilizing subsidized funding. Failure to meet those milestones could subject us to financial penalties. Management, Customer Operations and Marketing Our operations are centralized, with senior executives responsible for coordinating and overseeing operations, including establishing company-wide strategies, policies and procedures. Sales and marketing, field operations, customer operations, network technology services, advertising sales, human resources, legal, government relations, communications, product, software development and information technology and finance are all directed at the corporate level. Regional and local field operations are responsible for customer premise service transactions and maintaining and constructing that portion of our network which is located outdoors. Our field operations strategy includes completing a significant portion of our activity with our own employees which we find drives consistent and higher quality services. In 2025, our in-house field operations workforce handled over 80% of our customer premise service transactions. In addition, we have been growing our in-house construction teams to perform a portion of our network expansion initiatives. Our products and services are backed by an industry-first customer commitment. We do not restrict how, or how often, our customers can contact us. We are available across a range of channels, including phone, live-agent chat, the Spectrum application and social media. Our customer websites and mobile applications enable customers to pay their bills, manage their accounts, order and activate new services and utilize self-service help and support. In addition, our self-install program has been beneficial for customers who need flexibility in the timing of their installation. This commitment is reinforced by our customer-first policies and 100% U.S.-based workforce with live customer service representatives available 24/7. We manage our customer service call centers centrally to ensure a consistent, high-quality customer experience. In addition, we route calls by call type to specific agents that only handle such call types, enabling agents to become experts in addressing specific customer needs, creating a better customer experience. Service from our call centers continues to become more efficient as a result of new tool enhancements that give our front-line customer service agents more context and real-time information about the customer and their services which allows them to more effectively troubleshoot and resolve issues. Our call center agent desktop interface tool enables virtualization of all call centers thereby better serving our customers. Virtualization allows calls to be routed across our call centers regardless of the location origin of the call, reducing call wait times, and saving costs. We sell our residential and commercial services using national brand platforms known as Spectrum, Spectrum Business, Spectrum Reach and Spectrum Community Solutions. These brands reflect our comprehensive approach to industry-leading products, driven by speed, performance and innovation. Our marketing strategy emphasizes the sale of our bundled services through targeted direct response marketing programs to existing and potential customers and increases awareness and the value of the Spectrum brand. Our marketing organization creates and executes marketing programs intended to grow customer relationships, increase the number of services we sell per relationship, retain existing customers and cross-sell additional products to current customers. We monitor the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, customer perception, competition, pricing, and service preferences, among other factors, in order to increase our responsiveness to our customers and to improve our sales and customer retention. Our Life Unlimited brand platform includes customer commitments that provide performance and service benchmarks and a simplified pricing structure designed to drive more value into our relationships. The marketing organization manages all residential and Spectrum Business sales channels including inbound, direct sales, online, outbound telemarketing and stores. 11 Programming We believe that offering a wide variety of video programming choices influences a customer s decision to subscribe to and retain our video and Internet services. We obtain basic and premium programming, usually pursuant to written contracts from a number of suppliers. We have also been successful in obtaining access to the related programmer streaming applications pursuant to those contracts at no additional cost. Media corporation and broadcast station group consolidation has, however, resulted in fewer suppliers and additional selling power on the part of programming suppliers. Programming is usually made available to us for a license fee, which is generally paid based on the number of customers to whom we make that programming available. Programming license fees may include various discounts such as volume discounts and other financial incentives and/or ongoing marketing support, as well as discounts for service penetration. We receive revenue to carry home shopping channels. We also offer VOD and pay-per-view movies and events that are subject to a revenue split with the content provider. Competition Residential Services We face intense competition for residential customers, both from existing competitors and, as a result of the rapid development of new technologies, services and products, from new entrants. Internet Competition Our residential Internet service faces competition across our footprint from fiber-to-the-home ("FTTH"), fixed wireless broadband, Internet delivered via satellite and DSL services. Several FTTH competitors deliver 1 Gbps broadband speed (and some deliver multi Gbps) in at least a portion of their footprints which overlap our footprint. AT T Inc. ("AT T") and Verizon are our primary FTTH competitors. We face terrestrial broadband Internet (defined by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) as at least 100 Mbps) competition from AT T and Verizon in approximately 27% and 16% of our operating footprint, respectively. DSL service is also offered across our footprint often at prices lower than our Internet services, although typically at speeds much lower than the minimum speeds we offer as part of our Spectrum pricing and packaging. In addition, commercial areas, such as retail malls, restaurants and airports, offer WiFi Internet service. Numerous local governments are also considering or actively pursuing publicly subsidized WiFi Internet access networks. In addition, providers are constructing open access networks that can deliver services from multiple underlying Internet service providers. These options offer alternatives to cable-based Internet access. Several national mobile network operators offer long-term evolution ( LTE ) or 5G delivered cell phone home Internet service (fixed wireless access from cell phone towers) in our markets. In several markets, we also face competition from one or more fixed wireless providers that deliver point-to-point Internet connectivity. Further acquisition of additional spectrum by our competitors as a result of secondary sales or auction of additional spectrum would intensify these competitive pressures. Mobile Competition Our mobile service faces competition from national mobile network operators ( MNOs ) including AT T, Verizon and T-Mobile, as well as a variety of regional operators and mobile virtual network operators. Most carriers offer unlimited data packages to customers and combine free or highly discounted devices based on rate plans selected. The MNOs also offer wireless Internet services delivered over networks that they continue to enhance to deliver faster speeds. AT T, Verizon and T-Mobile continue to expand 5G mobile services, and consolidations in the telecom industry continue to increase competition as they seek to offer converged connectivity services similar to ours. We also compete for retail activations with other resellers that buy bulk wholesale service from wireless service providers for resale. Video Competition Our residential video service faces growing competition across our footprint from a number of other sources, including companies that deliver linear network programming, movies and television shows on demand and other video content over broadband Internet connections to televisions, computers, tablets and mobile devices. Increasingly, exclusive television content, including marquee content like live sporting events, is becoming available from sources other than traditional MVPDs. These competitors include virtual MVPDs such as YouTube TV, Hulu Plus Live TV, Sling TV, Philo and DirecTV Stream. 12 Other online video business models and products have also developed, some offered by programmers, including, (i) subscription video on demand ( SVOD ) services such as Netflix, Apple TV+, Amazon Prime and Hulu, (ii) programmer streaming applications such as HBO Max, ESPN Unlimited, Disney+, Peacock and Paramount+, (iii) ad-supported free online video products, including YouTube and Pluto TV, some of which offer programming for free to consumers that we currently purchase for a fee, (iv) pay-per-view products, such as iTunes, and (v) additional offerings from mobile providers which continue to integrate and bundle video services and mobile products. Historically, we have generally viewed SVOD online video services as complementary to our own video offering and, in the case of programmer streaming applications, we are packaging with the linear offerings. However, services from virtual MVPDs and programmer streaming applications, as well as piracy and password sharing, negatively impact the number of customers purchasing our video product. Our residential video service also faces competition from DBS service providers, which have a national footprint and compete in all of our operating areas. DBS providers offer satellite-delivered pre-packaged programming services that can be received by relatively small and inexpensive receiving dishes. DBS providers offer aggressive promotional pricing and video services that are comparable in many respects to our residential video service. Our residential video service also faces competition from large telecommunications companies, primarily Verizon, which offer wireline video services in significant portions of our operating areas. Voice Competition Our residential voice service competes with wireless and wireline phone providers across our footprint, as well as other forms of communication, such as text messaging on cellular phones, instant messaging, social networking services, video conferencing and email. We also compete with over-the-top phone providers as well as companies that sell phone cards at a cost per minute for both national and international service. The increase in the number of different technologies capable of carrying voice services and the number of alternative communication options available to customers as well as the replacement of wireline services by wireless have intensified the competitive environment in which we operate our residential voice service. Additional Competition In some of our operating areas, other regional competitors have built networks that offer Internet, mobile, video and voice services that compete with our services. We also compete with other sources of news, information and entertainment, including over-the-air television broadcast reception, live events, movie theaters and the Internet. Competition is also posed by fixed wireless and satellite master antenna television systems serving MDUs, such as condominiums, apartment complexes, and private residential communities. Commercial Services We face intense competition across each of our business services product offerings. Our small business Internet, mobile, video and voice services face competition from a variety of providers as described above. Our mid-market large business solutions face competition from the competitors described above as well as cloud-based application-service providers, managed service providers and other telecommunications carriers, such as metro and regional fiber-based carriers. Advertising We face intense competition for advertising revenue across many different platforms and from a wide range of local and national competitors. Advertising competition has increased and will likely continue to increase as new advertising platforms seek to attract the same advertisers. We compete for advertising revenue against, among others, local broadcast stations, national cable and broadcast networks, direct-to-consumer ad-supported applications, connected device platforms, social media networks, online advertising companies and content providers, radio stations and print media. Seasonality and Cyclicality Our business is subject to seasonal and cyclical variations. Our results are impacted by the seasonal nature of customers receiving our cable services in college and vacation service areas. Our revenue is subject to cyclical advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. Our advertising revenue is generally higher in the second and fourth calendar quarters of each year, due in part to increases in consumer advertising in the spring and in the period leading up to and including the holiday season. U.S. advertising revenue is also cyclical, benefiting in even-numbered years from advertising related to candidates running for political office and issue-oriented advertising. Our capital expenditures and trade working capital are also subject to significant seasonality based on the timing of subscriber growth, network programs, specific projects and construction. 13 Liberty Broadband Combination On November 12, 2024, Charter, Liberty Broadband Corporation ( Liberty Broadband ), Fusion Merger Sub 1, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Charter, and Fusion Merger Sub 2, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Fusion Merger Sub 1, LLC, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the Merger Agreement ), pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, Charter will acquire Liberty Broadband through the merger of Fusion Merger Sub 2, Inc. with and into Liberty Broadband (the Merger ), with Liberty Broadband surviving the Merger and becoming an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Charter. Immediately following the Merger, Liberty Broadband, as the surviving corporation of the Merger, will merge with and into Fusion Merger Sub 1, LLC (the Upstream Merger and together with the Merger, the Liberty Broadband Combination ), with Fusion Merger Sub 1, LLC surviving the Upstream Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Charter. At the effective time of the Merger (the effective time ): each share of (i) Liberty Broadband Series A common stock, par value $0.01 per share ( Liberty Broadband Series A common stock ), (ii) Liberty Broadband Series B common stock, par value $0.01 per share ( Liberty Broadband Series B common stock ), and (iii) Liberty Broadband Series C common stock, par value $0.01 per share ( Liberty Broadband Series C common stock and together with the Liberty Broadband Series A common stock and the Liberty Broadband Series B common stock, the Liberty Broadband common stock ), in each case, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than certain excluded shares as set forth in the Merger Agreement) will be converted into the right to receive 0.236 of a validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Charter Class A common stock, par value $0.001 per share; and each share of Liberty Broadband Series A cumulative redeemable preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share ( Liberty Broadband preferred stock ), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than excluded treasury shares as set forth in the Merger Agreement) will be converted into the right to receive one share of newly issued Charter Series A cumulative redeemable preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share ( Charter preferred stock ). The Charter preferred stock will have substantially identical terms to the Liberty Broadband preferred stock, including a mandatory redemption date of March 8, 2039. As of December 31, 2025, Liberty Broadband s principal assets consist of approximately 41.5 million shares of Charter Class A common stock. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Liberty Broadband agreed to spin off its subsidiary, GCI, LLC, which was comprised of one operating entity, GCI Holdings, LLC ( GCI ), Alaska s largest communications provider, by way of a distribution to the stockholders of Liberty Broadband prior to the closing of the Liberty Broadband Combination (the GCI Divestiture ). The GCI Divestiture was completed on July 14, 2025. The GCI Divestiture is expected to be taxable to Liberty Broadband and its stockholders, with Charter bearing the corporate level tax liability upon completion of the Liberty Broadband Combination. However, to the extent such corporate level tax liability exceeds $420 million, Charter will be entitled under a tax receivables agreement to the portion of the tax benefits realized by GCI corresponding to such excess. Liberty Broadband has debt of $1.8 billion as of September 30, 2025 that will be repaid prior to closing or assumed by Charter, and $180 million in aggregate liquidation preference of Liberty Broadband preferred stock that will be converted into an equal amount of Charter preferred stock in the Liberty Broadband Combination. The companies currently expect the transaction to close contemporaneously with the closing of the Cox Transactions, unless otherwise agreed, subject to customary closing conditions. For additional information, see the definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus with respect to the Liberty Broadband Combination, filed by Charter on January 22, 2025, including the sections entitled The Combination, The Merger Agreement and Other Agreements Related to the Combination - Stockholders and Letter Agreement Amendment included therein. Cox Transactions On May 16, 2025, Charter, Charter Holdings, and Cox Enterprises, Inc. ( Cox Enterprises ) entered into a Transaction Agreement (the Transaction Agreement ) pursuant to which (i) Cox Enterprises will sell and transfer to Charter 100% of the equity interests of certain subsidiaries of Cox Communications, Inc. ( Cox Communications ) that conduct Cox Communications commercial fiber and managed IT and cloud services businesses (the Equity Sale ), (ii) Cox Enterprises will contribute the equity interests of Cox Communications and certain other assets (other than certain excluded assets) primarily related to Cox Communications residential cable business to Charter Holdings (the Contribution ), and (iii) Cox Enterprises will pay $1.00 to Charter (collectively, the Cox Transactions ). Under the Transaction Agreement, Charter and Cox 14 Enterprises may designate one or more wholly owned subsidiaries to take actions with respect to Charter and Cox Enterprises, respectively. Pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, at the closing of the Cox Transactions (the Closing ): in consideration of the Equity Sale, Charter will pay $3.5 billion in cash to Cox Enterprises; in consideration of the Contribution, Charter Holdings will (i) pay to Cox Enterprises $500 million in cash and (ii) issue to Cox Enterprises convertible preferred units of Charter Holdings with an aggregate liquidation preference of $6.0 billion, which will pay a 6.875% dividend per annum, and approximately 33.6 million Charter Holdings common units. The Charter Holdings convertible preferred units will be convertible into Charter Holdings common units, with an initial conversion price of $477.41, subject to certain adjustments. The Charter Holdings common units will be exchangeable by the holder, in certain circumstances, for cash or, at the election of Charter, Charter Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments; and in consideration of the $1.00 payment from Cox Enterprises to Charter, Charter will issue to Cox Enterprises one share of the newly created Charter Class C common stock. The Charter Class C common stock will be equivalent, economically, to the outstanding Charter Class A common stock and the Charter Class B common stock but will have a number of votes per share that reflect the voting power of the Charter Holdings common units and the Charter Holdings convertible preferred units held by Cox Enterprises on an as-converted, as-exchanged basis. The combined entity will assume Cox Communications approximately $12.6 billion in outstanding net debt and finance leases (assumed debt is on a pro forma basis contemplating Cox Communications refinancing of debt maturities occurring between signing and closing of the Cox Transactions). For additional information, see the definitive proxy statement with respect to the acquisition, filed by Charter on July 2, 2025, including the sections entitled The Transactions, The Transaction Agreement and Other Agreements Related to the Transactions included therein. Regulation and Legislation The following summary addresses the key regulatory and legislative developments affecting the cable industry and our services for both residential and commercial customers. Cable systems and related communications networks and services are extensively regulated by the federal government (primarily the FCC), certain state governments and many local governments. A failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to substantial penalties. Our business can be dramatically impacted by changes to the existing regulatory framework, whether triggered by legislative, administrative, or judicial rulings. Congress and the FCC have frequently revisited the subject of communications regulation and they are likely to do so again in the future. We could be materially disadvantaged in the future if we are subject to new laws, regulations or regulatory actions that do not equally impact our key competitors. For example, Internet-delivered streaming video services compete with our traditional video service, but they are not subject to the same level of federal, state, and local regulation. In addition, changes in Supreme Court precedent have increased the likelihood that federal courts could vacate federal agency rules that would have been favorable or unfavorable to our business. We cannot provide assurance that the already extensive regulation of our business will not be expanded in the future. Video Service Must Carry/Retransmission Consent There are two alternative legal methods for carriage of local broadcast television stations on cable systems. Federal must carry regulations require cable systems to carry local broadcast television stations upon the request of the local broadcaster. Alternatively, federal law includes retransmission consent regulations, by which popular commercial television stations can prohibit cable carriage unless the cable operator first negotiates for retransmission consent, which may be conditioned on significant payments or other concessions. Popular stations routinely invoke retransmission consent and demand substantial compensation increases in their negotiations with cable operators, thereby significantly increasing our operating costs. A recent federal court decision allows for additional consolidation of the top four rated broadcast stations in local markets, which will likely result in increases in the rates for retransmission consent. Further, the FCC is considering modifying its rules to allow broadcast television ownership groups to own more broadcast stations in a given market and nationally, which would also result in further increases in the rates for retransmission consent. 15 Pole Attachments The Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the Communications Act ), requires investor-owned utilities to provide cable systems with access to poles and conduits upon reasonable, non-discriminatory terms and at rates that are subject to either federal or state regulation. Federal regulations, which apply in twenty-six states, establish cost-based rental rates applicable to pole attachments used for cable or telecommunications services, including when offered together with Internet service, and at times establish mandatory timelines for processing pole access requests and limitations on make-ready costs that pole owners may charge for accommodating attachments. The FCC's approach does not directly affect the rate in the twenty-three states that self-regulate, but most of those states follow substantially similar approaches as the FCC. The federal pole attachment law does not extend to poles owned by electric cooperatives or municipal electric companies, but states are free to regulate these entities, and some do. We sometimes face challenges getting access to poles in rural areas where upfront construction and make ready costs can be higher and where pole owners may be slow to grant our permit requests, especially when the FCC pole attachment rules do not apply or when FCC mandatory timelines do not apply, as is the case in many rural builds. Other FCC Regulatory Matters The Communications Act and FCC regulations cover a variety of additional areas applicable to our video services, including, among other things: (1) licensing of systems and facilities, including the grant of various spectrum licenses; (2) equal employment opportunity obligations; (3) customer service standards; (4) technical standards; (5) mandatory blackouts of certain network and syndicated programming; (6) restrictions on political advertising; (7) restrictions on advertising in children s programming; (8) ownership restrictions; (9) posting of certain information on an FCC public file website, including but not limited to political advertising records, equal employment opportunity practices, compliance with children s programming requirements, policies for commercial leased access, system information, and channel carriage information including disclosure of our ownership interests in channels we carry; (10) emergency alert systems; (11) inside wiring and contracts for MDU complexes; (12) accessibility of content, including requirements governing video-description and closed-captioning; (13) competitive availability of cable equipment; (14) the provision of up to 15% of video channel capacity for commercial leased access by unaffiliated third parties; (15) public, education and government entity access requirements; and (16) disclosure of an aggregated monthly all-in price on customer bills and advertising materials that include the price of video programming. Each of these regulations restricts our business practices to varying degrees and may impose additional costs on our operations. The FCC regulates spectrum usage in ways that could impact our operations including for microwave backhaul, broadcast, unlicensed WiFi and CBRS. Our ability to access and use spectrum that may become available in the future is uncertain and may be limited by further FCC auction or allocation decisions. Congressional action in 2025 restored the FCC s auction authority and could result in the licensing of additional spectrum in a manner beneficial to our competitors. New or additional spectrum obtained by other parties could lead to additional wireless competition to our existing and future services. It is possible that Congress or the FCC will expand or modify its regulation of cable systems or the services delivered over cable systems and competing services in the future. We cannot predict at this time what new requirements may be adopted and how such changes might impact our business. Copyright The carriage of television and radio broadcast signals by cable systems are subject to a federal compulsory copyright license. The copyright law provides copyright owners the right to audit our payments under the compulsory license. On December 16, 2024, the Copyright Office issued an order modifying the license s royalty calculations and reporting obligations, however, we do not believe the impact of such modifications will be material to us. The possible modification or elimination of this license is the subject of continuing legislative proposals and administrative review and could adversely affect our ability to obtain desired broadcast programming. Franchise Matters Our cable systems generally are operated pursuant to nonexclusive franchises, permits, and similar authorizations granted by a municipality or other state or local government entity in order to utilize and cross public rights-of-way. Cable franchises generally are granted for fixed terms and in many cases include monetary penalties for noncompliance and may be terminable if the franchisee fails to comply. The specific terms and conditions of cable franchises vary significantly between jurisdictions. They generally contain provisions governing cable operations, payment of franchise fees, access to and 16 use of rights of way, system construction, maintenance, technical performance, customer service standards, supporting and carrying public, education and government access channels, and changes in the ownership of the franchisee. Although local franchising authorities have considerable discretion in establishing franchise terms, certain federal protections benefit cable operators. For example, federal law imposes a cap on franchise fees of 5% of gross revenues from the provision of cable services over the cable system. The FCC has clarified that the value of in-kind contribution requirements set forth in cable franchises is subject to the statutory cap on franchise fees, and it reaffirmed that state and local authorities are barred from imposing franchise fees on revenues derived from non-cable services, such as Internet services, provided by cable operators over cable systems. A number of states have adopted franchising laws that provide for state-issued franchises. Generally, state-issued cable franchises are for a fixed term (or in perpetuity), streamline many of the traditional local cable franchise requirements and eliminate local negotiation and enforcement of terms. The Communications Act provides for an orderly franchise renewal process in which granting authorities may not unreasonably deny renewals. If we fail to obtain renewals of franchises representing a significant number of our customers, it could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or our liquidity. Similarly, if a franchising authority s consent is required for the purchase or sale of a cable system, the franchising authority may attempt to deny the transaction or impose more burdensome requirements as a condition for providing its consent. Internet Service The FCC currently classifies broadband Internet access services, such as those we offer, as an information service, which exempts the service from traditional communications common carrier laws and regulations. Previously, the FCC has classified broadband Internet access services as telecommunications service. If the FCC were again to reclassify broadband Internet access services as telecommunications services, it could adversely affect our business. In 2024, the FCC adopted new requirements based upon Congressional directive to post standardized labels disclosing our network management policies and performance of our broadband Internet access services, similar to the format of food nutrition labels, for each of our currently available consumer Internet offerings. The FCC is considering removing some of the details of these requirements. Federal courts have allowed states to regulate broadband Internet access services, despite their classification as information services. Several states, including California, Maine and Vermont, have adopted rules similar to the network neutrality requirements that were eliminated by the FCC, and the California rules were upheld in federal court. California has also adopted other regulations, including network resiliency rules to assure backup power is available after natural disasters and other outages and where commercial power has been turned off due to public safety power shutoffs, and it is considering the imposition of licensing requirements and service quality metrics on Internet service providers. New York legislation became effective in 2025 that requires Internet service providers to offer a discounted Internet service to qualifying low-income consumers. We cannot predict what other legislation and regulations may be adopted by states, or how challenges to such requirements will be resolved. In November 2023, the FCC adopted new rules governing digital discrimination, pursuant to The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021 (the IIJA ), to prevent discrimination of access to broadband Internet services. Most of these rules have become effective, but they are subject to ongoing legal challenges. We cannot predict what other legislation and regulations may be adopted by states, or the outcome of legal challenges or whether the nature of practices that could be subject to enforcement under these rules could adversely affect our business. In recent years, the federal, state and local governments have offered billions of dollars in subsidies to companies deploying broadband to areas deemed to be unserved or underserved, using funds from the FCC s RDOF auction in 2020, The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security ( CARES ) Act (2020), The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 ( ARPA ), BEAD and IIJA. We support such subsidies, provided they are not directed to areas that are already served, and have sought and expect to continue to seek subsidies for our own broadband construction in unserved and underserved areas through programs including RDOF and those created pursuant to ARPA and, if regulatory requirements are reasonable, the IIJA. To date, we have been awarded over $2 billion in the RDOF auction and other federal, state and municipal grants that will partially fund, along with our substantial additional investment, the construction of new broadband infrastructure to over 1.7 million estimated passings. Our awards include a number of regulatory requirements, such as serving as the carrier of last resort and 17 completing increasingly larger portions of the network construction by certain dates. If we fail to meet these obligations, we could be subject to substantial government penalties. The FCC has adopted rules for service providers to report broadband availability, pursuant to the Broadband Data Act. Providers are required to report their service areas twice each year. The service areas reported are subject to challenge. A broadband provider who provides inaccurate maps or fails to respond properly to challenges may be subject to enforcement action by the FCC. The FCC can also fine a provider for filing incorrect maps. Mobile Service Our Spectrum Mobile service offers mobile Internet access and telephone service. We provide this service as a mobile virtual network operator ( MVNO ) using Verizon s network and our network through Spectrum WiFi and CBRS. As an MVNO, we are subject to many of the same FCC regulations that apply to facilities-based wireless carriers, as well as certain state or local regulations, including (but not limited to): 911 emergency services ( E911 ), local number portability, customer privacy, Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act ( CALEA ), Universal Service Fund contributions, robocall mitigation, hearing aid compatibility and safety and emission requirements for mobile devices. Spectrum Mobile s broadband Internet access service is also subject to the FCC s transparency rule and broadband labeling rules. The FCC or other regulatory authorities may adopt new or different regulations for MVNOs and/or mobile service providers in the future, or impose new taxes or fees applicable to Spectrum Mobile, which could adversely affect the service offering or our business generally. For example, California has proposed the imposition of service quality metrics on mobile services. Wireline Voice Service The FCC has never classified the VoIP wireline telephone services we offer as telecommunications services that are subject to traditional federal common carrier regulation, but instead has imposed some of these regulatory requirements on a case-by-case basis, such as requirements relating to E911, CALEA (the statute governing law enforcement access to and surveillance of communications), Universal Service Fund contributions, customer privacy and Customer Proprietary Network Information ( CPNI ) protections, number portability, network and/or 911 outage reporting (including outages that adversely affect 911 service), rural call completion, disability access, regulatory fees, robocall mitigation and discontinuance of service. It is possible that the FCC or Congress will impose additional federal requirements on our VoIP telephone services in the future. Our VoIP telephone services are subject to certain state and local regulatory fees such as E911 fees and contributions to state universal service funds. Additionally, to comply with RDOF program requirements, we have chosen in the RDOF areas to offer Lifeline VoIP telephone services subject to traditional federal and state common carrier regulations. We also offer Lifeline VoIP telephone services in portions of our California and New York service areas. Except where we have chosen to offer VoIP telephone services in such a manner, we believe that our VoIP telephone services should be governed primarily by federal regulation. The federal Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit affirmed our successful challenge to Minnesota's attempt to generally apply telephone regulation to our VoIP services, but that ruling is limited to the seven states in that circuit. Some states have attempted to subject cable VoIP services, such as our VoIP telephone service, to state level regulation. California has imposed licensing, reporting and other obligations on our VoIP services, including backup power requirements, and has proposed the imposition of service quality metrics on VoIP services. We have registered with or obtained certificates or authorizations from the FCC and the state regulatory authorities in those states in which we offer competitive voice services and/or VOIP in order to ensure the continuity of our services. However, it is unclear whether and how these and other ongoing regulatory matters ultimately will be resolved. State regulatory commissions and legislatures may continue to consider imposing regulatory requirements on our fixed wireline voice telephone services. Privacy and Information Security Regulation The Communications Act limits our ability to collect, use, and disclose customers personally identifiable information for our Internet, mobile, video and voice services. We are subject to additional federal, state, and local laws and regulations that impose additional restrictions on the collection, use and disclosure of consumer information. All broadband and VoIP providers are also obliged by CALEA to configure their networks in a manner that facilitates the ability of state and federal law enforcement, with proper legal process authorized under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, to wiretap and obtain records and information concerning our customers, including the content of their communications. Further, the FCC, Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ), and many states regulate and restrict the marketing practices of communications service providers, including telemarketing and sending unsolicited commercial emails. The FTC currently has the authority, pursuant to its 18 general authority to enforce against unfair or deceptive acts and practices, to protect the privacy of Internet service customers, including our use and disclosure of certain customer information. Our operations are also subject to federal and state laws governing information security. All states have data breach notification laws that would require us to inform individuals and regulators in the event of a breach that could impact personal information of our customers. In the event of an information security breach, such rules may require consumer and government agency notification and may result in regulatory enforcement actions with the potential of monetary forfeitures. The FCC, the FTC and state attorneys general regularly bring enforcement actions against companies related to information security breaches and privacy violations. The California Privacy Protection Agency adopted new cybersecurity regulations that will require us to conduct annual cybersecurity audits if the processing of our personal data presents significant risk to consumers security. The first deadline for compliance is January 1, 2027 and the first audit certification is due by April 1, 2028. Various security standards provide guidance to telecommunications companies in order to help identify and mitigate cybersecurity risks. We describe those standards in Item 1C. Cybersecurity - Risk Management and Strategy. The Department of Homeland Security s Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency has sought comment on the development of cyber incident reporting rules, pursuant to 2022 legislative requirements, that require critical infrastructure entities to report substantial cyber incidents within 72 hours of their discovery. On June 13, 2025, the New York Public Service Commission issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for Information Technology Cybersecurity Requirements pertaining to regulated entities, including telecommunications and cable service providers. Written comments on the proposed rule were due on September 15, 2025, and the proceeding is ongoing. These rules, if adopted, may increase our costs or impose new restrictions on the operation of our business. The Department of Defense began the phased rollout of the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification ( CMMC ) program, which amends the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement and introduces mandatory cybersecurity standards for defense contractors, on November 10, 2025. Many states and local authorities have considered legislative or other actions that would impose restrictions on our ability to collect, use and disclose, and safeguard certain consumer information. Many states have enacted comprehensive consumer data privacy laws, and some states have enacted issue-specific privacy laws covering health information and children's information. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act ( CCPA ) regulates companies collection, use and disclosure of the personal information of California residents and employees and authorizes enforcement actions by the California Attorney General and private class actions for data breaches. The Maine Act to Protect Privacy of Online Customer Information, which regulates how Internet service providers use and disclose customers personal information and requires Internet service providers to take reasonable measures to protect customers personal information, became effective on July 1, 2020. Data privacy laws subsequently have taken effect in Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. The California Privacy Protection Agency adopted new regulations governing the use of automated decision-making tools, defining cybersecurity audit requirements, and requiring risk assessments of certain types of processing activities. Colorado adopted amendments to its regulations under the Colorado Privacy Act, and New Jersey is in the process of finalizing regulations under the New Jersey Data Privacy Act. Colorado passed the Colorado Artificial Intelligence Act ( CAIA ) which will take effect on June 30, 2026. The CAIA governs the use of certain Artificial Intelligence systems. Each of these laws will regulate the way that companies collect, use, and share personal information about consumers. Other state legislatures are considering the adoption of new data security and cybersecurity legislation, and states with newly passed laws continue to consider amendments, that could result in additional network and information security requirements for our business. For example, Louisiana (effective July 1, 2026), Texas (effective January 1, 2026 but enjoined by the district court and appealed to the fifth circuit where it is currently pending), California (effective January 1, 2027) and Utah (effective May 7, 2025) passed laws establishing specific requirements for app developers and stores requiring age verification and parental consent for online apps. The FTC adopted amendments to the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) rules earlier this year to reflect changes in technology that have occurred since the COPPA rules were last updated in 2013. The FTC has also warned companies not to misuse consumers biometric information, with a broad definition of biometrics similar to Washington s My Health My Data Act and the CCPA that treat biometrics as sensitive consumer information, and Illinois and Texas have also adopted laws regulating the use of such information. Congress may also adopt new privacy and data security obligations that could supplement or preempt state privacy laws. Finally, enforcement of state consumer privacy laws has increased with both the California attorney general and the California Privacy Protection Agency bringing actions against companies in multiple industry sectors for failure to comply with various aspects of the CCPA. The Texas attorney general has been active in enforcing the new Texas Data Privacy and Security Act and other states including Connecticut, Arkansas, and Nebraska have increased enforcement. 19 We cannot predict whether any of the above efforts will be successful, challenged, upheld, vacated, or preempted, or how new legislation and regulations, if any, would affect our business. Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 91,900 active full-time equivalent employees. The vast majority of our employees sell or service our products. We believe that attracting, developing and retaining our highly-skilled 100% U.S.-based employees is critical to successfully executing our operating strategy. With competitive wages, robust and affordable healthcare benefits, a generous retirement program with company match, and opportunities for job training and advancement, our employees develop skills and expertise necessary to build a long and successful career with us. In addition, the communities we serve are reflected in our workforce, which is a critical part of our success in serving these communities. We value the unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences of our employees. Embracing these differences brings us together for the common mission of exceeding our customers needs. There are several ways in which we attract, develop, and retain highly qualified talent, including: Rewarding Our Employees Competitively and Fairly We provide compensation packages that are market competitive, taking into account the location and responsibilities of the role. All hourly employees have a starting minimum wage of at least $20 per hour, which is well above any state or federal minimum wage level. Approximately 80% of our employees are eligible for additional variable compensation based on their performance, including annual bonus eligibility for all frontline supervisors and other salaried employees not already on a sales commission or bonus plan. We provide high-quality, comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage for all full-time and part-time employees. It is our priority to keep this coverage affordable for our employees and their families, and so for the last 13 years, we have absorbed the full premium cost increase for medical, dental, and vision coverage. We provide competitive financial benefits to all employees such as a 401(k) Plan with a dollar-for-dollar company match up to 6% of their eligible pay. Most of our employees are also eligible to receive an additional non-elective contribution to a Retirement Accumulation Plan equal to 3% of their eligible pay. In addition, in 2025, we introduced a new employee stock purchase plan that gives eligible employees the option to purchase Charter Class A common stock and receive a matching grant of restricted stock units that increase based on tenure. We have a stock incentive plan and grant equity awards to eligible employees on an annual basis. Developing Our Workforce to Deliver the Best in Customer Experience The substantial skills, experience and industry knowledge of our employees and our training of our customer-facing employees benefit our operations and performance. We offer thousands of learning experiences spanning leadership development, new hire, and professional skills training both online and in the classroom. We offer a tuition-free degree and certificate program, removing the financial barrier for employees to continue their education through convenient online learning. We also provide traditional tuition reimbursement of up to $10,000 per year for employees who want to pursue other outside programs. Most of our customer-facing roles have the opportunity for upward advancement including through supervisory and leadership roles. Our Field Operations organization has a formalized self-progression structure where employees who maintain exceptional levels of performance can complete online coursework to advance to next level within their job family. Our Broadband Technician Apprenticeship Program is one of our promising strategies for building our skilled workforce. This program, certified by the U.S. Department of Labor, is aligned with our broadband technician career progression and includes thousands of hours of on-the-job training along with classroom instruction. When enrolled employees complete the program, they become certified broadband technicians. We conduct annual talent planning to review the overall performance of our leaders and their potential to serve in larger, more complex roles. Executive leadership reviews the results of talent conversations, which open possibilities for career growth opportunities and cross-organizational movement. 20 Item 1A. Risk Factors. Risks Related to Our Business We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and has become more so in recent years. In some instances, we compete against companies with fewer regulatory burdens, better access to financing and greater and more favorable brand name recognition. Increasing consolidation in the telecommunications and content industries have provided additional benefits to certain of our competitors, either through access to financing, resources, or efficiencies of scale including the ability to launch new products and services. Our Internet service faces competition from other companies FTTH, cell phone home Internet service, Internet delivered via satellite and DSL services. Various operators offer wireless Internet services delivered over networks which they continue to enhance to deliver faster speeds and also continue to expand 5G mobile services as they seek to offer converged connectivity services similar to ours. Our mobile and voice services compete with wireless and wireline phone providers, as well as other forms of communication, such as text, instant messaging, social networking services, video conferencing and email. Competition from these companies, including intensive marketing efforts with aggressive pricing, may have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain customers. Our video service faces competition from a number of sources, including DBS services, and companies that deliver linear network programming, movies and television shows on demand and other video content over broadband Internet connections to televisions, computers, tablets and mobile devices often with password sharing among multiple users and securit