=== O_2026-03-25.htm.gz ===
o-20260325 0000726728 DEF 14A FALSE iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares 0000726728 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0000726728 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0000726728 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0000726728 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0000726728 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 ecd:DvddsOrOthrErngsPdOnEqtyAwrdsNtOthrwsRflctdInTtlCompForCvrdYrMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0000726728 6 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.) Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material under 240.14a-12 REALTY INCOME CORPORATION (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): No fee required. Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. March 25, 2026 Dear Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Realty Income Corporation ( Realty Income, the Company, we, our, or us ) to be held virtually at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time, on May 21, 2026. You can attend the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/realty2026 by using the control number that appears on your proxy card and the instructions provided as part of your Proxy Materials. Stockholders may submit questions during the Annual Meeting through the meeting website. The items of business that will be reviewed at the Annual Meeting are described in the Notice of the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement. Realty Income achieved another strong year of steady operating results in 2025. Since our public listing in 1994, we have remained committed to delivering dependable monthly dividends that grow over time, supported by the durable cash flows generated through our long-term net lease strategy. We paid 12 monthly dividends in 2025, and stockholders realized a 2.9% increase in the amount of dividends paid per share. Net income per share increased from $0.98 to $1.17, and we grew Adjusted Funds From Operations ( AFFO ) per share by 2.1% to a record $4.28, representing our 15 th consecutive year of AFFO per share growth. T o support our growing investment activity while diversifying our sources of capital, we successfully launched our inaugural open-end, perpetual life fund in 2025, raising $1.5 billion in total commitments through year-end. We also announced an $800 million perpetual preferred equity investment in CityCenter Las Vegas in partnership with Blackstone Real Estate. In total, the Company completed $6.2 billion of investment volume at our pro-rata share at an initial weighted average cash yield of 7.3% in 2025. We continued to grow our presence internationally, with approximately 60% of our investment activity taking place in the U.K. and Europe. We continued to maintain an investment-grade balance sheet, ending the year with a fixed charge coverage ratio of 4.7x, Net Debt-to-Annualized Pro Forma Adjusted EBITDAre of 5.4x and total available liquidity at our pro-rata share of $4.1 billion . Our portfolio s operational metrics remain strong, as we ended the year with a healthy occupancy rate of 98.9%. Our business model, defined by long duration leases, diversified and high quality tenants, and predictable cash flows, is intended to provide resilience through periods of volatility while preserving the flexibility to act decisively when conditions are favorable. A strong balance sheet, ample liquidity, and differentiated access to both public and private capital allow us to remain creative, selective, and opportunistic in our capital deployment. Finally, we were pleased to welcome Kim Hourihan to our Board of Directors in October 2025. Kim s leadership experience at top-tier global investment firms and, in particular, her deep private fund management expertise, will continue to be incredibly valuable as we remain committed to diversifying our sources of capital. We encourage you to review the information contained in the Proxy Statement. It is meant to provide an overview of our achievements during the year, including information on our compensation program and corporate governance practices. After your review, we hope you will vote in accordance with the Board of Directors recommendations. Your vote is important to us, and we appreciate your continued support. Sincerely, Sumit Roy President, Chief Executive Officer, and Member of the Board of Directors 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income i Table of Contents NOTICE OF THE 2026 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting ) of Realty Income Corporation, a Maryland corporation ( Realty Income, the Company, we, our, or us ), will be held as follows: MEETING INFORMATION DATE Thursday , May 21, 2026 TIME 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time RECORD DATE You may vote if you were a holder of record of shares of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share, at the close of business on March 2, 2026 VIRTUAL MEETING ACCESS Vote your shares at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/realty2026 on May 21, 2026 ITEMS OF BUSINESS 1 The election of eleven director nominees named in this Proxy Statement to serve until the 2027 annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. 2 The ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. 3 A non-binding advisory proposal to approve the compensation of our named executive officers as described in this Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement following this Notice describes these matters in detail. We have not received other proposals that are expected to be presented at the Annual Meeting. During the Annual Meeting, management will report on the current activities of the Company and comment on its future plans. Stockholders will be able to vote electronically and submit questions electronically both before and during the meeting. All presentation materials shared at the Annual Meeting will be made available in the Investors section of our website at www.realtyincome.com. ii Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Notice of Annual Meeting PROXY VOTING Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to participate in our virtual Annual Meeting, we urge you to submit your proxy as soon as possible to ensure your shares are represented and voted at the Annual Meeting. You may authorize a proxy to vote your shares by telephone, via the Internet, or if you have received and/or requested paper copies of our Proxy Materials by mail by signing, dating, and returning the proxy card in the envelope provided. If you participate in our virtual Annual Meeting, you may, if you wish, vote your shares (or withdraw your proxy) at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/realty2026. No person is authorized to make any representation with respect to the matters described in this Proxy Statement other than those contained herein, and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us or any other person. You are encouraged to read this Proxy Statement in its entirety before voting or authorizing a proxy to vote on your behalf. By Order of the Board of Directors, Michelle Bushore Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Secretary March 25, 2026 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting to be Held on May 21, 2026. This Proxy Statement and our 2025 Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, please carefully read the proxy statement and other proxy materials and authorize a proxy to vote your shares as soon as possible. You may authorize your proxy by telephone, over the Internet, or by mail by completing your proxy card, even if you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting. If you received a Notice of Availability of Proxy Materials, you may also request a paper or an e-mail copy of our proxy materials and a paper proxy card at any time. If you virtually attend the Annual Meeting, you may vote at the meeting if you wish, even if you previously have submitted your proxy. Client Names, Logos and Photos Realty Income is not affiliated or associated with, is not endorsed by, does not endorse, and is not sponsored by or a sponsor of the clients or of their products or services pictured or mentioned. The names, logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of their respective companies. 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income iii TABLE OF CONTENTS Proxy Summary 1 Proposals 10 Proposal 1 Election of Directors 10 Proposal 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 19 Proposal 3 Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of o ur Named Executive Officers 20 Corporate Governance 22 Committees of the Board 22 Director Selection Process 27 Board Role in Risk Oversight 29 Director Compensation 34 Information about our Executive Officers 37 Executive Compensation 38 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 38 Compensation and Talent Committee Report 59 Compensation Tables 60 Summary Compensation Table 60 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table 62 Outstanding Equity Awards Table 64 Stock Vested Table 65 Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 65 Pay Versus Performance Table 70 CEO Pay Ratio 73 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 74 Related Party Transactions 75 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 76 Equity Compensation Plan Information as of December 31, 2025 78 Audit-Related Matters 79 Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 80 Pre-approval Policies and Procedures 80 Audit Committee Report 81 Frequently Asked Questions 82 Stockholder Proposals for our 2027 Annual Meeting 88 Forward-Looking Statements 89 Householding of Proxy Materials 90 Incorporation by Reference 91 Appendix A A- 1 iv Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROXY SUMMARY The Board of Directors (or, the Board ) of Realty Income Corporation, a Maryland corporation ( Realty Income, the Company, we, our, or us ), is soliciting proxies for its 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and any postponement or adjournment thereof (the Annual Meeting ). This Proxy Summary provides an overview of the proposals to be considered and voted on at the Annual Meeting and of the information contained in the Proxy Statement, but does not contain all of the information that should be considered before voting. We encourage you to read the Proxy Statement in its entirety before voting. MEETING INFORMATION DATE Thursday , May 21, 2026 TIME 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time RECORD DATE You may vote if you were a holder of record of shares of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share, at the close of business on March 2, 2026. PLACE To attend the virtual Annual Meeting, log in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/realty2026. HOW TO VOTE On or about March 25, 2026, the Notice of the Annual Meeting, Proxy Statement, proxy card, and 2025 Annual Report (collectively, the Proxy Materials ) will be either mailed or made available over the Internet to our stockholders of record as of the close of business on the record date. Some of our stockholders will be mailed a Notice of Availability of Proxy Materials, which contains instructions on how to request and receive a paper or e-mail copy of our Proxy Materials. We encourage you to vote your shares prior to the Annual Meeting. You may vote by telephone, over the Internet, or by mail by completing and mailing your proxy card, even if you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting. All methods of communication will provide stockholders with instructions on how to vote or authorize a proxy to vote using any of the following methods: BY INTERNET www.proxyvote.com 24/7 through May 20, 2026 BY TOLL-FREE TELEPHONE 1-800-690-6903 24/7 through May 20, 2026 BY MAIL Request, complete and return a proxy card by pre-paid mail VIRTUAL MEETING ACCESS Vote your shares at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/realty2026 on May 21, 2026 This Proxy Statement and our 2025 Annual Report are available in the Investors section of our website at www.realtyincome.com. You may also view the Proxy Materials at www.proxyvote.com prior to the day of the virtual Annual Meeting or at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/realty2026 on the day of and during the virtual Annual Meeting by using the control number provided to you either on your proxy card, in your e-mailed Proxy Materials, or on your Notice of Availability of Proxy Materials. We encourage you to access and review all of the information contained in the Proxy Materials before voting. Beneficial Stockholders: If your shares of common stock are held through a bank, broker or other holder of record, please follow the instructions you receive from your bank, broker or other nominee on how to vote your shares at our Annual Meeting. Since a beneficial owner is not the stockholder of record, you may not vote these shares online at our Annual Meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from the bank, broker or other holder of record that holds your shares, giving you the right to vote the shares at the Annual Meeting. Obtaining a legal proxy may take several days. 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 1 Proxy Summary Table of Contents PROPOSAL GUIDE PROPOSAL PAGE VOTE RECOMMENDATION 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our Board of Directors believes that the eleven director nominees named herein contribute to the breadth and diversity of knowledge and experience needed for the advancement of our business strategies and objectives. 10 FOR 2 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors has appointed KPMG LLP ( KPMG ) as the independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026, and requests stockholders to ratify the appointment. 19 FOR 3 ADVISORY VOTE TO APPROVE THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Our Board of Directors believes our compensation program is appropriately structured to reward our named executive officers (or, NEO ) for the continued performance of the Company, encourage a disciplined approach to management, and maintain focus on the creation of long-term value for our stockholders. 20 FOR DIRECTOR NOMINEES Based on the recommendation of our Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, our Board of Directors has nominated the following eleven directors for election at the Annual Meeting, each to serve until our annual meeting of stockholders in 2027 or until their respective successors have been duly elected and qualified: Director Name Age Director since Independent Audit Committee Compensation and Talent Committee Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Michael D. McKee (1) 80 1994 Priscilla Almodovar 58 2021 A. Larry Chapman 79 2012 Reginald H. Gilyard 62 2018 Mary Hogan Preusse 57 2021 Kim Hourihan 60 2025 Priya Cherian Huskins 54 2007 Jeff Jacobson 64 2024 Gerardo I. Lopez 66 2018 Gregory T. McLaughlin 66 2007 Sumit Roy 56 2018 Committee Member Committee Chair 1. Non-Executive Independent Chairman of the Board of Directors. For more information regarding our nominees, please see the Corporate Governance section of this Proxy Statement beginning on page 22 . 2 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proxy Summary PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS 2025 was a year of strong operating performance for Realty Income. We realized a 2.9% increase in the amount of dividends paid per share, generated net income per share of $1.17, grew AFFO per share to $4.28, and achieved total investment volume of $6.3 billion. All per share amounts in this Proxy Statement are on a diluted per common share basis unless stated otherwise. Dividend per Share Growth AFFO per Share +2.9% $4.28 We continue to deliver a consistent dividend track record, including a 4.2% compound annual growth rate since our 1994 NYSE listing, 133 monthly dividend increases since our 1994 NYSE listing, and 666 consecutive monthly dividends declared as of December 2025. As of December 31, 2025, our total shareholder return, assuming reinvestment of dividends, was 12.2%, outperforming the Financial Times Stock Exchange ( FTSE ) Nareit Equity REITs Index, which had a TSR of 2.3%. During 2025, we completed $6.3 billion of investment volume at an initial weighted average cash yield of 7.3%. We continued to expand our international footprint, with 60% of our investment volume being in the U.K. and Europe, while also entering new international markets, including Poland and the Netherlands, in 2025. To support our growing investment activity while diversifying our sources of capital, we successfully launched our inaugural perpetual life open-end fund in 2025, raising $1.5 billion in total commitments through year-end. We also announced an $800 million preferred equity investment in CityCenter Las Vegas in partnership with Blackstone Real Estate. Further, we raised approximately $2.4 billion of equity capital over the course of the year, and we issued $2.9 billion of fixed-rate unsecured bonds during 2025. We maintained an industry-leading balance sheet, ending the year with a fixed charge coverage ratio of 4.7x, Net Debt to Annualized Pro Forma Adjusted EBITDA re of 5.4x, and total available liquidity at our pro-rata share of $4.1 billion. Our portfolio operating metrics remained healthy, as we finished the year with an occupancy rate of 98.9% , and achieved a recapture rate on properties re-leased during the year of 103.9%. Total Investments Occupancy by Property $6.3B 98.9% Over a three-year period from 2023 to 2025, we saw net income per share on a fully diluted basis decrease from $1.26 per share to $1.17 per share, primarily as a result of an increase in equity capital issued over the three-year period, as well as an increase in impairments on real estate properties and credit losses recognized on financing receivables. Our 2025 AFFO per share was an annual record at $4.28 per share, representing our 15th consecutive year of AFFO per share growth. We achieved positive AFFO per share growth of 7.0% from 2023 to 2025, increasing to $4.28 per share from $4.00 per share, which has enabled us to continue to pay dependable monthly dividends that increase over time. 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 3 Proxy Summary Table of Contents Net Income and AFFO (per share) (1) g Net Income g AFFO Dividends Paid (per share) 1. AFFO is a non-GAAP measure. AFFO is adjusted for unique revenue and expense items, which management believes are not pertinent to the measurement of our ongoing operating performance. For a reconciliation of AFFO per share to net income available to common stockholders per share, see Appendix A on page A- 1 of this Proxy Statement. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION HIGHLIGHTS We believe our performance demonstrates the effectiveness, over time, of the execution of our strategic business plan and the alignment of our compensation program with our philosophy to reward executives for enhancing long-term stockholder value. Our compensation program focuses on pay-for-performance principles that are linked to short-term and long-term financial, operational, and relative total shareholder return ( TSR ) metrics. In 2025, we continued to receive favorable say-on-pay approval results with 93.0% of the votes cast on the proposal voting to approve. The following are the two primary components of the 2025 incentive compensation program: Short-Term Incentive Program (STIP) Long-Term Incentive Program (LTIP) Variable cash award based on the achievement of short-term operating and financial goals, as well as individual performance goals Equity compensation based on the achievement of long-term relative TSR performance as well as financial goals over a three-year period, and time-based restricted shares that vest over a four-year period The majority of the compensation awarded under our programs is at-risk, which includes our Short-Term Incentive Program cash awards and the performance shares awarded under our Long-Term Incentive Program. Approximately 74% of our CEO s total target direct compensation for the 2025 performance year consisted of compensation that was at-risk based on the achievement of certain performance metrics. Salary and time-based equity awards made up the remaining 26% of our CEO s compensation. CEO Compensation Mix 4 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proxy Summary OUR BUSINESS PHILOSOPHY Realty Income is real estate partner to the world s leading companies . Founded in 1969, we serve our clients as a full-service real estate capital provider. Known as The Monthly Dividend Company , our mission is to invest in people and places to deliver dependable monthly dividends that increase over time. We seek to achieve this through a diversified portfolio of high quality commercial real estate under long term net lease agreements, designed to generate consistent and predictable income while delivering favorable long term risk adjusted returns for our stockholders. Our business model is built on diversification by client, industry, geography, and property type, supported by disciplined underwriting and active portfolio management. We focus on owning properties leased to industry leading clients that operate essential and service oriented businesses, which we believe positions our portfolio to perform across economic cycles. In addition to creating value for stockholders, we believe this strategy benefits all stakeholders, including our employees, clients, lenders, and the communities in which we operate. We prioritize building long term, mutually beneficial relationships with our clients and other stakeholders. Our collaborative One Team approach emphasizes close coordination across departments to support client success, which we believe is fundamental to our own success. Long standing relationships, combined with continuous engagement with industry participants, provide insight into evolving business needs and emerging opportunities. Over time, we intend to grow earnings and dividends through a combination of organic growth, disciplined acquisitions, and selective expansion into new businesses and industries, while maintaining a conservative risk profile. Our international expansion reflects this deliberate approach, as we apply the same underwriting standards, asset selection criteria, and risk management practices used in the United States. We also continue to explore additional growth initiatives, and we intend to evaluate other opportunities to raise private capital in the future. This includes potentially through additional funds and/or joint venture opportunities, where we believe our scale, reputation, and access to proprietary data can provide a competitive advantage. Our size, scale, and access to global capital markets are key differentiators. We believe our industry leading balance sheet and lower cost of capital enable us to pursue attractive investment opportunities and execute larger, more complex transactions than many peers. We further enhance our competitive position through investments in predictive analytics, which support underwriting, portfolio management, and risk assessment. Active asset management is central to our strategy. We seek to create and preserve value through proactive leasing, re leasing, development, and selective disposition activities, informed by ongoing monitoring of client performance, property level fundamentals, and local market conditions. Our portfolio of over 15,500 properties provides a substantial base of proprietary data that supports informed decision making. Our long term focus is to deliver consistent growth, dependable monthly dividends, and attractive risk adjusted returns, while maintaining financial flexibility and operational discipline. This philosophy has guided our strategy for decades and continues to underpin our approach to value creation for stockholders. STRATEGIC PLANNING Our goal is to continue managing the Company in a manner that supports sustainable, long-term value creation for our stockholders. The Board of Directors reviews and discusses the Company s strategy during its Board meetings which allows the Board to assess and evaluate opportunities and risks, positioning the Company for the future. Our named executive officers and members of senior management engage with the Board on a myriad of topics impacting the Company, including the global macroeconomic and political landscape, regulatory reporting, sustainability considerations, and tools that can inform the Company s investment strategy such as artificial intelligence and predictive analytics. From time to time, experts on various topics are invited to the discussions to challenge thinking and invite healthy discourse. We also support management s and directors participation at various conferences and speaking engagements in order to introduce new topics and materials for discussion and further broaden long-term views on the business. We will continue to incorporate similar strategic reviews in our Board of Directors meetings and strive to stay proactive in responding to emerging trends by adjusting our strategy as needed. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS We remain committed to managing the Company for the benefit of our stockholders and maintaining good corporate governance practices. We continue to maintain the following corporate governance practices to enhance our reputation for integrity and serving our stockholders responsibly: 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 5 Proxy Summary Table of Contents All directors, with the exception of our CEO, are independent, and all Board committee members are independent. We have a Chairman of the Board who is separate from and independent of our Chief Executive Officer. All directors are subject to annual election with a majority voting standard in uncontested elections. Our directors, officers, and employees are subject to a Code of Business Ethics and an insider trading policy. Our Board of Directors focuses on board refreshment and recruitment, with four of our directors having been appointed since 2021. We annually submit our executive compensation to a say-on-pay advisory vote by our stockholders. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our directors may not sit on more than five public company boards (including our Board), or, to the extent a director is a chairman or lead independent director of a public company board, then not more than four public company boards (including our Board). Anonymous reporting is available through our whistleblower hotline, which is tested annually and reported quarterly to our Audit Committee or Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, as appropriate. Our Bylaws permit stockholders to request the calling of a special meeting and include market-standard proxy access nominating provisions. An Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) evaluation is conducted annually to identify and assess Company risk. SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITY Environmental Responsibility We remain committed to sustainable business practices and encourage a culture of environmental responsibility within the Company and our communities. As a net lease REIT, most of our environmental impacts, including the greenhouse gas emissions of our portfolio, are generated by our clients, as tenants, across our portfolio of properties, which are primarily leased to commercial clients under long-term net lease agreements. Therefore, we do not have operational control over, nor do we generally have direct access to energy, water, waste, and emissions data from our clients. However, we foster relationships with our clients and value chain to promote environmental stewardship and, where we have operational control, continue to drive emissions reduction and positive impact. Where possible, we have leveraged our size and business relationships to expand our client engagement to help us achieve our sustainability objectives. Key elements of our sustainability practices include our efforts to operate green-certified and energy-efficient buildings while offering sustainability-focused initiatives, engaging with clients regarding environmental goals, and enhancing our monitoring and understanding of building performance with operational data, global compliance matters, and climate-related risks. Social Responsibility and Human Capital Our most valuable asset is our people. We believe that prioritizing the growth and development of our employees and the well-being of our communities is important to long-term value creation, business continuity, and corporate success. Our commitment to our employees includes developing and investing in our employees training and development, recruiting local talent, providing internship opportunities, and soliciting regular engagement surveys. Additionally, we provide compensation and benefit packages that we believe are competitive with those of our peers and talent competitors and are fair among employees with similar job functions and work conditions, while rewarding long-term commitment. Our Injury and Illness Prevention Program helps us meet our goal of maintaining a safe and healthy working environment for our employees by focusing on ensuring the health and safety of our workforce through our injury and illness prevention program. 6 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proxy Summary Our O verall Wellbeing Program provides opportunities for our people to participate in various in-person and virtual activities and educational programs to enhance their personal and professional lives. Our wellbeing model is to engage employees across five key pillars of wellness: purpose, social connection, financial health, community engagement, and physical wellness. We support work-life fulfillment and integration by offering flexible work schedules, access to discounted fitness programs, an on-site fitness center, on-site dry-cleaning pickup, car wash services, paid family leave, generous parental leave, on-site lactation rooms, and an infant-at-work program for new parents. Employees also have access to a robust employee assistance program, among other programs and services. Governance We are committed to maintaining good corporate governance. As it relates to sustainability, our Board is briefed on sustainability performance and disclosures and plays an active role in assessing risks and identifying opportunities for building a more resilient portfolio. In addition, an ERM evaluation is conducted annually to identify and assess our risks, including climate-related risks. Our Board s Compensation and Talent Committee s annual compensation reviews for our executive officers also include discussions of sustainability matters. For additional information on our governance practices, please see the Corporate Governance section of this proxy statement. Business Impact and Sustainability Report Our previous Business Impact and Sustainability Reports are available in the Sustainability section of our corporate website at www.realtyincome.com. We encourage our stockholders to review our Business Impact and Sustainability Reports to better understand the significant emphasis we place on all of our corporate responsibility initiatives. The Business Impact and Sustainability Reports are not incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. (1) EEO-1 Report Our EEO-1 Report, which is a report filed with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and presents workforce data from employers with more than 100 U.S. employees, is available in the Social Responsibility section of our website at www.realtyincome.com. The EEO-1 Report and website are not incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. We are continuing to build enduring relationships and brighter financial futures through continuously renewing our connection with the community. We serve others and support nonprofits whose aim is to improve and uplift our communities. We encourage our employees to give back to where we live and work by volunteering time and making financial donations. During 2025, we took many actions to support, build, and improve our community, including continuing programs that enable and encourage employees to volunteer at nonprofits during business hours, financially matching certain nonprofit donations by employees, and making corporate donations to various nonprofits. STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT At Realty Income, we recognize that continuous engagement with our stockholders is essential to understanding their priorities and ensuring best practices are maintained across our business. Through an open and ongoing dialogue with stockholders, we ensure that diverse perspectives are considered in our decision-making process. Outreach and Engagement: In 2025, we engaged with shareholders of approximately 61% of our common stock, representing approximately 110 individual firms, to provide business updates and request meetings for further discussion. These discussions covered a broad range of topics, including business and sustainability-related matters, notably executive compensation, composition and structure of our Board, and company culture. In line with our commitment to continued dialogue, Realty Income s Investor Relations team will proactively reach out to the governance teams of our top 20 largest shareholders to offer time to discuss key topics and gather feedback ahead of our 2026 Annual Meeting. Evaluate and Respond: We provide periodic updates to the Board of Directors and relevant committees on the outcomes of our shareholder outreach efforts. 1 Our Business Impact and Sustainability Reports will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 7 Proxy Summary Table of Contents We carefully consider stockholder input regarding our current and proposed governance practices, as well as public disclosures. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee actively oversees our sustainability initiatives and strategies. We continue to enhance our sustainability initiatives and disclosures. We continuously evaluate the structure and composition of our Board. Please see the Stockholder Engagement section of this Proxy Statement on page 32 for additional information on our outreach efforts. 8 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Proposals to be voted on at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Proposal One Election of Directors Proposal Two Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Proposal Three Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of our Named Executive Officers Table of Contents PROPOSAL ONE Election of Directors We believe that our eleven director nominees contribute to the breadth of knowledge and experience necessary for the advancement of our business strategies and objectives. DIRECTOR NOMINEES The Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, has nominated the below eleven current directors for election at the Annual Meeting, each to serve for a one-year term expiring at our annual meeting of stockholders in 2027 or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. The information presented below highlights what led our Board of Directors to the conclusion that each nominee should serve as a director. We believe that all of our director nominees have a reputation for integrity, honesty, and adherence to high ethical standards. Each of our director nominees has demonstrated business acumen and an ability to exercise sound judgment, as well as a commitment of service to Realty Income and our Board of Directors. We also value the additional perspective that comes from serving on other companies boards of directors and board committees. We continue to review the composition of the Board of Directors in an effort to assemble a group that can best perpetuate the success of the business and represent stockholder interests using its diversity of experience in various areas. Further, directors are not automatically re-nominated annually. Rather, on an annual basis, in making a recommendation to the Board in connection with a director s nomination for election to the Board, the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee reviews each candidate s: (i) business and professional background, including any changes, (ii) contributions to the Board, (iii) skill sets and expertise, (iv) understanding of applicable laws and regulations and other elements thought to be relevant to the success of the Company, (v) time constraints including other board service, (vi) tenure with the Board, (vii) differences of perspectives and background, and (viii) independence, including any potential conflict of interests or related party transactions with the Company or its affiliates in relation to such individual s qualification as a corporate director. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee formulates its recommendation on each individual candidate in the context of the Board as a whole, including taking into consideration feedback from the Board s most recent evaluation. 10 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proposal One The following chart highlights the specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills of our Board members standing for re-election based on their education and prior experience. We believe the combination of the skills and qualifications shown below demonstrates how our Board is well positioned to provide strategic advice and effective oversight to our management. More detail is provided in each director nominee s biography below. Skill (1) Governance Guidelines Criteria Independent Senior Leadership Experience Experience serving as chief executive officer, president, board or committee chair, or in a similar leadership position at a large company or organization. Global Exposure Broad exposure to companies or organizations that have an international presence, including developing and managing business in international markets. Board/Corporate Governance Experience Familiarity with corporate governance matters including charters and corporate compliance and ethics programs; knowledge and understanding of governance planning, implementation and review processes; or experience in encouraging management accountability and protecting stockholder interests. Accounting Financial Expertise Experience in corporate accounting or financial reporting, including understanding of internal controls; experience in overseeing financial reporting and controls. Investment Management Experience in enhancing acquisitions in existing markets and developing new markets for growth; knowledge and understanding of business development, strategic planning, implementation, and review processes. Capital Allocation and Finance Experience in making capital allocation decisions; experience in financing or capital markets transactions. Strategic Planning Experience in leading corporate strategy discussions at the board level; experience with developing and implementing strategies for growth and optimization, including mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, funds, and divestitures; experience with setting a strategic agenda. Risk Management Experience in the management of critical business and legal risks; understanding of risk management functions, including risk profiles and tolerance statements, scenario planning, crisis management, risk identification and classification; history of leadership roles in risk management; ability to assess risk strategically across corporate functions; ability to provide oversight and advice relating to risk management. Human Capital Management Broad experience in executive development, performance, and compensation; experience with human capital strategies and efforts to attract, motivate, and retain candidates for key positions; experience in talent development, including developing inclusion in the workforce. Business Impact Sustainability Experience in overseeing and managing business impact and sustainability practices and initiatives; skills and knowledge in sustainability-related strategic planning, risk mitigation, and management; ability to provide oversight and advice relating to sustainability-related risks. Technology Knowledge of IT and artificial intelligence solutions for key corporate functions; experience in overseeing the implementation of such IT solutions and using such solutions to improve business performance; experience with social media and online platforms; experience in overseeing and managing cybersecurity and data privacy risks; history of leadership roles in cyber risk management; and degrees, certifications, or other background in cybersecurity. Real Estate Experience in the real estate industry; perspective and knowledge of industry-related information, including insights into the industry s challenges and opportunities and experience to operate within and through economic cycles. 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 11 Proposal One Table of Contents Skill (1) Demographics Female (2) Under-represented Community (3) Veteran (4) Tenure (years) (5) 32 4 14 8 4 0 18 2 8 19 8 Average Tenure (years): 11 Age (5) 80 58 79 62 57 60 54 64 66 66 56 Average Age: 64 1. Descriptions are general and illustrative in nature. Our Board maintains flexibility to interpret the descriptions at its discretion. 2. Based on each director s self-identification. 3. Based on each director s self-identification. We define a member of under-represented communities as an individual who self-identifies as Black, African American, Hispanic, Latino, Asian (inclusive of individuals who self-identify as South Asian or Indian), Pacific Islander, Native American, Native Hawaiian, or Alaska Native, or who self-identifies as gay, lesbian, bisexual, or transgender. 4. Based on each director s self-identification. 5. Tenure and age are reported as of March 25, 2026. Board Independence Our Board of Directors has determined that each of our current directors and nominees, except for Mr. Roy, has no material relationship with us (either directly or indirectly through an immediate family member or as a partner, stockholder, or officer of an organization that has a relationship with us) and is independent within the meaning of our director independence standards and NYSE director independence standards. Our Board of Directors established and employed categorical standards, which mirror NYSE independence requirements, in determining whether a relationship is material and thus would disqualify a director from being independent. Non-Executive Independent Chairman of the Board The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee evaluates the Board of Directors leadership structure. Since 1997, the positions of Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO have been separate in recognition of the differences between the two roles. Mr. McKee serves as our Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and presides as lead independent director, while Mr. Roy serves as our CEO. The Board of Directors believes this is the most appropriate structure because it enables the independent directors to participate meaningfully in the leadership of our Board of Directors while utilizing most efficiently the leadership skills of both Messrs. McKee and Roy. In addition, separating the roles of Non-Executive Chairman and CEO allows our Non-Executive Chairman to serve as a liaison between the Board of Directors and executive management, while providing our CEO with the flexibility and focus needed to oversee our operations. 12 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proposal One Michael D. McKee EXPERIENCE Michael D. McKee has been a Principal of The Contrarian Group since March 2018. Mr. McKee previously served as Executive Chairman of HCP, Inc. (n/k/a Healthpeak Properties (NYSE: DOC)) from May 2016 to March 2018, Chief Executive Officer of Bentall Kennedy (U.S.), a registered real estate investment advisor from February 2010 to April 2016, and was the Vice Chairman from 1999 to 2008 and the Chief Executive Officer from 2007 to 2008 of The Irvine Company, a privately-held real estate investment company, as well as its Chief Operating Officer from 2001 to 2007, Chief Financial Officer from 1997 to 2001, and Executive Vice President from 1994 to 1999. Prior to joining The Irvine Company, Mr. McKee was a partner in the law firm of Latham Watkins from 1986 to 1994. Through each of these positions, Mr. McKee has obtained extensive real estate experience and provides valuable insight and expertise to the Board and our senior management team. He served on the board of directors of HCP, Inc. from 1989 to April 2018, Bentall Kennedy (U.S.) from 2008 to 2012, The Irvine Company from 1998 to 2008, the Hoag Hospital Foundation from 1999 to 2008, and Seattle Pacific University from 2017 to 2022. He has served on the board of directors of First American Financial Corporation (NYSE: FAF) since 2011, and the Tiger Woods Foundation since 2006. Mr. McKee holds a Juris Doctorate degree from the UCLA School of Law, a Master of Arts degree from the University of Southern California, and a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology from Azusa Pacific University. QUALIFICATIONS Mr. McKee s business and legal experience includes numerous acquisition and disposition transactions, as well as a variety of public and private offerings of equity and debt securities. Additionally, he has been exposed to various compliance issues as they relate to REITs. With his knowledge of the complex issues facing real estate companies today and his understanding of what makes businesses work effectively and efficiently, Mr. McKee provides valuable insight to our Board of Directors. Age: 80 Director Since: 1994 Non-Executive Chairman Since: 2012 Committees: Nominating/Corporate Governance Independent: Yes Priscilla Almodovar EXPERIENCE From December 2022 to October 2025, Priscilla Almodovar served as President and Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Federal National Mortgage Association ( Fannie Mae ), Ms. Almodovar held the position of President and Chief Executive Officer of Enterprise Community Partners, a national affordable housing investment platform, from September 2019 to November 2022. Prior to that, Ms. Almodovar held the position of Managing Director at JPMorgan Chase from January 2010 to September 2019, where she led its national real estate businesses which focused on commercial real estate and community development. From 2006 to 2009, she served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the New York State Housing Finance Agency/State of New York Mortgage Agency. From 1990 to 2004, Ms. Almodovar was an equity partner at a global law firm, White Case LLP, where she became a partner in 1998 and specialized in international project finance. Ms. Almodovar has served on the board of directors of Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ: FITB) since January 2026. Ms. Almodovar previously served as a director of VEREIT, Inc. from February 2021 through the closing of its merger with the Company in November 2021. Ms. Almodovar holds a Juris Doctorate degree from Columbia University School of Law and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Hofstra University. QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Almodovar offers a valuable and knowledgeable perspective with her operating experience, financial expertise and tenure in the real estate and legal industries. She has excelled in her career in executive roles across private, public, and nonprofit companies, bringing diverse experience and insights on operations, enterprise risk management and corporate social responsibility. Age: 58 Director Since: 2021 Committees: Audit (Chair) Independent: Yes 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 13 Proposal One Table of Contents A. Larry Chapman EXPERIENCE A. Larry Chapman is a retired 37-year veteran of Wells Fargo, having served as Executive Vice President and the Head of Commercial Real Estate from 2006 until his retirement in June 2011, and as a member of the Wells Fargo Management Committee. Mr. Chapman joined Wells Fargo in 1974 in its Houston Real Estate office. In 1987, he was promoted to President of Wells Fargo Realty Advisors, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wells Fargo Co. The subsidiary s primary responsibility was managing Wells Fargo Mortgage and Equity Trust, which was formed in 1970 and sold in 1989. He remained President of Wells Fargo Realty Advisors until 1990 and was promoted to Group Head of the Wells Fargo Real Estate Group in 1993. Mr. Chapman managed the Wells Fargo Real Estate Group until his 2006 promotion to Executive Vice President and Head of Commercial Real Estate for Wells Fargo on a nationwide basis. Mr. Chapman is a former board member of the Fisher Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics at the University of California, Berkeley, past governor and trustee of the Urban Land Institute, former member of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( Nareit ), and member and past trustee of the International Council of Shopping Centers ( ICSC ). He served on the board of directors of CBL Associates Properties, Inc. (NYSE: CBL) from August 2013 to November 2021. Mr. Chapman is a graduate of Texas Tech University with an undergraduate degree in Finance. QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Chapman s financial acumen and extensive commercial real estate experience across many industries and tenant types provide valuable insight and expertise to the Board of Directors and our senior management team as we continue to expand our real estate portfolio. In addition, his background as a leader of a Fortune 500 company, and as a member of its management team, further enhances the quality of leadership and oversight provided by our Board of Directors. Age: 79 Director Since: 2012 Committees: Audit Independent: Yes Reginald H. Gilyard EXPERIENCE Reginald H. Gilyard is a Senior Advisor at the Boston Consulting Group, Inc. ( BCG ) where he is a recognized leader in strategy development and execution and has served in this role since 2017. Prior to this role, Mr. Gilyard served as Dean of the Argyros School of Business and Economics at Chapman University from 2012 to 2017. Under Mr. Gilyard s leadership, the school significantly increased its national rankings at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Prior to joining Chapman University, from 1996 to 2012, Mr. Gilyard served as Partner and Managing Director at BCG where he led national and multi-national engagements with large corporations in strategy, mergers and acquisitions, and business transformation. Prior to BCG, Mr. Gilyard served nine years in the U.S. Air Force as a Program Manager and was then promoted to Major in the U.S. Air Force Reserves where he served for an additional three years. Mr. Gilyard has served on the board of directors and as the Chairman of the board of directors of Orion Properties Inc. (f/k/a Orion Office REIT, Inc.) (NYSE: ONL) since November 2021. He has also served on the board of directors of First American Financial Corporation (NYSE: FAF) since May 2017 and of CBRE Group Inc. (NYSE: CBRE) since November 2018. Mr. Gilyard holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School, a Master of Science degree from the United States Air Force Institute of Technology, and a Bachelor of Science degree from the United States Air Force Academy. QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Gilyard offers valuable knowledge regarding strategy development and execution, having worked with management teams and boards to develop and implement successful strategies for over 25 years. His extensive consulting experience includes leading national and multi-national strategic engagements, pre-and post-merger and acquisitions activity, and business transformation. Mr. Gilyard s skill set and experience in a broad array of industries allow him to provide diverse and valuable perspectives to our Board of Directors. Age: 62 Director Since: 2018 Committees: Nominating/Corporate Governance (Chair) Independent: Yes 14 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proposal One Mary Hogan Preusse EXPERIENCE Mary Hogan Preusse has served on the board of directors of Kimco Realty Corporation (NYSE: KIM) since February 2017, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: DLR) since May 2017, serving as the Chair of the Board since June 2023, and Host Hotels Resorts, Inc. (NASDAQ: HST) since June 2017. Since 2022, she has also been a Senior Advisor to the venture capital firm Fifth Wall. She is a member of Nareit s Advisory Board of Governors and is a recipient of that organization s Industry Achievement Award. Until her retirement in 2017, Ms. Hogan Preusse held the position of Managing Director and Co-Head of Americas Real Estate at APG Asset Management US, Inc. ( APG ), where she was responsible for managing the firm s public real estate investments in the Americas. Prior to joining APG in 2000, she spent eight years as a sell-side analyst covering the REIT sector, and she began her career at Merrill Lynch as an investment banking analyst. Ms. Hogan Preusse previously served as a director of VEREIT, Inc. from February 2017 through the closing of its merger with the Company in November 2021. Ms. Hogan Preusse holds an undergraduate degree in mathematics from Bowdoin College and is a member of Bowdoin s Board of Trustees. QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Hogan Preusse offers extensive real estate experience, capital markets knowledge, and industry leadership. Her investment expertise and experience and leadership on the boards of directors of other public companies are valued insights that she brings to the Board of Directors. Age: 57 Director Since: 2021 Committees: Compensation and Talent and Nominating/Corporate Governance Independent: Yes Kim Hourihan EXPERIENCE Kim Hourihan joined Invesco Real Estate in August 2025, where she serves as its Managing Director and Global Head of Strategy. She also currently serves as Invesco s Co-Lead Portfolio Manager of its open-end core fund, Invesco Core Real Estate. Additionally, she is a member of Invesco s North America Investment Committees as well as Invesco s Global and North America Executive Committees. Previously, Ms. Hourihan served in various chief investment officer roles with CBRE Investment Management from December 2007 to June 2025, including as the Global Chief Investment Officer, the Chief Investment Officer, CBRE Real Estate Investments, and the Chief Investment Officer, Americas Direct Real Estate Strategies and Fund Manager. Ms. Hourihan also served as the Portfolio Manager and Senior Managing Director of CBRE Investment Management from December 2007 to July 2020. Prior to CBRE Investment Management, she served as Senior Vice President at Starwood Capital Group from 2006 to 2008, Partner and Regional Director at TA Associates Realty from 2001 to 2006, and Senior Vice President at Georgetown Holdings from 1996 to 2001. Ms. Hourihan holds an M.B.A. from Harvard University and Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Boston College. QUALIFICATIONS Ms. Hourihan has over thirty years of experience in real estate investment and portfolio management. Her leadership background at top-tier global investment firms and her private fund management expertise are valued skills that she brings to the Board of Directors. Age: 60 Director Since: 2025 Committees: Compensation and Talent Independent: Yes 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 15 Proposal One Table of Contents Priya Cherian Huskins EXPERIENCE Priya Cherian Huskins currently serves as a Senior Vice President and National Director of Arthur J. Gallagher Co. ( Gallagher ), a commercial insurance brokerage firm, Gallagher having acquired Woodruff Sawyer Co. ( Woodruff Sawyer ) in 2025. Ms. Huskins had served in various positions at Woodruff Sawyer since 2003, including as a Partner and Senior Vice President. She had served on the board of directors of Woodruff Sawyer from 2016 through the time of its acquisition, including as the Presiding Director beginning in 2023. Prior to joining Woodruff Sawyer, Ms. Huskins served as a corporate and securities attorney at the law firm of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich Rosati from 1997 to 2003. She has served on the advisory board of the Stanford Rock Center for Corporate Governance since 2012 and on the board of directors of NMI Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: NMIH) since 2021. She previously served as lead independent director of Anzu SPAC I (NASDAQ: ANZUU) (n/k/a Envoy Medical, Inc. (NASDAQ: COCH)) from 2021 to 2023. She also previously served on the board of directors of the Long Term Stock Exchange from 2022 to 2025 and the Silicon Valley Directors Exchange (SVDX) from 2013 to 2018. Ms. Huskins holds a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Chicago Law School and an undergraduate degree from Harvard College. QUALIFICATIONS With her background in law, insurance, and risk management, Ms. Huskins brings a focus on these areas to our Board of Directors. As a recognized expert in directors and officers liability risk and its mitigation, Ms. Huskins provides valuable insight into our risk management strategy. In addition, she brings experience regarding corporate governance matters, including compensation best practices and ways that corporate governance can enhance stockholder value. Ms. Huskins experience makes her a valuable member of a well-rounded Board of Directors. Age: 54 Director Since: 2007 Committees: Compensation and Talent (Chair) and Nominating/Corporate Governance Independent: Yes Jeff Jacobson EXPERIENCE Mr. Jacobson is a retired Global Chief Executive Officer of LaSalle Investment Management ( LaSalle ), the real estate investment arm of Jones Lang LaSalle Inc. (NYSE: JLL), serving in such role from 2007 to 2021. Prior to this, he served as LaSalle s European Chief Executive Officer from 2000 to 2006. During the period between 1986 and 1998, Mr. Jacobson served in various positions with LaSalle. From 1998 to 2000, he served in leadership positions with Security Capital Group, Inc., a real estate holding company. Mr. Jacobson has over 35 years of real estate investment experience, including that during his tenure at LaSalle he sat on three regional investment committees in North America, Europe, and Asia. He has investment expertise in a variety of geographic markets, asset sectors, investment structures, and risk/return strategies. Since 2022, he has served on the board of directors of Cadillac Fairview Corporation, an owner, operator, investor, and developer of office, retail, multi-family residential, industrial, and mixed-use properties in North America which is wholly-owned by the Ontario Teachers Pension Plan to whom he also serves as an advisor to their global real estate investement program. Mr. Jacobson is also a Senior Adviser to The Vistria Group, a private investment firm focused on investing in essential industries, such as healthcare, financial services, and housing. Mr. Jacobson holds both a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and a Master of Arts degree from the Food Research Institute of Stanford University. QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Jacobson offers extensive real estate and executive leadership experience with global real estate companies. His investment expertise in various geographies, assets and structures and experience in evaluating growth strategies are valued insights that he brings to the Board of Directors. Age: 64 Director Since: 2024 Committees: Audit Independent: Yes 16 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proposal One Gerardo I. Lopez EXPERIENCE Gerardo I. Lopez previously served as Executive-in-Residence for Softbank Investment Advisers from October 2021 to October 2022 and as Operating Partner and Head of its Operating Group from December 2018 to October 2021. Prior to this role, Mr. Lopez was an Operating Partner at High Bluff Capital Partners, a private equity firm focused on investing in consumer-facing companies, from June 2018 to December 2018, and served as Executive Chairman of Quiznos, Inc., which is privately owned by High Bluff Capital. From August 2015 to December 2017, Mr. Lopez served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Extended Stay America, Inc. and its paired-share REIT, ESH Hospitality, Inc. (paired together as NYSE: STAY), the largest owner/operator of company-branded hotels in North America. From March 2009 to August 2015, Mr. Lopez also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: AMC), the top global theater operator, where he led the reinvention of the customer theater experience. Prior to AMC, Mr. Lopez held various positions, including Executive Vice President of Starbucks Coffee Company (NASDAQ: SBUX) and President of its Global Consumer Products, Seattle s Best Coffee and Foodservice division from September 2004 to March 2009; and President of the Handleman Entertainment Resources division of Handleman Company from November 2001 to September 2004. Mr. Lopez has also held a variety of executive management positions with International Home Foods from 1997 to 2000, PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE: PEP) from 1986 to 1996, and the Procter Gamble Company (NYSE: PG) from 1983 to 1986. Mr. Lopez has served on the board of directors of CBRE Group, Inc. (NYSE: CBRE) since October 2015, Newell Brands (NYSE: NWL) since April 2018, and MGP Ingredients Inc. (NASDAQ: MGPI) since April 2025. Mr. Lopez holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from George Washington University. QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Lopez brings extensive operational and leadership knowledge through serving as a senior executive at entertainment, hospitality, and consumer products companies. He has over 37 years of experience in marketing, sales and operations, and management of public and private companies, particularly across consumer-focused industries. Mr. Lopez adds real estate expertise and diverse board experience as an independent board member of private and public companies. The depth and breadth of his operational knowledge and leadership experience across various industries makes him a valuable contributor to our Board of Directors. Age: 66 Director Since: 2018 Committees: Compensation and Talent Independent: Yes Gregory T. McLaughlin EXPERIENCE Since 2018, Gregory T. McLaughlin has served in several important roles as the Chief Executive Officer of the PGA TOUR First Tee Foundation, a subsidiary of the PGA TOUR, Inc., World Golf Hall of Fame, and American Golf Industry Coalition. Under Mr. McLaughlin s leadership, these organizations have grown in global prominence to become among the world s top golf organizations. Most importantly, Mr. McLaughlin has served as a vital ambassador and spokesperson for the game of golf throughout the U.S. and abroad. Previously, Mr. McLaughlin served as the President of the PGA TOUR Champions and an Executive Vice President of the PGA TOUR from 2014 to 2018. Prior to joining the PGA TOUR, Mr. McLaughlin served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of TGR Live and Tiger Woods Foundation in Irvine, California from 1999 to 2014, the Vice President of Business Development of the Western Golf Association / Evans Scholars Foundation in Glenview, Illinois from 1993 to 1999, and the Vice President of Business Development of the Los Angeles Junior Chamber of Commerce in Los Angeles, California from 1988 to 1993. Mr. McLaughlin currently serves on the Executive Committee of the PGA TOUR and the board of directors of Dyehard Fan Supply, a turnkey sports retail solutions provider for America s top sporting events, venues, and brands. Mr. McLaughlin formerly served on the board of directors of Nielsen Sports from 2012 to 2014. Mr. McLaughlin holds a Juris Doctorate degree from Chicago-Kent School of Law and a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from The Ohio State University. QUALIFICATIONS As a result of his extensive business experience, Mr. McLaughlin offers a unique perspective to the Board of Directors on a variety of business, finance, and legal matters. His robust experience includes building teams, tax-exempt financing, capital raising, strategic development, and project and land development. Additionally, Mr. McLaughlin is recognized as a financial expert, especially as it relates to audit and tax matters. His proven effectiveness working with complex issues and leadership skills in managing a variety of different types of organizations make him a valued member of the Board of Directors. Age: 66 Director Since: 2007 Committees: Audit and Compensation and Talent Independent: Yes 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 17 Proposal One Table of Contents Sumit Roy EXPERIENCE Mr. Roy has been our Chief Executive Officer since October 2018, and our President since November 2015. Mr. Roy served as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer from October 2014 to October 2018, and as Chief Investment Officer from October 2013 to November 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Roy served as Executive Vice President, Acquisitions from March 2013 to October 2013, after being promoted from his prior role as Senior Vice President, Acquisitions from September 2011 to February 2013. Prior to joining us in September 2011, Mr. Roy was an Executive Director, Global Real Estate, Lodging Leisure for UBS Investment Bank. Mr. Roy has also held positions at Merrill Lynch, and at Cap Gemini Ernst Young LLP. Mr. Roy has served on the Board of Directors of Ventas, Inc. (NYSE: VTR) since October 2022. Mr. Roy has been a member of Nareit s Advisory Board of Governors since November 2020 and First Vice Chair since November 2024. Mr. Roy holds an M.B.A. in finance and economics from the University of Chicago, Booth School of Business, a master s degree in computer science from the University of Georgia, and a bachelor s degree in computer science from Georgia College State University. QUALIFICATIONS Mr. Roy brings a deep understanding of business and financial strategy, real estate, and REITs through his experience in the financial and real estate industries. Additionally, he provides insight regarding strategic planning and execution through his consulting and advisory experience. His extensive knowledge of the Company s investments and operations across all areas of the business makes him a valuable contributor to our Board of Directors. Age: 56 Director Since: 2018 Committees: None Independent: No Our Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote FOR each of the nominees listed above. 18 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents PROPOSAL TWO Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors (the Audit Committee ) has appointed KPMG as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. Representatives of KPMG are expected to be present at the Annual Meeting and will be provided an opportunity to make a statement if desired. The representatives are also expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. Although ratification by our stockholders is not a prerequisite to the power of the Audit Committee to appoint our independent registered public accounting firm, our Board of Directors and the Audit Committee believe such ratification to be advisable and in the best interests of the Company. Accordingly, stockholders are being requested to ratify, confirm, and approve the appointment of KPMG as our independent registered public accounting firm to conduct the annual audit of our consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. If the stockholders do not ratify the appointment of KPMG, the appointment of an independent registered public accounting firm will be reconsidered by the Audit Committee; however, the Audit Committee has no obligation to change its appointment. If the appointment of KPMG is ratified, the Audit Committee will continue to conduct an ongoing review of KPMG s scope of engagement, pricing, and work quality, among other factors, and will retain the right to replace KPMG at any time. Our Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of KPMG. 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 19 Table of Contents PROPOSAL THREE Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of our Named Executive Officers Our Board of Directors has adopted a policy providing for annual say-on-pay advisory votes. In accordance with Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ), and as a matter of good corporate governance, we are asking our stockholders to vote on a non-binding, advisory basis to approve the compensation paid to our named executive officers, as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and the executive compensation tables and narrative that follow. To align the interests of management with those of our stockholders, our compensation program focuses on pay-for-performance principles that are linked to short-term and long-term financial, operational, and relative TSR metrics. Our compensation mix rewards the continued performance of the Company, encourages a disciplined approach to management, and maintains focus on the creation of long-term value for our stockholders. We believe this structure is competitive and allows us to attract, motivate, and retain highly qualified executive officers. In connection with reviewing our compensation program and the 2025 compensation paid to our named executive officers, it is important to consider our performance during 2025, as well as our long-term TSR performance. These performance results are discussed in detail in the Executive Compensation section beginning on page 38 . Our regular compensation program consists of our Short-Term Incentive Program ( STIP ), based on our performance in 2025, and our Long-Term Incentive Program ( LTIP ), based on our performance over a three-year period from January 2025 - December 2027 and includes a fixed compensation component. Approximately 75% of the NEOs LTIP is in the form of performance shares, and 25% is in the form of time-vesting restricted stock. The majority of the compensation awarded under the STIP and LTIP is at-risk, is not guaranteed, and is based on the following performance metrics: Short-Term Incentive Plan Performance Goals Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Goals Metric Weight Metric Weight AFFO per Share 40% TSR Ranking within MSCI US REIT Index 50% Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 20% Dividend per Share Growth Rate 25% Portfolio Occupancy 10% Net Debt-to-Pro Forma Adjusted EBITDA re Ratio 25% Individual Objectives 30% 20 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Proposal Three The performance hurdles and weightings for each program are determined by the Compensation and Talent Committee in consultation with our independent compensation consultant, Ferguson Partners Consulting L.P. ( FPC ), a nationally known independent executive compensation and benefits consulting firm specializing in the real estate industry. This structure effectively links the compensation awarded to our executives to the achievement of our financial and strategic goals. The independent members of our Board of Directors believe that the performance-based structure of our compensation program, as summarized above and detailed in the Executive Compensation section beginning on page 38 , allows us to attract and retain talented executives while aligning their interests with the best interests of the Company to support long-term value creation for the benefit of stockholders. Unless our Board of Directors modifies its determination on the frequency of future say-on-pay advisory votes, the next vote will be held at the annual meeting of stockholders in 2027. Because this vote is advisory, it is not binding on us or our Board of Directors. Nevertheless, the views expressed by stockholders, whether through this vote or otherwise, are important to management and our Board of Directors and, accordingly, our Board of Directors and the Compensation and Talent Committee intend to consider the results of this vote in making determinations in the future regarding executive compensation arrangements. Our Board of Directors recommends that stockholders vote FOR approval on a non-binding advisory basis of the compensation of our named executive officers as described in the compensation discussion and analysis and the executive compensation tables and narrative that follow. 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 21 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Company has nominated eleven directors for election at the Annual Meeting. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We are committed to managing the Company for the benefit of our stockholders and are focused on maintaining good corporate governance. Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Company maintains Corporate Governance Guidelines that promote the effective functioning of the Board of Directors and its committees and set forth expectations as to how the Board of Directors and its committees should operate. The guidelines include information about the composition of the Board of Directors, orientation and continuing education, director compensation, Board meetings, Board committees, management succession, evaluation and compensation of key executive officers (which includes all named executive officers), expectations of directors, and information regarding the annual performance evaluation of the Board of Directors. The Corporate Governance Guidelines are available in the Corporate Governance Documents section of our website at www.realtyincome.com. Corporate Governance Highlights All directors, with the exception of our CEO, are independent, and all Board committee members are independent. We have a Chairman of the Board who is separate from and independent of our Chief Executive Officer. All directors are subject to annual election with a majority voting standard in uncontested elections. Our directors, officers, and employees are subject to a Code of Business Ethics. Our directors, officers, and employees are subject to insider trading policies. Our directors, officers, and employees are subject to anti-hedging and anti-pledging policies. No stockholder rights plan is in effect. Our Bylaws permit stockholders to propose amendments to our Bylaws. Our Board focuses on board refreshment and recruitment, with four of our directors having been appointed since 2021. The time-based equity awards for our named executive officers have double-trigger acceleration provisions. Cash and equity incentive compensation is subject to a formal clawback policy. An Enterprise Risk Management ( ERM ) evaluation is conducted annually to identify and assess Company risk. 22 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Our directors and executive officers have minimum stock ownership requirements. Our Bylaws permit stockholders to request the calling of a special meeting and include market-standard proxy access nominating provisions. Our Board of Directors conducts regular executive sessions of independent directors. We annually submit our executive compensation to a say-on-pay advisory vote by our stockholders. Our Compensation and Talent Committee oversees our human capital and talent management programs. Our directors conduct annual self-evaluations and participate in orientation and continuing education programs. Our Audit Committee assists the Board in its oversight of cybersecurity, information technology, and other data privacy risks, as well as enterprise-level risks that may affect our financial statements, operations, business continuity, and reputation. Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our directors may not sit on more than five public company boards (including our Board), or, to the extent a director is a chairman or lead independent director of a public company board, then not more than four public company boards (including our Board). Our Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee maintains direct oversight of our sustainability corporate initiatives. Anonymous reporting is available through our whistleblower hotline, which is tested annually and reported quarterly to our Audit Committee or Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, as appropriate. 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 23 Corporate Governance Table of Contents COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD Our Board has three standing committees that perform certain delegated functions of the Board: the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Talent Committee, and the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee is composed entirely of independent directors within the meaning of the director independence standards of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which reflect the NYSE director independence standards and the audit committee requirements of the SEC. The following table provides a summary of the selected areas in which a standing committee of the Board of Directors was delegated oversight responsibility: Audit Committee Compensation and Talent Committee Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Full Board of Directors Corporate Strategy Enterprise Risk Management Integrity of Financial Statements Legal and Regulatory Compliance Internal Audit Function Independent Auditor Tax Cybersecurity and Privacy Health and Welfare Benefits Equitable and Fair Compensation Trends and Practices Human Capital and Talent Management Business Impact and Sustainability Stockholder Engagement Governance Matters Board and Executive Succession Each committee operates under a written charter, all of which were reviewed and/or updated by their respective committees annually. Our Board may, from time to time, establish certain other committees to facilitate oversight of the management of the Company. The charters of each of our standing committees are available in the Corporate Governance Documents section of our website at www.realtyincome.com. 24 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Audit Committee RESPONSIBILITIES Oversee compliance with legal and regulatory requirements Oversee the integrity of our financial statements Assist our Board of Directors in its oversight of cybersecurity, information technology, and other data privacy risks, and enterprise-level risks that may affect our financial statements, operations, business continuity, and reputation Assist our Board of Directors in its oversight of our guidelines and policies with respect to enterprise risk management Oversee the type and presentation of the Company s quantitative disclosures related to sustainability matters Review of related party transactions pursuant to the Company s Related Party Transaction Policy and Procedures Oversee the performance of our internal audit function Appoint, retain, and oversee our independent registered public accounting firm, approve any special assignments given to the independent registered public accounting firm, and review: The scope and results of the audit engagement with the independent registered public accounting firm, including the independent registered public accounting firm s letters to the Audit Committee The independence and qualifications of the independent registered public accounting firm The compensation of the independent registered public accounting firm Critical audit matters of the Company; and Any significant proposed accounting changes Our Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Chapman, Jacobson, and McLaughlin and Ms. Almodovar each qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined in Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K, and that all members of the Audit Committee are financially literate under the current listing standards of the NYSE and meet the SEC independence requirements for audit committee membership. The Audit Committee may delegate any or all of its responsibilities to a subcommittee of the Audit Committee to the extent permitted by applicable law. MEMBERS Priscilla Almodovar (Chair) A. Larry Chapman Jeff Jacobson Gregory T. McLaughlin INDEPENDENT All MEETINGS IN 2025 6 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 25 Corporate Governance Table of Contents Compensation and Talent Committee RESPONSIBILITIES Periodically review our programs and strategies related to human capital and talent management, including compensation and benefits, recruiting and retention, management succession, and engagement Establish and administer our executive compensation programs Conduct an annual review of our compensation philosophy and incentive programs, including to ensure they reflect our risk management philosophies, policies and processes Conduct an annual review of and approve the goals and objectives relating to the compensation of the CEO, including a performance evaluation based on such goals and objectives to help determine and approve his compensation Review and approve all executive officers severance arrangements, as applicable Manage and annually review executive officer short-term and long-term incentive compensation Set performance metrics under all short-term and long-term incentive compensation plans as appropriate Review the compensation of members of our Board of Directors; and Periodically review our stockholder engagement results and feedback received with respect to executive compensation matters Administer and oversee clawback policy providing for the recoupment of compensation received by executive officers and other covered employees Our Board of Directors has determined that all of the members of the Compensation and Talent Committee are independent within the meaning of our director independence standards and the NYSE director independence standards (including those applicable to Compensation and Talent Committee members) and are non-employee directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. The Compensation and Talent Committee may delegate any or all of its responsibilities to a subcommittee of the Compensation and Talent Committee to the extent permitted by applicable law. MEMBERS Priya Cherian Huskins (Chair) Mary Hogan Preusse Kim Hourihan Gerardo I. Lopez Gregory T. McLaughlin INDEPENDENT All MEETINGS IN 2025 7 26 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee RESPONSIBILITIES Provide counsel to our Board of Directors on a broad range of issues concerning the composition and operation of the Board of Directors Develop and review the qualifications and competencies required for membership on our Board of Directors Review and interview qualified candidates to serve on our Board of Directors Oversee the structure, membership, and rotation of the committees of our Board of Directors Oversee significant policies, programs and practices related to environmental, social, and governance matters Assess the effectiveness of the Board of Directors and executive management Oversee succession planning for our executive management Review and consider developments in corporate governance to ensure that best practices are being followed; and Consider actions to be taken in support of Board refreshment As part of these responsibilities, the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee annually solicits input from each member of the Board of Directors to review the effectiveness of its operation and all committees thereof. The review consists of an assessment of its governance and operating practices, which includes our Corporate Governance Guidelines that, as more fully described below, govern the operation of the Board of Directors. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee may delegate any or all of its responsibilities to a subcommittee of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee to the extent permitted by applicable law. MEMBERS Reginald H. Gilyard (Chair) Mary Hogan Preusse Priya Cherian Huskins Michael D. McKee INDEPENDENT All MEETINGS IN 2025 4 DIRECTOR SELECTION PROCESS Director Qualifications Director qualifications are determined by what the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee believes to be the essential competencies required to effectively serve on the Board of Directors. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee seeks to include on our Board of Directors a complementary mix of professionals with the following qualities, skills, and attributes: Business and professional background; Differences in background, expertise, perspectives, and thought; History of leadership or contributions to other organizations; Functional skill set and expertise; General understanding of marketing, finance, accounting, corporate governance, federal securities, and other relevant laws and regulations, international experience, and other elements relevant to the success of a publicly-traded company in today s business environment; Experience as a member of the board of directors of another publicly-held company; Commitment to devoting the time and effort necessary to be a responsible and productive member of the Board of Directors; and Ability to perpetuate the success of the business and represent stakeholder interests through the exercise of sound business judgment. 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 27 Corporate Governance Table of Contents Identifying and Evaluating Nominees for Directors Our Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth the process by which our Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee identifies and evaluates nominees for our Board of Directors. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee first evaluates the current members of our Board of Directors to identify director nominees. Current members who are willing to continue service and who have qualifications and skills that are generally consistent with the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee s criteria for Board of Directors service are generally re-nominated. As to new candidates, the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee will generally poll members of our Board of Directors and members of executive management for their recommendations. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee has discretion to retain a search firm to assist with identifying new candidates for membership on our Board of Directors if deemed appropriate. An initial slate of candidates will be presented to the Chair of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, who will then make an initial determination as to the qualification and fit of each candidate. Final candidates will be interviewed by one or more members of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee and other directors. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee will then approve final director candidates and, after review and deliberation of all feedback and data, will make its recommendation to our Board of Directors. Recommendations received from stockholders are subject to the same criteria as candidates nominated by the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee and will be considered accordingly. Board Refreshment Our Board of Directors remains committed to active board refreshment to ensure optimal board structure, composition, and the exercise of sound business judgment in discharging the Board s responsibilities in accordance with evolving standards and practices. We seek to add directors who contribute to the unique mix of background, expertise, perspective, age, and gender of our Board of Directors. We maintain an inclusive Board of Directors, of which, as of March 25, 2026, approximately 36% of our Board of Directors standing for re-election identify as female and approximately 55% identify as being from an under-represented community. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee aspires to obtain a desired mix of skills and experiences relevant to the Company s strategic direction and operations, while leveraging the deep institutional knowledge and valuable insight associated with the Board s more tenured directors. Our focus is to have a board that continues to deliver a high standard of performance and governance expected by investors. Certain Key Board Characteristics We seek to ensure our Board of Directors is composed of professionals with a mix of background, expertise, and perspectives to advance the Company's business strategies and objectives. As of March 25, 2026, our Board of Directors standing for re-election comprised the following: Percentage of Board Members that are independent Tenure on the Board 28 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Stockholder Recommendations The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee s policy is to consider candidates recommended by our stockholders. The stockholder must submit proof of Realty Income stock ownership, along with a detailed r sum of the candidate and an explanation of the reasons why the stockholder believes the candidate is qualified for service on our Board of Directors. The stockholder must also demonstrate how the candidate satisfies our Board of Directors criteria and provide such other information about the candidate as would be required by the SEC rules to be included in a proxy statement, as well as our Bylaws. The consent of the candidate must be included along with a description of any arrangements or undertakings between the stockholder and the candidate regarding the recommendation. All communications are to be directed to the Chair of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee and sent to the address noted under Communications with the Board in this Proxy Statement on page 33 . A stockholder desiring to recommend a candidate for consideration by the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee for election at our 2027 annual meeting of stockholders must deliver the recommendation along with the information noted above, between October 26, 2026 and November 25, 2026 (not more than 150 days nor less than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the date our Proxy Statement is released to stockholders for the 2026 annual meeting of stockholders) in order to be considered timely for consideration at next year s annual meeting of stockholders. See Stockholder Proposals for our 2027 Annual Meeting in this Proxy Statement on page 88 . Properly submitted stockholder recommendations will be evaluated by the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee using the same criteria used to evaluate other director candidates. Proxy Access Our stockholders also possess the right to nominate candidates for election to the Board through the proxy access provisions of our Bylaws, pursuant to which an eligible stockholder, or a qualifying group of up to 20 stockholders, owning at least 3% of our outstanding shares of common stock continuously for at least three years, may nominate up to the greater of two directors or the largest whole number that does not exceed 20% of the number of directors up for election as of the last day in which a proxy access nomination may be submitted under our Bylaws, for inclusion in our proxy materials, subject to complying with the requirements contained in Article III, Section 15 of our Bylaws. BOARD ROLE IN RISK OVERSIGHT Our Board of Directors has overall responsibility for risk oversight with a focus on the more significant risks facing our Company and reviews and oversees our ERM program, which is a company-wide program designed to effectively and efficiently identify and assess management s visibility into critical company risks and to facilitate the incorporation of risk considerations into decision making. The ERM program does this by clearly defining risks facing the Company and bringing together executive management to discuss these risks. This promotes visibility and constructive dialogue around risk at the executive management and Board levels and facilitates appropriate risk response strategies. Throughout the year, as part of the ERM program, management and the Board of Directors jointly discuss major risks that face our business. While the Board oversees the overall risk management process for the Company, each of the Board s committees also assists the Board in this oversight with respect to the following risks: The Audit Committee oversees our risk policies and processes relating to the financial statements and financial reporting procedures, focusing on internal controls, as well as key credit risks, liquidity risks, cybersecurity risks, information technology risks, data privacy risks, market risks and compliance, and the guidelines, policies, and procedures for monitoring and mitigating those risks and discusses major enterprise-level risk exposures; The Compensation and Talent Committee monitors the risks associated with management resources and structure, including evaluating the effect the compensation structure may have on risk decisions; and The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee oversees the risk related to our governance structure and processes and risks arising from related party transactions. By assigning such responsibilities, the Board of Directors believes it can more effectively identify and address risk. Throughout the year, the Board of Directors, and each of the Board s committees, review and discuss specific risk topics in significant detail in their respective meetings with our senior management team. 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 29 Corporate Governance Table of Contents Cybersecurity Risk Management The Board of Directors considers cybersecurity risk as part of its risk oversight function, and the Audit Committee of our Board oversees Realty Income s cybersecurity and other information technology risk exposures and the steps taken by management to monitor and control such exposures. Our cybersecurity risk profile and cybersecurity program status are reported to the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis. In addition, management updates the Audit Committee, as necessary, regarding any significant cybersecurity incidents, as well as any incidents with lesser impact potential. The Audit Committee reports to the full Board regarding its activities, including those related to cybersecurity, and the full Board also receives briefings from management on our cybersecurity risk management program, as appropriate. Our Senior Vice President of Information Technology serves as the Chair of our Cybersecurity Risk Committee and is primarily responsible for assessing and managing our material risks from cybersecurity threats, including our overall cybersecurity risk management program, and supervises both our internal cybersecurity personnel and our retained external cybersecurity consultants. Our Senior Vice President of Information Technology has served in information technology roles for the Company since 2007, and has led the department since 2020. He has over 20 years of experience implementing and operating cybersecurity technologies, policies, and procedures throughout various industries. Our Senior Vice President of Information Technology works closely with our management team to keep them informed about and to monitor the Company s efforts to prevent, detect, mitigate, and remediate cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include briefings from internal security personnel, threat intelligence and other information obtained from governmental, public, or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us, and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in the information technology environment. Our management team has extensive experience implementing and operating cybersecurity technologies, policies, and procedures throughout various industries and includes a Certified Information Systems Security Professional with ISC2. Additionally, we leverage outside cybersecurity consultants to assist with identifying, assessing, and managing cybersecurity risks. Compensation Risk Assessment The Compensation and Talent Committee reviews our company-wide incentive programs to assess whether the incentive programs for all employees, including our named executive officers, encourage desirable behavior as it relates to our long-term growth and reflect our risk management philosophies, policies and processes. The total compensation for all named executive officers and executive vice presidents is established after the Compensation and Talent Committee determines the appropriate performance metrics to best align the interests of management with the best interests of the Company. The Short-Term Incentive Program metrics are based on financial, operational, and individual performance goals. The Long-Term Incentive Program metrics are primarily based on our TSR performance relative to our peers, and secondarily based on financial and operational goals. In addition, as previously discussed, we have adopted a clawback policy that enables us to recover incentive compensation awards in the event of negligence or misconduct directly related to a material restatement of our financial results, or miscalculated performance metrics that, if calculated correctly, would have resulted in a lower payment. Other officer and non-officer employee compensation awards are unlikely to encourage the taking of unnecessary or excessive risks that could threaten long-term value creation. Management monitors the cash and equity incentive awards made to our employees and reviews those awards in light of the potential risks relative to the control environment, each respective employee s responsibilities, and our general policies and procedures. The Compensation and Talent Committee has sought to align the interests of our employees with those of our stockholders through grants of restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards, thereby giving employees additional incentives to protect and align with long-term value creation. Based on its evaluation, the Compensation and Talent Committee does not believe that the compensation programs give rise to any risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. Code of Business Ethics We maintain a Code of Business Ethics that applies to our directors, officers, and employees, and addresses matters such as (i) our policy on political contributions, (ii) disclosures and financial reporting, and (iii) protection and use of our assets. The Board of Directors adopted the Code of Business Ethics to codify and formalize certain of our long-standing policies and principles that help ensure our business is conducted in accordance with the highest standards of ethical behavior. We conduct annual training with our employees regarding ethical behavior and require all employees to acknowledge the terms of, and abide by, our Code of Business Ethics. Our Code of Business Ethics is available in the Corporate Governance Documents section of our website at www.realtyincome.com. We intend to disclose any future amendments to, or waivers of, certain provisions of our Code of Business Ethics applicable to our officers and directors on our website, within four business days following such amendment or waiver, or as otherwise required by the SEC or the NYSE. 30 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Whistleblower Policy Our Board of Directors oversees the company s whistleblower policy, which outlines a procedure for all interested parties, including employees, to submit confidential complaints, concerns, unethical business practices, violations, or suspected violations for any and all matters pertaining to accounting, internal control, or auditing. Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policies To ensure proper alignment with our stockholders, we have established policies that prohibit our directors, officers, other employees, and their family members from engaging in any transaction that might allow them to realize gains from declines in our securities. Specifically, we prohibit our directors, officers, employees, and their family members from engaging in transactions using derivative securities, short selling our securities, trading in any puts, calls or covered calls, writing purchase or call options, or otherwise participating in hedging, stop loss, or other speculative transactions involving our securities. In addition, margin purchases of our securities and pledging any of our securities as collateral to secure loans are prohibited. This prohibition means that our directors, officers, employees, and their family members are not permitted to hold our securities in a margin account nor are they permitted to pledge any of our securities for any loans or indebtedness. Insider Trading Policy Our Board of Directors has adopted an insider trading policy that governs the purchase and sale of the Company s securities, applicable to our directors, officers, and employees. We believe these policies and procedures are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws and the listing standards of the NYSE. Clawback Policy Our Board of Directors has adopted a mandatory clawback policy in compliance with SEC rules and NYSE listing standards that requires the Company to recover erroneously awarded cash and/or equity-based incentive compensation that was granted, earned, or vested based in whole or in part, on attainment of one or more financial reporting measures in the event the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement, unless the Compensation and Talent Committee determines that recovery would be impracticable. In addition, the Compensation and Talent Committee will have the discretion to recover (i) in the event of a decision by the Compensation and Talent Committee that one or more performance metrics used for determining any cash incentive compensation or equity-based incentive compensation that was paid or granted during the three-fiscal year period immediately preceding such determination (or longer in the event of the fraud or intentional misconduct of the applicable officer), including, but not limited to, incentive-based compensation, was incorrectly calculated and, if calculated correctly, would have resulted in a lower payment to one or more current or former officers, and (ii) in the event that the Company is required to prepare a restatement due to any officer s fraud or intentional misconduct, any cash incentive compensation or equity-based compensation that was paid or granted to such officer at any time. Company Culture and Employees We put great effort into cultivating an inclusive company culture. We operate as One Team and are committed to providing our employees an engaging work environment centered on our values of: 1 2 3 4 5 Do the right thing Take ownership Empower each other Celebrate differences Give more than we take We hire talented employees with different backgrounds and perspectives and work to provide an environment with regular open communication where capable team members have fulfilling careers and are encouraged to engage and make a positive impact with business partners and in the communities in which we operate. We invest in our employees development and training, providing access to online learning, professional development opportunities, and a leadership development program. 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 31 Corporate Governance Table of Contents Stockholder Engagement At Realty Income, we recognize that continuous engagement with our stockholders is essential to understanding their priorities and ensuring best practices are maintained across our business. Through an open and ongoing dialogue with shareholders, we ensure that diverse perspectives are considered in our decision-making process. In 2025, we engaged with shareholders of approximately 61% of our common stock, representing approximately 110 individual firms. During our conversations with stockholders, we discussed various topics, including: Sustainability considerations, including recent and planned sustainability initiatives; Workplace culture initiatives; Executive compensation; Recent board refreshment; and Board composition and structure. In addition to internal management engaging with stockholders, Reginald H. Gilyard, our Chair of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, participated in specific calls, which provided stockholders direct access to the Board of Directors. We report the details of our communications with stockholders to our Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, Compensation and Talent Committee, and Board of Directors, as applicable. This dialogue allows our directors to hear what is most important to our stockholders and share perspectives on our compensation and governance processes. The Board of Directors considers stockholder feedback and responds in our best interests. Outreach and Engagement Evaluate and Respond In 2025, we engaged with shareholders of approximately 61% of our common stock, representing approximately 110 individual firms, to provide business updates and request meetings for further discussion. These discussions covered a broad range of topics, including business and sustainability-related matters, notably executive compensation, composition and structure of our Board, and company culture. In line with our commitment to continued dialogue, Realty Income s Investor Relations team will proactively reach out to the governance teams of our top 20 largest shareholders to offer time to discuss key topics and gather feedback ahead of our 2026 Annual Meeting. We provide periodic updates to the Board of Directors and relevant committees on the outcomes of our shareholder outreach efforts. We carefully consider stockholder input regarding our current and proposed governance practices, as well as public disclosures. The Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee actively oversees the Company s sustainability initiatives and strategies. We continue to enhance our sustainability initiatives and disclosures. We continuously evaluate the structure and composition of our Board. 32 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Corporate Governance Meetings and Attendance Our Board of Directors met nine times during 2025. All directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of (i) the total number of meetings of our Board of Directors held during the period in which they were members of our Board of Directors, and (ii) the total number of meetings of the Committees of our Board of Directors on which such directors served and that were held during the period in which they served. Although we have no formal policy with regard to attendance of our directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, it is customary for, and we expect, all directors to attend. All directors attended our virtual 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. To ensure free and open discussion among the independent directors, only independent directors attend executive sessions of our Board of Directors and Committee meetings unless, under certain circumstances, management is invited. As the Non-Executive Independent Chairman of our Board of Directors, Mr. McKee presides at the executive sessions of the Board. Communications with the Board Stockholders and other interested parties may communicate with the Non-Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors or with the non-employee directors, as a group, by either of the following methods: Email: Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors c/o Corporate Secretary BoardofDirectors@realtyincome.com Mail: Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors c/o Corporate Secretary Realty Income Corporation 11995 El Camino Real San Diego, CA 92130 All appropriate correspondence will be promptly forwarded by the Corporate Secretary to the Non-Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors. 2026 Proxy Statement Realty Income 33 Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Under the director stock ownership guidelines, each non-employee director is required to hold stock valued at no less than five times the amount of the annual cash retainer. The Compensation and Talent Committee is responsible for reviewing the compensation of members of the Board of Directors. Compensation for the independent directors of our Board of Directors for 2025 consisted of both cash compensation and an equity grant. The cash compensation included an annual cash retainer, an additional cash retainer for service as the Non-Executive Chairman, and additional cash retainers for service as a Chairperson or member of one of the standing committees of our Board of Directors, in the amounts as set forth below. In addition, per the terms of the Realty Income Corporation 2021 Incentive Award Plan, as amended and adopted by stockholders at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders (the Plan ), each non-employee director was automatically granted an annual equity retainer in the form of restricted shares or RSUs valued at $200,000 (subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan) on the date of the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders or on the date of such director s election to the Board. For 2025, approximately 59% of director compensation was in the form of restricted shares of the Company s stock, which is structured such that it aligns the interests of our Board with those of our stockholders. Position Held Annual Equity Grant ($) (1) Annual Cash Retainer ($) Board of Directors Member (including Non-Executive Chair) 200,000 100,000 Board of Directors Non-Executive Chair 150,000 Audit Committee Chair 35,000 Compensation and Talent Committee Chair 25,000 Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Chair 25,000 Audit Committee Member 17,500 Compensation and Talent Committee Member 15,000 Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee Member 15,000 1. The value of the annual equity retainer is fixed at $200,000. The number of restricted shares or RSUs granted is based on the closing share price on the date of grant. 34 Realty Income 2026 Proxy Statement Table of Contents Director Compensation Under the Plan, the vesting schedule for restricted shares granted to non-employee directors is as follows and is subject to the director s continued service through each applicable vesting date: Years of Service Vesting 6 years 33.33% increments on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date 6 years 50% increments on each of the first two anniversaries of the grant date 7 years 100% vested on the first anniversary of the grant date 8 years Immediately Our non-employee directors received the following aggregate amounts of compensation for the year ended December 31, 2025: Name (1) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards (2) ($) All Other Compensation (3) ($) Total ($) Michael D. McKee 280,000 199,978 479,978 Priscilla Almodovar (4)(5) 135,000 199,978 334,978 A. Larry Chapman 117,500 199,978 317,478 Reginald H. Gilyard (4) 125,000 199,978 324,978 Mary Hogan Preusse (4) 118,750 199,978 318,728 Kim Hourihan (4)(6) 28,750 199,997 228,747 Priya Cherian Huskins 140,000 199,978 339,978 Jeff Jacobson (4) 117,500 199,978 317,478 Gerardo I. Lopez (4) 115,000 199,978 314,978 Gregory T. McLaughlin 132,500 199,978 10,000 342,478 Jacqueline Brady (6) 57,500 57,500 1. Mr. Roy, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, did not receive any compensation for his services on our Board of Directors or as a director of Crest Net Lease, Inc. ( Crest ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Realty Income, during 2025. His compensation is reflected as part of the Summary Compensation Table on page 60 . 2. On May 13, 2025, the date of our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, each non-employee director who served at that time received 3,632 shares of restricted stock with a grant date fair value of $199,978, which is calculated by multiplying the 3,632 shares by the closing market price per share of our common stock on May 13, 2025 of $55.06, as prescribed by ASC Topic 718. In addition, in connection with her appointment to the Board, on October 14, 2025, Ms. Hourihan received a grant of 3,399 shares of restricted stock with a grant date fair value of $199,997, which is calculated by multiplying the 3,399 shares by the closing market price per share of our common stock on October 14, 2025 of $58.84, as prescribed by Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718. All of these restricted stock grants vest according to the vesting schedule described above and include dividends paid from the date of grant. 3. The amount in this column represents the annual retainer of $10,000 for serving on the board of directors of Crest. 4. As of December 31, 2025, the non-employee directors did not hold any stock options or unvested restricted stock units. The following directors hold unvested restricted stock: Ms. Almodovar holds 7,633 shares, Mr. Gilyard holds 7,633 shares, Ms. Hogan Preusse holds 7,633 shares, Ms. Hourihan holds 3,399 shares, Mr. Jacobson holds 8,966 shares, 