=== CBRE_2026-04-03.htm.gz ===
DEF 14A 0001138118 false DEF 14A 0001138118 ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 1 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:YrEndFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInCvrdYrOutsdngAndUnvstdMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001138118 ecd:EqtyAwrdsInSummryCompstnTblForAplblYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 2023-01-01 2023-12-31 0001138118 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:ChngInFrValAsOfVstngDtOfPrrYrEqtyAwrdsVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001138118 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001138118 ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 5 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:VstngDtFrValOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdAndVstdInCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember ecd:FrValAsOfPrrYrEndOfEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsFldVstngCondsDrngCvrdYrMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 3 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 ecd:ChngInFrValOfOutsdngAndUnvstdEqtyAwrdsGrntdInPrrYrsMember ecd:PeoMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 2 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001138118 4 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 iso4217:USD Table of Contents U NITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) 3 Filed by the Registrant Filed by a Party other than the Registrant Check the appropriate box: Preliminary Proxy Statement Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) Definitive Proxy Statement Definitive Additional Materials Soliciting Material Pursuant to 240.14a-12 CBRE Group, Inc . (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) P ayment of Filing Fee (Check all boxes that ap ply): No fee required. Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11 Table of Contents Proxy Statement and Notice of Annual Meeting May 21, 2026 2026 Table of Contents New York s iconic Lever House will be the home of CBRE s global financial headquarters, opening this year. Photo: Courtesy of Brookfield Properties Table of Contents 2121 North Pearl Street, Suite 300 Dallas, Texas 75201 (214) 979-6100 April 3, 2026 Dear Fellow Stockholder: On behalf of the Board of Directors and management of CBRE Group, Inc., I cordially invite you to attend our annual meeting of stockholders on Thursday, May 21, 2026 at 11:00 a.m. (Central Time) (the Annual Meeting or the 2026 Annual Meeting). The 2026 Annual Meeting will be a virtual meeting of stockholders. You will be able to attend the 2026 Annual Meeting, vote your shares electronically, and submit your questions during the meeting via live webcast by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CBRE2026 . Stockholders will be able to listen, vote, and submit questions from their home or any location with internet connectivity. To participate in the meeting, you must have the 16-digit number that is shown on your Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or on your proxy card if you elected to receive proxy materials by mail. The notice of meeting and proxy statement that follow describe the business that we will consider at the meeting. We hope that you will be able to attend the meeting via our live webcast. However, regardless of whether you attend the meeting, your vote is very important. We are pleased to again offer multiple options for voting your shares. Regardless of whether you attend, please take advantage of this opportunity to vote your shares.* Thank you for your continued support of CBRE Group, Inc. Robert E. Sulentic Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer * Please see page 1 of this Proxy Statement for the many options available to vote your shares and other details on how you can participate in our Annual Meeting. Table of Contents Notice of 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date: Thursday, May 21, 2026 Time: 11:00 a.m. (Central Time) Virtual Meeting Website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CBRE2026 Record Date: March 23, 2026 Your Vote Matters How to Vote: Online Visit www.proxyvote.com . You will need the 16-digit number included in your proxy card, voter instruction form, or notice. Phone Call 1-800-690-6903 or the number on your voter instruction form. You will need the 16-digit number included in your proxy card, voter instruction form, or notice. Mail Send your completed and signed proxy card or voter instruction form to the address on your proxy card or voter instruction form. Via Webcast During the Annual Meeting Visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CBRE2026 . You will need the 16-digit number included in your proxy card, voter instruction form, or notice. Online access begins at 10:45 a.m. (Central Time). Agenda: 1. Elect the 10 Board-nominated directors named in the Proxy Statement; 2. Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026; 3. Conduct an advisory vote on named executive officer compensation for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025; 4. If properly presented, consider a stockholder proposal regarding our stockholders ability to call special stockholder meetings; and 5. Transact any other business properly introduced at the Annual Meeting. Your vote is important, and you are encouraged to vote promptly whether or not you plan to virtually attend the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. We hope that you can attend the Annual Meeting. Regardless of whether you will attend via our live webcast, please complete and return your proxy so that your shares can be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with your instructions. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on Thursday, May 21, 2026: Our Proxy Statement and 2025 Annual Report are available free of charge on our website or www.proxyvote.com . We believe that this allows us to provide you with the information that you need while lowering the costs of delivery and reducing the environmental impact of the Annual Meeting. April 3, 2026 By Order of the Board of Directors Chad J. Doellinger Chief Legal Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary This Proxy Statement and accompanying proxy card are first being made available on or about April 3, 2026. References in this Proxy Statement to CBRE, the company, we, us, or our refer to CBRE Group, Inc. and include all of its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or the context requires otherwise. References to the Board refer to our Board of Directors. A copy of our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, including financial statements, is being sent simultaneously with this Proxy Statement to each stockholder who requested paper copies of these materials and will also be available at www.proxyvote.com . Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY SUMMARY 1 Proxy Su mmary To help you review the proposals to be voted upon at our 2026 Annual Meeting, we have summarized important information in this Proxy Statement and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should carefully read the entire Proxy Statement and Annual Report on Form 10-K before voting. Voting Stockholders of record as of March 23, 2026 may cast their votes in any of the following ways: Online Visit www.proxyvote.com . You will need the 16-digit number included in your proxy card, voter instruction form, or notice. Phone Call 1-800-690-6903 or the number on your voter instruction form. You will need the 16-digit number included in your proxy card, voter instruction form, or notice. Mail Send your completed and signed proxy card or voter instruction form to the address on your proxy card or voter instruction form. Via Webcast During the Annual Meeting Visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CBRE2026 . You will need the 16-digit number included in your proxy card, voter instruction form, or notice. Online access begins at 10:45 a.m. (Central Time). Voting Matters and Board Recommendation Proposals Board recommendation Page reference 1 . Elect Directors FOR each nominee 21 2 . Ratify the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2026 FOR 35 3 . Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation for 2025 FOR 38 4. If Properly Presented, Consider a Stockholder Proposal Regarding Special Stockholder Meetings AGAINST 91 Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY SUMMARY 2 Corporate Governance Highlights We are committed to good corporate governance, which promotes the long-term interests of stockholders, strengthens Board and management accountability, and helps build public trust in our company. Our governance practices include: Robust director selection process resulting in a diverse Board in terms of professional experience, skills, tenure, gender, race, ethnicity, geography, and age Strong lead independent director, elected by independent directors 8 out of 10 of our director nominees are independent No overboarding by our directors on other public-company boards Regular executive sessions, where independent directors meet without management present Annual Board, committee, and individual director evaluations and self-assessments Active Board oversight of strategy, risk management, sustainability, social responsibility, and governance matters Annual election of directors Majority voting standard for uncontested elections Proxy access rights for director nominations Stock ownership requirements for directors and executive officers Policy restricting trading and prohibiting hedging, short-selling, and pledging of CBRE stock Ongoing stockholder outreach and engagement Stockholder rights to call a special meeting No poison pill takeover defense plans Our Board Nominees Our Board nominees exhibit a mix of skills, experience, and perspectives: Name Age Director Since Principal Occupation Independent Committees Other Public Company Boards Brandon B. Boze 45 2012 Managing Principal of Bridges Capital LLC Audit Finance and Investment 0 Vincent Clancy 61 2025 Board Chair and Chief Executive Officer of Turner Townsend 0 Beth F. Cobert 67 2017 President, Affiliates and Strategic Partnerships of Strada Education Foundation Audit Corporate Governance and Nominating 0 Reginald H. Gilyard 62 2018 Senior Advisor to The Boston Consulting Group Compensation (Chair) 3 Shira D. Goodman 65 2019 Executive Coach Compensation Finance and Investment 2 Gerardo I. Lopez 66 2015 Former President CEO at AMC Entertainment Holdings and at Extended Stay America Hotels Audit (Chair) Corporate Governance and Nominating 3 Guy A. Metcalfe 58 2024 Former Managing Director and Global Chairman of Real Estate at Morgan Stanley Finance and Investment (Chair) Compensation 2 Gunjan Soni 46 2024 Country Managing Director of YouTube India Audit 0 Robert E. Sulentic Board Chair 69 2012 Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer of CBRE 0 Sanjiv Yajnik Lead Independent Director 69 2017 President of Capital One Financial Services Corporate Governance and Nominating (Chair) 0 Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY SUMMARY 3 Awards Recognition In 2025 and early 2026, we were recognized with the following awards and accolades: MOST ADMIRED REAL ESTATE COMPANY Fortune s most admired real estate company 2026 BEST CORPORATE CITIZENS Recognized by 3BL Media as among 100 best corporate citizens, seven years in a row WORLD S MOST ETHICAL COMPANY Ethisphere Institute, 13 consecutive years, including 2026 BEST USE OF AI, INTELLIGENT BUILDINGS Realcomm Digie Award for 2025 MOST RECOGNIZED COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE BRAND Lipsey Company Survey, 25 th consecutive year, including 2026 BEST MANAGED COMPANIES Ranked #55 out of 668 companies by The Wall Street Journal MOST SUSTAINABLE U.S. COMPANIES Ranked #11 by Barron s out of 1,000 companies in 2025, eight consecutive years in top 100 ECOVADIS Achieved silver recognition by ranking in the 94 th percentile CLIMATE CHANGE DISCLOSURE LEADER A- performance score by CDP, considered the global standard of environmental reporting 2025 NET ZERO LEADERS Ranked on Forbes list three years in a row FTSE4GOOD 15 consecutive years TOP 50 EMPLOYER FOR WOMEN Ranked by LATINA Style DISABILITY EQUALITY INDEX Recognized as a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion, five years in a row MILITARY FRIENDLY Named a Military and Military Spouse Friendly Employer in 2025 and achieved silver status BEST PLACES TO WORK Ranked by Glassdoor in the top 100 out of 3.9 million companies Our Corporate Strategy We aspire to be the leading, at scale, global commercial real estate services and investment firm, defined by the superior outcomes we deliver for our constituents. The key elements of our strategy to deliver on our aspiration are: Having a broad and deep presence across clients, service lines, asset types, and geography. Delivering strong organic and inorganic growth perpetuating the benefits of scale. Offering high-quality products that are integrated to deliver superior client solutions. Moving resources into resilient and secularly favored areas across the four dimensions of our business. Maintaining a powerful functional, knowledge and digital platform. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY SUMMARY 4 2025 Business Highlights Revenue GAAP Net Income GAAP EPS $40.6B $1.2B $3.85 +13.4% +19.5% +22.6% Core EBITDA (1) Core EPS (1) $3.3B $6.38 +22.3% +25.1% 1-Year Total Stockholder Return (2) (as of 12/31/2025) 3-Year Total Stockholder Return (2) (as of 12/31/2025) 5-Year Total Stockholder Return (2) (as of 12/31/2025) 22% 109% 156% vs. 18% for S P 500 (+5% outperformance) vs. 86% for S P 500 (+23% outperformance) vs. 96% for S P 500 (+60% outperformance) (1) These are non-GAAP financial measures. For definitions and more information, see Annex A of this Proxy Statement. Our Board and management use these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate our performance and manage our operations. However, non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP. The term GAAP, as used in this Proxy Statement, means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. (2) Inclusive of dividends, assuming reinvestment. Company Performance and Financial Highlights Our pay-for-performance approach aligns management and stockholder interests. The operating environment improved considerably in 2025. This is reflected in markedly increased property sales and leasing activity, broader capital availability, and strengthening market fundamentals. Furthermore, rising investor sentiment as well as large occupiers continued strong appetite for outsourcing services drove significant momentum across our platform. Overall, revenue increased 13.4% in our resilient businesses (which include facilities management, project management, property management, loan servicing, other portfolio services, recurring investment management fees, and valuations), and 13.6% in our transactional businesses (which include property sales, leasing, mortgage origination, carried interest and incentive fees in our investment management business, and development fees). In addition, Core EBITDA rose 22.3% while Core EPS increased 25.1%, compared to full year 2024. We deployed approximately $2.7 billion of capital in 2025. This included approximately $1.2 billion to acquire Pearce Services, a leading provider of advanced technical services for digital and power infrastructure, and approximately $468 million to acquire the remaining 60% equity interest in Industrious, a leading flexible workplace solutions and workplace experience company. We also deployed $956 million to repurchase 7,052,481 shares of our common stock. Even with this substantial capital deployment, we ended 2025 with 1.2x net leverage, giving us substantial liquidity to finance future growth. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY SUMMARY 5 Comparison of 5-Year Cumulative Total Return (1) among CBRE Group, Inc., the S P 500 Index, (2) and Peer Group (3) (1) $100 invested on December 31, 2020 in stock or index-including reinvestment of dividends, fiscal year ending December 31. (2) Copyright 2026 Standard Poor s, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved. (3) Peer group contains companies with the following ticker symbols: CIGI, CWK, ISS, JLL, MMI, NMRK, SVS.L (London), and WD. Executive Compensation Highlights Our Pay-for-Performance Compensation Philosophy Our executive compensation program is designed to: Align pay and performance; Reinforce our corporate strategy; Attract and retain accomplished and high-performing executives; and Motivate those executives to consistently achieve short- and long-term goals to further our corporate strategy. To do this, we focus a significant percentage of our executive officers compensation on both annual and long-term incentive awards intended to drive growth in our business and in our share price in the short- and long-term, with a relatively modest portion of compensation paid in fixed base salary. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY SUMMARY 6 2025 Total Target Direct Compensation Mix The total 2025 target direct compensation mix for our CEO is shown here: CEO Target Compensation Mix 2025 Performance and NEO Compensation An improved operating environment supported strong growth for CBRE in 2025. Overall, revenue increased 13.4%. This included 13.4% revenue growth in our resilient businesses (which include facilities management, project management, property management, loan servicing, other portfolio services, recurring investment management fees, and valuations), and 13.6% revenue growth in our transactional businesses (which include property sales, leasing, mortgage origination, carried interest and incentive fees in our investment management business, and development fees). Core EBITDA rose 22.3%, while Core EPS increased 25.1%, compared to full year 2024. This resulted in above target payouts for our named executive officers with respect to their cash bonuses and 2025 Core EPS awards. As part of the annual target compensation review, the Compensation Committee approved higher total annual compensation targets for each named executive officer except Mr. Hodari, who joined the company in January 2025. The compensation increases for Ms. Giamartino and Messrs. Sulentic and Kohli were delivered solely through equity awards, while Mr. Doellinger s increase included adjustments to his base salary and bonus in addition to his equity award. All of these adjustments were implemented to keep our executive compensation competitive in the marketplace and to acknowledge the substantial accomplishments and contributions of each named executive officer in enhancing long-term shareholder value. Furthermore, the annual equity award structure was updated to further prioritize performance. Under this revised structure, both our CEO and other named executive officers now receive one-third of their target annual long-term equity award as time-based RSUs, with the remaining two-thirds granted as performance-based RSUs. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY SUMMARY 7 2025 NEO Total Annual Compensation Set forth below is the 2025 annual compensation for our named executive officers. This table is not intended to be a substitute for the Summary Compensation Table required under Item 402(c) of Regulation S-K. You can find the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year 2025 under the heading, Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table. Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Robert E. Sulentic Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer 2025 1,350,000 19,023,324 3,638,824 312,891 24,325,039 Emma E. Giamartino Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer 2025 775,000 5,102,505 1,476,347 38,578 7,392,430 Vikram Kohli Chief Operating Officer and Chief Executive Officer, Advisory Services 2025 850,000 1,450,000 5,696,094 1,684,019 38,898 9,719,011 Jamie Hodari Chief Executive Officer, Building Operations Experience and Chief Commercial Officer 2025 669,231 4,954,560 1,307,509 38,578 6,969,878 Chad J. Doellinger Chief Legal Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary 2025 672,692 2,278,438 1,463,620 46,769 4,461,519 Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROXY SUMMARY 8 Forward-Looking Statements This Proxy Statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding the company s sustainability targets, strategies, and goals. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the company s actual results and performance in future periods to be materially different from any future results or performance suggested in forward-looking statements in this Proxy Statement. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Proxy Statement and, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, the company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any of them to reflect actual results, any changes in expectations or any change in events. If the company does update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that it will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in the company s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2025, particularly those under the captions Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements, Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as in the company s press releases and other periodic filings with the SEC. This Proxy Statement contains certain voluntary disclosures regarding our sustainability goals and related matters because we believe these matters are of interest to our investors; however, we do not believe these disclosures are material as that concept is defined by or construed in accordance with the securities laws or any other laws of the U.S. or any other jurisdiction, or as that concept is used in the context of financial statements and financial reporting. These disclosures speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation and expressly disclaim any duty to correct or update such disclosures, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS 9 Table o f Contents Corporate Governance 10 Governance Highlights 10 Stock Ownership Requirements 12 Board Structure and Leadership 13 Director Independence 13 Board Meetings and Committees 14 Board Committees 15 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 16 Selected Areas of Board Oversight 17 Culture 18 Sustainability 19 Stockholder Engagement 20 Communications with our Board 20 Proposal 1: Elect Directors 21 Director Nomination Criteria 21 Director Independence 21 Director Service on Other Public Company Boards 21 Director Resignation Policy Upon Change of Employment 22 Majority Voting to Elect Directors 22 Director Nomination Process 23 Director Nominee Skills and Experience Matrix 24 Our 2026 Director Nominees 26 Director Compensation 32 Proposal 2: Ratify Appointment of 35 Independent Registered Publi c Accounting Firm Audit and Other Fees 36 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Process 36 Audit Committee Report 36 Proposal 3: Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation 38 Executive Management 40 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 42 (See separate detailed Table of Contents) 42 Executive Compensation 68 Proposal 4: Consider a Stockholder Proposal Regarding Stockholders' Ability to Request a Special Meeting 91 Stock Ownership 94 Security Ownership of Principal Stockholders 94 Security Ownership of Management and Directors 95 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 96 Related-Party Transactions 97 Annual Meeting Information 99 How to Attend the Annual Meeting Q A 99 Voting Instructions and Information 99 Stockholder Recommendations of Director Candidates 103 Stockholder Proposals and Board Nominees 103 Eliminating Paper and Duplicative Materials 104 Transfer Agent Information 105 Annex A: Reconciliation of Certain Non-GAAP Financial Measures A- 1 Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS 10 Corpora te Governance Our Corporate Governance framework is designed to strengthen the Board of Directors oversight of management and to serve the long-term interests of our stockholders, employees, and other stakeholders . Governance is a continuous focus for us, starting with our Board and committees of the Board that meet several times throughout the year, and extending to management and our employees. We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of business conduct and corporate governance. Governance Hig hlights Corporate Governance Robust director selection process resulting in a diverse Board in terms of professional experience, skills, tenure, gender, race, ethnicity, geography, and age Strong lead independent director, elected by independent directors 10 director nominees, 8 of whom are independent No overboarding by our directors on other public-company boards Annual Board, committee, and individual director evaluations and self-assessments Active Board oversight of strategy and risk management (including environmental, sustainability, social, and governance matters) Robust Standards of Business Conduct and governance policies Compensation Pay-for-performance compensation program, which includes performance-based equity grants Annual say on pay votes, with most recent favorable say on pay vote of approximately 91.4% Stock ownership requirements for directors and executive officers Policy restricting trading and prohibiting hedging, short-selling, and pledging of CBRE stock Stockholder Rights Annual election of all directors Majority voting requirement for directors in uncontested elections Stockholder rights to call special meetings No poison pill takeover defense plans Stockholders may act by written consent Proxy access for director nominations Ongoing stockholder outreach and engagement Corporate Governance Materials The following materials, along with other Governance documents, are available on our website, https://ir.cbre.com/leadership/governance-documents. Anti-Corruption Policy Charter, By-Laws, and Board Committee Charters Compensation Clawback Policy Corporate Governance Guidelines Equity Award Policy Policy Regarding Transactions with Interested Parties and Corporate Opportunities Securities Compliance Policy Standards of Business Conduct Whistleblower Policy These materials are also available in print to any person, without charge, by emailing us at investorrelations@cbre.com or by written request to: Investor Relations Department CBRE Group, Inc. 2121 North Pearl Street, Suite 300 Dallas, Texas 75201 Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS 11 Governance Policies Practices Anti-Corruption Policy. Our global Anti-Corruption Policy contains strict prohibitions on any employee or agent of the company offering or providing anything that could be perceived as a bribe to gain or maintain any business advantage. Compensation Clawback Policy. We have a policy that requires us to recover cash-based and performance-based-equity incentive compensation paid to any current or former Section 16 officer if there is a restatement of our financial results. The policy mandates clawback from any applicable officer who received an award overpayment, without regard to whether any misconduct occurred or whether an officer bears responsibility for the required restatement. Our Compensation Clawback Policy is described in greater detail under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis Section 6. Compensation Policies and Practices. Corporate Governance Guidelines. Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, which provide a framework within which our Board, assisted by its committees, directs our affairs. Director Overboarding Policy. Our directors who are public company executive officers may serve on no more than one additional public company board. Directors who are not public company executive officers may serve on no more than three additional public company boards. Consideration is also given to the nature of and time involved in a director s service on other boards (including public company leadership roles) and other outside commitments. Equity Award Policy. We have an Equity Award Policy that is designed to maintain the integrity of the equity award process and to ensure compliance with all applicable laws. The Equity Award Policy sets forth the procedures that must be followed in connection with employee awards. Our Equity Award Policy is described in greater detail under the heading Compensation Discussion and Analysis Section 6. Compensation Policies and Practices. Policy Regarding Transactions with Interested Parties and Corporate Opportunities. Our Board has adopted a related-party transactions and corporate opportunities policy that directs our Audit Committee to review and approve, among other things, potential conflicts of interest between us and our directors and executive officers. Securities Compliance Policy. We have a Securities Compliance Policy that contains policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale and/or other dispositions of our securities by all directors, executive officers, and employees. These policies and procedures are designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations. The Securities Compliance Policy, among other things, provides for pre-approval procedures for transactions by directors, Section 16 officers (as so designated by the Board and our Audit Committee under Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), and certain other specified employees, prohibits short-selling, hedging, and pledging, and includes guidelines on the adoption of Rule 10b5-1 trading plans by covered individuals that are consistent with requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). From time to time, we engage in transactions involving our securities, including share repurchases. It is our policy to comply with all applicable securities and state laws and we have procedures in place to ensure appropriate review and approval by the Board or appropriate committee, as required, when engaging in transactions of our securities. We believe that the policies and procedures we have in place are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations and listing standards applicable to CBRE. Standards of Business Conduct. Our Board has adopted a Standards of Business Conduct policy that applies to all directors, officers, and employees outlining our corporate values and ethical standards, including our commitment to respect, integrity, service, and excellence. We are firmly committed to conducting business with the highest integrity and in compliance with the letter and spirit of the law. If the Board grants any waivers from the Standards of Business Conduct to any of our directors or executive officers, or if we amend such policies, we will, if required, disclose these matters through the Investor Relations section of our website on a timely basis. Whistleblower Policy. We have a Whistleblower Policy that directs our Audit Committee to investigate complaints (received directly or through management) regarding: deficiencies in or noncompliance with our internal accounting controls or accounting policies; circumvention of our internal accounting controls; fraud in the preparation or review of our financial statements or records; misrepresentations regarding our financial statements or reports; violations of legal or regulatory requirements; and retaliation against whistleblowers. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STOCK OWNERSHIP REQUIREMENTS 12 Stock Owners hip Requirements In order to align the interests of our executives and Board members with the interests of our stockholders, the Compensation Committee has adopted executive officer stock ownership requirements that are applicable to all of our Section 16 officers and Mr. Clancy. In addition, our Board has adopted stock ownership requirements for non-employee directors. Executive Officers Our Section 16 officers and Mr. Clancy have a minimum common stock ownership requirement of two to six times their annual base salary. Our CEO s minimum ownership requirement is six times his annual base salary and Mr. Clancy and our other named executive officers minimum ownership requirement is three times their annual base salary. If at any time an executive officer s equity holdings do not satisfy these minimum ownership requirements, depending on his or her position, the executive must retain 100% (for our CEO) or 75% (for Mr. Clancy and our other named executive officers) of the shares remaining after payment of taxes and exercise price upon the exercise of stock options or upon the vesting of restricted stock or the settlement of vested restricted stock units, as applicable. Shares that count toward compliance with the requirements include: shares owned outright (either directly or indirectly); shares issued upon the settlement of vested restricted stock units; and allocated shares in other company benefit plans. Shares that do not count toward achievement of the requirements include: unexercised outstanding stock options (whether or not vested); and unvested/unearned restricted stock and restricted stock units. Non-Employee Directors Each non-employee director has a minimum common stock ownership requirement of five times the value of the annual stock grants made by us to the non-employee director pursuant to our director compensation plan. If at any time the common stock ownership requirement is not satisfied, the director must retain 100% of the shares remaining after payment of taxes and exercise price upon exercise of stock options, the vesting of restricted stock or the settlement of vested restricted stock units, as applicable. Shares that count toward compliance with the requirements include: shares owned outright by the director (either directly or beneficially, e.g. , through a family trust); and shares issued upon the settlement of vested restricted stock units. Shares that do not count toward achievement of the requirements include: shares held by mutual or hedge funds in which the non-employee director is a general partner, limited partner, or investor; unexercised outstanding stock options (whether or not vested); unvested/unearned restricted stock units or restricted stock; and shares transferred to a non-employee director s employer pursuant to such employer s policies. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Structure and Leadership 13 Board Structure a nd Leadership All of our directors are elected at each annual meeting of stockholders and hold office until the next election. Our Board has authority under our by-laws to fill vacancies and to increase or, upon the occurrence of a vacancy, decrease its size between annual meetings of stockholders. We believe strong independent leadership is essential for the Board to effectively perform its functions and to help ensure independent oversight of management. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide the Board with the flexibility to choose the appropriate Board leadership structure for the company based on what it believes is best for the company and its stockholders at a given point in time. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines also provide that if the same person holds the chair and chief executive officer roles, or if the chair is not independent, then the independent directors will elect from among themselves, on an annual basis, a lead independent director. Our current Board leadership structure features a Board chair who also serves as our chief executive officer, a lead independent director, and strong independent committee chairs. This structure is intentionally designed to leverage the deep knowledge and leadership of our CEO, while ensuring independent Board oversight. The Board regularly reviews and assesses this leadership structure and has determined it is optimal for advancing the company s long-term value creation. In making this determination, the Board has carefully considered factors such as Mr. Sulentic s extensive experience and insight into the company and the commercial real estate sector, his pivotal contributions to driving the company toward sustained superior performance and substantial value creation over time, and the need for consistent, unified leadership to successfully execute and oversee the company s long-term strategy. The Board also recognizes the importance of its highly independent composition and the significant responsibilities entrusted to the lead independent director, both of which further strengthen the company s focus on delivering enduring value to all stakeholders. Sanjiv Yajnik has been our lead independent director since May 2025 and a member of the Board since 2017. The independent directors consider Mr. Yajnik highly qualified for the role of lead independent director, given his extensive managerial, operational, and global expertise. In his capacity as lead independent director, he acts as a liaison between the Board chair and non-management directors. Additionally, Mr. Yajnik serves as chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, where he leads corporate governance initiatives and oversees evaluations of both the Board and the CEO. The Board is confident that having a unified chair and chief executive officer role, combined with a lead independent director with comprehensive oversight responsibilities, provides the company with effective leadership to advance its objectives. Director In dependence Under our Board s Corporate Governance Guidelines and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), our Board must consist of a majority of independent directors. In addition, all members of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee (Governance Committee) must be independent directors as defined by our Corporate Governance Guidelines and NYSE listing standards. Members of the Compensation Committee must also meet applicable NYSE independence requirements for compensation committee members, and members of the Audit Committee must further satisfy a separate SEC independence requirement, which generally provides that they may not (i) accept directly or indirectly any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from us or any of our subsidiaries, other than their compensation as directors or members of the Audit Committee or any other committees of our Board or (ii) be an affiliated person of ours. Our Board regularly conducts a review of possible conflicts of interest and related-party transactions through the use of questionnaires, director self-reporting and diligence conducted by management. This review includes consideration of any investments and agreements between directors and their related persons and the company, including those described under the heading Related-Party Transactions in this Proxy Statement, and such person s beneficial ownership of our securities. The Board has determined that 80% of our director nominees (all except for Messrs. Sulentic and Clancy) are independent in accordance with NYSE listing standards and our Board s Categorical Independence Standards that it has adopted relating to our director independence. These Categorical Independence Standards are posted on the Corporate Governance section of the Investor Relations page on our website at www.cbre.com . The information contained on or available through this website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Meetings and Committees 14 Board Meeti ngs and Committees Our Board held seven meetings during fiscal year 2025 to review significant developments, engage in strategic planning, and act on matters requiring Board approval. In 2025, each incumbent director attended at least 75% of our Board meetings and meetings of committees on which he or she served (taken in the aggregate) during the period that he or she served thereon. Our Board currently has four standing committees that met or acted by written consent during fiscal year 2025: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Governance Committee, and the Finance and Investment Committee. The Board previously had an additional committee, the Executive Committee, which was replaced by the Finance and Investment Committee in May 2025. Each standing committee is composed entirely of directors whom our Board has determined to be independent under current NYSE listing standards. Each committee operates under a charter approved by our Board that sets out the purposes and responsibilities of the committee and that is published in the Corporate Governance section of the Investor Relations page on our website at www.cbre.com . In accordance with our Board s Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board and each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Governance Committee conducts an annual performance self-assessment with the purpose of increasing the effectiveness of our Board and its committees. The following table describes the current members of each of the committees of our Board and the number of meetings held by the Board and each of the committees of our Board during fiscal year 2025: Director Board Audit Compensation Governance Finance and Investment (1) Brandon B. Boze Vincent Clancy Beth F. Cobert Reginald H. Gilyard CHAIR Shira D. Goodman Gerardo I. Lopez CHAIR Guy A. Metcalfe CHAIR Robert E. Sulentic CHAIR Gunjan Soni Sanjiv Yajnik LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR CHAIR Number of Meetings 7 9 4 4 1 (1) The Finance and Investment Committee was formed in May 2025. The Executive Committee of the Board was dissolved in May 2025, and prior to its dissolution, Shira D. Goodman served as its Chair, with Brandon B. Boze and Robert E. Sulentic as members. The Executive Committee did not hold any formal meetings in 2025 but acted twice by unanimous written consent. Board Attendance at Annual Meeting of Stockholders Although the Board understands that there may be situations that prevent a director from attending an annual meeting of stockholders, it is the Board s policy that all directors should attend these meetings. Seven of our then-serving directors attended our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders on May 21, 2025. Independent Director Meetings Our non-management directors meet in executive session without management present each time the full Board convenes for a regularly scheduled meeting. If our Board convenes for a special meeting, the non-management directors will meet in executive session if circumstances warrant. The lead independent director of our Board presides over executive sessions of non-management directors. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Meetings and Committees 15 Board Com mittees Audit Committee Chair: Gerardo I. Lopez* Members: Brandon B. Boze* Beth F. Cobert Gunjan Soni* The Audit Committee provides oversight of our accounting and financial reporting and disclosure processes, the adequacy of the systems of disclosure and internal control established by management, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and the audit of our financial statements. THE AUDIT COMMITTEE ALSO: Retains, compensates, oversees, and terminates the independent auditor and evaluates its qualifications, independence and performance; Pre-approves all audit and any non-audit services performed by the independent auditor; Reviews the results of the independent audit and internal audits as well as reports from our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer, our Chief Risk, Ethics Compliance Officer, our Head of Global Audit, our Chief Information Security Officer, our Chief Knowledge Officer, our General Counsel, and our Chief Legal Administrative Officer; Reviews the independent auditor s report describing our internal quality-control procedures and any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review or any inquiry by governmental authorities; In consultation with the independent auditor, management and internal auditors, reviews the integrity of our internal and external financial reporting processes; Reviews financial statements and earnings releases and guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies; Reviews the Chief Risk, Ethics Compliance Officer s report on the effectiveness of our compliance with applicable ethical, legal, and regulatory requirements; Reviews our cybersecurity readiness and other policies and procedures related to data governance; Establishes procedures to handle complaints regarding accounting, internal controls, or auditing matters; and Oversees the company s major financial, cybersecurity, and information technology risk exposures. All members of the Audit Committee are financially literate under NYSE listing standards. * These three directors meet the SEC s qualifications for an audit committee financial expert. All members of the Audit Committee are independent within the meaning of SEC regulations, NYSE listing standards and our Board s Corporate Governance Guidelines, in each case, as such regulations, standards and guidelines apply to audit committee members. Compensation Committee Chair: Reginald H. Gilyard Members: Shira D. Goodman Guy A. Metcalfe The Compensation Committee oversees the development and administration of our executive compensation policies, plans, and programs, including reviewing and approving compensation of our executive officers and any compensation contracts or arrangements with our executive officers. THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE ALSO: Reviews the performance of our executive officers, including our CEO; Retains its independent compensation consultant, Frederic W. Cook Co., Inc. (FW Cook). FW Cook reports directly to the Compensation Committee, attends meetings, and provides advice to the Compensation Committee; and Considers the results of annual stockholder advisory votes on the compensation of our named executive officers in connection with the discharge of its responsibilities. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board Meetings and Committees 16 Each Compensation Committee member qualifies as a non-employee director for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). All members of the Compensation Committee are independent within the meaning of SEC regulations, NYSE listing standards and our Board s Corporate Governance Guidelines, in each case, as such regulations, standards and guidelines apply to compensation committee members. Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Chair: Sanjiv Yajnik Members: Beth F. Cobert Gerardo I. Lopez The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee oversees our Board s corporate governance procedures and practices, including: Developing and recommending to our Board a set of corporate governance principles, including nomination criteria and independence standards; Recommendations of individuals for service on our Board; Recommendations to our Board regarding the size, composition, structure, operations, performance, and effectiveness of the Board; Conducting a periodic review of director compensation; Considering feedback obtained from stockholder outreach; and Overseeing annual Board, committee, and individual director evaluations and self-assessments. All members of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee are independent within the meaning of SEC regulations and NYSE listing standards. Finance and Investment Committee Chair: Guy A. Metcalfe Members: Brandon B. Boze Shira D. Goodman The Finance and Investment Committee implements policy decisions of our Board and is authorized to act on our Board s behalf between meetings of our Board, including by approving certain transactions within dollar thresholds established by our Board. The Finance and Investment Committee also engages in the periodic review of our balance sheet management, borrowings, and capital markets activities. Such matters subject to the Finance and Investment Committee's review includes proposed major borrowings, issuance of equity or debt securities, updates to the company's capital allocation strategy, strategic transactions, and the company s annual budget. Compensation Committee I nterlocks and Insider Participation None of Ms. Goodman, or Messrs. Gilyard or Metcalfe (all current members of the Compensation Committee) has ever been an officer or employee of the company or any of its subsidiaries. In addition, during 2025, none of our directors were employed as an executive officer of another entity where any of our executive officers served on that entity s board of directors or compensation committee (or its equivalent). Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SELECTED AREAS OF BOARD OVERSIGHT 17 Selected Areas of B oard Oversight Oversight of Risk Management The Board oversees risk management . Full Board Our Board regularly reviews information regarding our most significant strategic, operational, financial and compliance risks and is responsible for ensuring that the company has crisis management and business continuity plans in place to deal with potential crises. Our Board maintains direct oversight over our enterprise risk management process rather than delegating this function to a Board or management committee. Although each committee is responsible for evaluating certain risks and overseeing the management of such risks, the entire Board is regularly informed through committee chair reports about such risks. These committee chair reports are presented at every regularly scheduled Board meeting. Company management is charged with managing risk through rigorous risk mitigation activities and strong internal controls . Management Our Executive Risk Committee (ERC) is chaired by the Vice President, Enterprise Risk Management and consists of executive business leadership, risk stewards, and applicable functional advisors. The ERC is responsible for providing advice and guidance to the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) team on the top risks facing CBRE. After this identification and assessment process, each of our top risks is assigned to a risk owner, who is then charged with developing mitigation action plans which are then presented to the ERC. The ERC promotes a strong risk culture, reviews key risk issues and emerging threats, and monitors the progress of the ERM program. It facilitates cross-functional collaboration, escalates significant risks to executive leadership and the Board, and ensures that risk management is integrated into strategy development and execution. The ERC meets regularly to review risk assessment outcomes, advise on ERM program topics, and allocate resources as necessary. Annually, our Chief Risk, Ethics Compliance Officer provides a detailed presentation on significant risks to the Board. Board committees, which meet regularly and report back to the full Board, play significant roles in carrying out our Board s risk oversight function. The Audit Committee oversees management of risks related to our financial reports and record-keeping and potential conflicts of interest. It also oversees our risk assessment and risk management processes more generally including major business, financial, information technology risks (including cybersecurity and data security risks), legal, and reputational risk exposures, as well as risks related to crisis management and business continuity. The Audit Committee receives regular reports from our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer, our Deputy Chief Financial Officer, our Chief Risk, Ethics Compliance Officer, our Head of Global Audit, our Chief Information Security Officer, our Chief Knowledge Officer, our General Counsel, as well as updates from our Chief Legal Administrative Officer on any developments affecting our overall risk profile and on issues of non-compliance and incident management. The Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to our compensation plans and arrangements. For additional information regarding the Compensation Committee s assessment of our compensation-related risks, please see Compensation Discussion and Analysis Section 3. How We Make Compensation Decisions Compensation Risk Assessment. The Governance Committee manages risks associated with corporate governance practices, investor engagement, Board independence, and the composition of our Board and its committees. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE 18 Oversight of Strategy Our Board is responsible for providing governance and oversight over the strategy, operations, and management of our company. Each quarter, our Board and management devote a substantial amount of time in strategy-focused meetings discussing strategic issues that are most important to the company. At each regular Board meeting, our Board receives business and strategy updates from leaders across the company and reviews our operating plans and overall financial performance, and provides significant guidance and feedback. Annually, our Board reviews and approves our capital allocation and spending budgets, which are designed to strategically deploy capital intended to facilitate investments required to achieve operational excellence. Oversight of Sustainability, Social, and Artificial Intelligence Risks Our Board oversees our strategic planning and risk management policies and procedures related to sustainability, social, and artificial intelligence risks. Our Board has made a deliberate decision to retain governance for these matters at the Board level rather than delegating to a committee because it believes that these matters are integral to the company s future success. The Board receives periodic reports from management and participates in ongoing discussions regarding these matters. Our Board also receives annual updates on how these risks are being addressed, mitigated, and managed across the company. Oversight of Succession Planning Our Board reviews management succession and development plans with the CEO on at least an annual basis, and as needed throughout the year. These plans include CEO succession in the event of an emergency or retirement, as well as the succession plans for the CEO s direct reports and other employees critical to our continued operations and success. Culture Our Values-Driven Culture We are committed to our RISE values (respect, integrity, service, and excellence), which underpin everything we do and enable us to help people and businesses thrive. We work to create opportunities for all of our people to realize their potential. We are committed to the following principles around a values-driven culture: We work to maintain a culture of excellence that gives every employee the opportunity and support to succeed and rewards top performance. We foster an environment where all of our people feel they belong, are heard, and are valued, which creates a more engaged and productive workforce. We aspire to be a company that is diverse across all dimensions. We have a deeper talent pool, build stronger teams and create better outcomes with the benefit of various perspectives, backgrounds, and life experiences. We have zero tolerance for discrimination in any form and insist on a workplace where everyone is treated fairly and with respect. We strive to build and maintain a meaningful relationship with a broad range of clients, suppliers, and partners. Our workforce is enriched by individuals from a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and work and life experiences. Our annual Corporate Responsibility Report includes public disclosures of demographics, including diversity data contained in our EEO-1 Submission, for our U.S. workforce, in accordance with U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requirements and other relevant information. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE SUSTAINABILITY 19 Community Impact Through our CBRE Cares program, we are committed to fostering thriving communities and empowering our employees to make a meaningful difference. CBRE Cares provides resources to encourage employees to volunteer with and give to nonprofit organizations, supporting the causes that resonate most deeply with them. Additionally, we provide crucial support in times of crisis, swiftly activating the CBRE Employee Resilience Fund to assist colleagues experiencing hardship due to natural disasters. We also amplify this support through organized fundraisers, which include corporate matching to maximize impact. Our strategic grant program, the CBRE Thrive Fund, extends our reach by partnering with organizations dedicated to environmental sustainability and workforce development, ultimately building more sustainable and inclusive communities for all. Sustain ability As the world s largest manager of commercial properties, we are positioned to accelerate the decarbonization of commercial real estate through our work for clients, across our value chain and in our own operations. CBRE s leadership driving sustainability progress is anchored in our commitment to Net Zero carbon emissions. Sustainability provides a competitive advantage by scaling holistic solutions across our managed portfolio to meet client demand, creating value and driving cost efficiencies, reducing risk, ensuring regulatory readiness, improving operational performance, and leading market positioning. Our Climate Transition Strategy provides a roadmap to help us achieve Net Zero emissions by 2040, and by 2030, reduce both our Scope 1 and 2 absolute emissions by 50% and emissions from properties we manage for clients by 55% per square foot from 2019 baselines. These goals are validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. We align our business activities with our commitments across four key pathways: maximize resource efficiency, increase renewable energy, electrify operations, and decarbonize supply chain. Key initiatives include purchasing 100% renewable energy for our offices and electrifying our vehicle fleet. Our efforts have been recognized for our sustainability performance, which can be found above under the heading Proxy Summary Awards Recognition. We provide our stakeholders with detailed information about our sustainability targets, initiatives, and progress in line with leading global disclosure frameworks in our Climate Transition Strategy at www.cbre.com/corporatesustainability and Corporate Responsibility Report at www.cbre.com/responsibility . The information contained on or available through our website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Proxy Statement. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 20 Stockholder E ngagement We believe that engagement with our stockholders provides us with a valuable understanding of our stockholders perspectives and meaningful opportunities to share our views with them. Throughout the year, management and members of our Board engage with a significant portion of our stockholders through a variety of forums. Our interactions cover a broad range of governance, financial, and business topics. Stockholder feedback is regularly provided to the Board and the company s management. A brief description of our stockholder engagement efforts are outlined below. How We Engage Quarterly earning calls Investor conferences Annual Shareholder Meeting Stockholder Outreach Program 2025 Engagements As part of our stockholder outreach program, we extended invitations to institutional stockholders holding in the aggregate approximately 60% of our shares outstanding to discuss governance matters We met with stockholders representing approximately 19% of our shares outstanding How We Communicate Annual Report Proxy Statement SEC filings Press releases Company website Corporate Responsibility Report 2025 Engagement Topics Strategy and execution Board composition and leadership structure Succession planning Sustainability Executive compensation Human capital / health safety Communicat ions with our Board Stockholders and other interested parties may write to the Board Chair, Lead Independent Director, the entire Board, or any of its members by mail at: CBRE Group, Inc. c/o Chad J. Doellinger, Chief Legal Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary 2121 North Pearl Street, Suite 300 Dallas, Texas 75201 The Board considers stockholder questions and comments to be important and endeavors to respond promptly and appropriately, even though the Board may not be able to respond to all stockholder inquiries directly. The Board has developed a process to assist with managing inquiries and communications. The Chief Legal Administrative Officer will review any stockholder communications and will forward to the Board Chair, Lead Independent Director, our Board, or any of its members a summary and/or copies of any such correspondence that deals with the functions of our Board or committees thereof or that the Chief Legal Administrative Officer otherwise determines requires their attention. Certain circumstances may require that our Board depart from the procedures described above, such as the receipt of threatening letters or emails or voluminous inquiries with respect to the same subject matter. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS DIRECTOR NOMINATION CRITERIA 21 P roposal 1: Elect Directors Our Board has nominated 10 directors for election at this Annual Meeting to hold office until the next annual meeting and the election of their successors. All of the nominees were selected to serve on our Board based the following criteria: outstanding achievement in their professional careers; broad experience; personal and professional integrity; their ability to make independent, analytical inquiries; financial literacy; mature judgment; high-performance standards; familiarity with our business and industry; and an ability to work collegially. We believe that all of our director nominees have a reputation for honesty and adherence to high ethical standards. Each agreed to be named in this Proxy Statement and to serve if elected. Director Nomin ation Criteria Our Board seeks directors who represent a mix of backgrounds and experiences that will enhance the quality of our Board s deliberations and decisions. Our Board does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, religion, disability, or sexual orientation or any other category protected by law. When evaluating candidates, our Board considers whether potential nominees possess integrity, accountability, informed judgment, financial literacy, mature confidence, and high-performance standards. Our Board is especially interested in adding candidates over time who are operating executives (particularly current chief executives or other operating executives of other large public companies) or who have a strong technology background and in both cases a passion for building a transformative business on a global basis. Other factors include having directors with international experience, including knowledge of emerging markets or management of business operations and resources that are dispersed across a global platform. Director Ind ependence A majority of our Board must be independent under our Corporate Governance Guidelines and NYSE listing standards. Also, at least one member of our Audit Committee should have the qualifications and skills necessary to be considered an Audit Committee Financial Expert under Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as defined by the rules of the SEC. Director Service on Other Pu blic Company Boards Our Board recognizes that service on other public company boards provides directors valuable experience that benefits the company. Our Board also believes, however, that it is critical that directors dedicate sufficient time to their service on the company s Board. Directors are expected to advise the chair of the Governance Committee in advance of accepting an invitation to serve on another board of directors. This allows the Governance Committee to evaluate the impact of the director joining another board based on various factors relevant to the specific situation, including the nature and extent of a director s other professional obligations, potential conflicts of interest and the time commitment required by the new position. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS DIRECTOR NOMINATION CRITERIA 22 Our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that: Directors who are public company executive officers may sit on no more than one additional public company boards; and Directors who are not public company executive officers may sit on no more than three additional public company boards. The Governance Committee also takes into consideration the nature of and time involved in a director s service on other boards (including public company leadership roles) and other outside commitments when evaluating the suitability of individual directors. The Governance Committee conducts an annual review of director commitment levels and affirms that all of our director nominees are compliant with the company s overboarding policy. Director Resignation P olicy Upon Change of Employment Our Board s Corporate Governance Guidelines require that directors tender their resignation upon a change of their employment. The Governance Committee will then consider whether the change in employment has any bearing on the director s ability to serve on our Board, our Board s goals regarding Board composition or any other factors considered appropriate and relevant. Our Board will then determine whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation. Majority Voti ng to Elect Directors In uncontested elections, directors are elected by a majority vote requirement. Under this requirement, in order for a nominee to be elected in an uncontested election, the nominee must receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast in his or her election ( i.e. , votes cast FOR a nominee must exceed votes cast AGAINST such nominee). Votes to ABSTAIN with respect to a nominee and broker non-votes are not considered votes cast, and so will not affect the outcome of the nominee s election. The company maintains a plurality vote standard in contested director elections, where the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected. If an incumbent director in an uncontested election does not receive a majority of votes cast for such incumbent s election, the director is required to submit a letter of resignation to the Board for consideration by the Governance Committee. The Governance Committee is required to promptly assess the appropriateness of such nominee continuing to serve as a director and recommend to the Board the action to be taken with respect to the tendered resignation. The Board will act on the Governance Committee s recommendation within 90 days of the date of the certification of election results. Required Vote This is an uncontested Board election. In order to be elected, each nominee must receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on his or her election ( i.e. , votes cast FOR a nominee must exceed votes cast AGAINST such nominee). Votes to ABSTAIN with respect to a nominee and broker non-votes are not considered votes cast, and so will not affect the outcome of the nominee s election. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS DIRECTOR NOMINATION PROCESS 23 Director Nomina tion Process The Governance Committee is responsible for identifying and evaluating potential candidates and recommending candidates to our Board for nomination. It also performs assessments of the skills and experiences needed to properly oversee our interests. Step 1. IDENTIFY AND RECRUIT DIRECTOR CANDIDATES The Governance Committee regularly reviews the composition of our Board and determines whether the addition of directors with particular experience, skills, or characteristics would make our Board more effective. When a need arises to fill a vacancy, or it is determined that a director possessing particular experiences, skills or characteristics would make our Board more effective, the Governance Committee conducts targeted efforts to identify and recruit individuals who have the necessary qualifications. As a part of the search process, the Governance Committee: May consult with other directors and members of our senior management; and May also hire a search firm to assist in identifying and evaluating potential candidates. Step 2. INTERVIEWS All potential candidates are interviewed by our CEO, our Lead Independent Director, our Governance Committee Chair, and, to the extent practicable, the other members of the Governance Committee, and may be interviewed by other directors and members of senior management as desired and as schedules permit. Step 3. DIRECTOR CANDIDATE QUESTIONNAIRE The Chief Legal Administrative Officer: Reviews a director questionnaire submitted by the candidate; and Conducts a background and reference check as appropriate. Step 4. APPROVE FINAL CANDIDATES RECOMMEND CANDIDATE(S) TO BOARD The Governance Committee narrows down the list of final candidates. The final candidates are interviewed by all remaining directors as schedules permit. The Governance Committee meets to consider the final candidates and makes its recommendation to the Board to nominate or appoint the new director. The selection process for candidates is intended to be flexible, and the Governance Committee, in the exercise of its discretion, may deviate from the selection process when particular circumstances so warrant. The Governance Committee will also consider candidates recommended to our Board by our stockholders. See Stockholder Recommendations of Director Candidates in this Proxy Statement for more information. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS DIRECTOR NOMINATION PROCESS 24 Director Nominee S kills and Experience Matrix Our director nominees bring a well-rounded variety of experiences, qualifications, attributes, and skills, and represent a mix of deep knowledge of the company and fresh perspectives. The director nominee skills and experience matrix below summarizes some of the key attributes that our Board has identified as particularly valuable to the effective oversight of our company and the execution of our corporate strategy. This director nominee skills and experience matrix is not intended to be an exhaustive list of each of our director nominees skills or contributions to the Board. Further information on each director nominee, including some of their specific experience, qualifications, attributes, and skills is included in the biographies in the section titled Proposal 1: Elect Directors Our 2026 Director Nominees of this Proxy Statement. Skill Boze Clancy Cobert Gilyard Goodman Lopez Metcalfe Soni Sulentic Yajnik Artificial Intelligence (AI) Cybersecurity Finance and Accounting Global Business Operations Human Capital Management M A Other Public Company Board Service Real Estate Industry Experience Risk Management Senior Leadership/CEO Sustainability Technology and Innovation Demographic Background Board Tenure (Years) 13 1 9 7 7 10 2 1 13 8 Age 45 61 67 62 65 66 58 46 69 69 Gender M M F M F M M F M M Race/Ethnicity Asian Black/African American Hispanic/Latino White/Caucasian Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS DIRECTOR NOMINATION PROCESS 25 Skills and Experience Definitions Artificial Intelligence (AI) Experience in AI opportunities and implementation of AI tools and business strategies, and related risk management. Cybersecurity Experience in the development of technology and processes that protect the storage of information and maintain confidentiality. Finance and Accounting High-level expertise in finance and accounting, gained through (i) experience as an operating executive with responsibility for all or a portion of a company s financial reporting, (ii) experience in the financial sector or private equity or as an audit committee member for publicly traded companies, or (iii) an educational background or training in accounting or finance. Global Business Operations International experience, including knowledge of emerging markets or management of business operations and resources that are dispersed across a global platform. Human Capital Management Experience and expertise related to human resource issues such as attracting and retaining talent, succession planning, engagement of employees, and the development and evolution of culture, including the alignment of culture and long-term strategy. M A Experience overseeing investment capital decisions, strategic investments, and mergers and acquisitions. Other Public Company Board Service Experience serving on the boards of other public companies. Real Estate Industry Experience Deep commercial real estate operating and investment experience. Risk Management Experience assessing risk and reviewing measures to address and mitigate material risks. Senior Leadership/CEO Experience serving in senior leadership roles at a large organization. Sustainability Experience in sustainability initiatives and practices. Of the director nominees that indicated they have Sustainability skills, Mr. Sulentic has Technical Expertise, Mr. Sulentic and Mr. Clancy have Managerial Expertise, and Messrs. Boze, Gilyard, and Yajnik and Mses. Goodman and Soni have Working Knowledge, each as defined below. Technical Expertise: Direct hands-on experience or a subject matter expert. Managerial Expertise: Expertise derived through direct managerial experience. Working Knowledge: Experience derived through serving as a member of a relevant board committee at the company or another public company or serving as an executive officer or on the board of a public company. Technology and Innovation Experience in technology-related business, technological functions or experience implementing innovative technological business strategies, as well as an understanding of emerging technology trends. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS OUR 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES 26 Our 2026 Direc tor Nominees For our upcoming annual meeting, the Board recommends the election of each nominee as a director. Each nominee has informed the Board that he or she is willing to serve as a director. A brief biography summarizing the background and qualifications of each director nominee is provided below. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the following 2026 Director Nominees for a one-year term. Brandon B. Boze Age: 45 Director Since: December 2012 Independent Board Committees: Audit Finance and Investment Skills Experience Finance and Accounting Global Business Operations Human Capital Management M A Other Public Company Board Service Real Estate Industry Experience Risk Management Senior Leadership/CEO Sustainability Technology and Innovation Qualifications Mr. Boze is the Managing Principal of Bridges Capital LLC, founded in 2024 to invest in commercial real estate properties primarily in the San Francisco Bay Area. Mr. Boze served as the Independent Chair of our Board from May 2018 to November 2023. He served as the President, a Partner, and a member of the Management Committee of ValueAct Capital, a privately owned investment firm from August 2005 to January 2024. Prior to joining ValueAct Capital, Mr. Boze was an investment banker at Lehman Brothers. Mr. Boze brings to our Board experience in finance, strategy, mergers and acquisitions, and investments. He previously served on the board of directors of Trinity Industries, Inc. and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International. Mr. Boze holds a B.E. from Vanderbilt University and is a CFA charterholder . Other Public Company Boards None. Vincent Clancy Age: 61 Director Since: January 2025 Board Committee: None Skills Experience Global Business Operations Human Capital Management M A Real Estate Industry Experience Risk Management Senior Leadership/CEO Sustainability Qualifications Mr. Clancy is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Turner Townsend, a London-based company that provides program management, cost consultancy, and project management services globally. Turner Townsend has been a majority-owned subsidiary of CBRE since 2021. Mr. Clancy joined Turner Townsend in 1989. He has served as Chief Executive Officer since 2008 and Chairman since 2015. Before being named Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Clancy led the company s international business and prior to that, its United Kingdom cost management business. Mr. Clancy brings to our Board more than 35 years of real estate experience with in-depth experience in the set-up, procurement, and delivery of highly complex major programs across real estate, infrastructure, energy, and natural resources. Mr. Clancy is a Chartered Member of the Royal Institute of Surveyors and holds a degree in Construction Economics from London South Bank University. Other Public Company Boards None. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS OUR 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES 27 Beth F. Cobert Age: 67 Director Since: May 2017 Independent Board Committees: Audit Governance Skills Experience Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Finance and Accounting Global Business Operations Human Capital Management M A Real Estate Industry Experience Risk Management Senior Leadership/CEO Technology and Innovation Qualifications Ms. Cobert has served as the President, Affiliates and Strategic Partnerships of Strada Education Foundation, since October 2024. She previously served as the President of the Markle Foundation from September 2023 to February 2024, where she led Markle s Rework America Alliance, a partnership of civil rights organizations, non-profits, private sector employers, labor unions, educators, and others working to open opportunities for career advancement. She previously served as the Acting President of the Markle Foundation from September 2022 to September 2023 and its Chief Operating Officer from July 2020 to September 2022. Ms. Cobert also led Markle s Skillful initiative as Chief Executive Officer from June 2017 to July 2021. She previously served as the Acting Director of the U.S. Office of Personnel Management from July 2015 to January 2017, and as the Deputy Director for Management of the U.S. Office of Management and Budget from October 2013 to July 2015. From 2001 to 2013, Ms. Cobert served as a Senior Partner at McKinsey Company, a global business strategy consulting firm. From 1990 to 2001, Ms. Cobert was a Partner at McKinsey Company. She joined the firm in 1984 as an Associate and served in various leadership roles at McKinsey Company. Ms. Cobert brings to our Board nearly 30 years of experience as a consultant in business strategy, where she worked with corporate, non-profit, and government entities on key strategic, operational, and organizational issues across a range of sectors, including financial services, health care, legal services, real estate, and telecommunications. Our Board also benefits from Ms. Cobert s government service. Ms. Cobert serves on the Board of Trustees of Princeton University, is a business member on the Colorado Workforce Development Council, and a committee member of the National Artificial Intelligence Advisory Council. She previously served as a member of the board of directors and chair of the United Way of the Bay Area and as a member of the Stanford University Graduate School of Business Advisory Council. Ms. Cobert holds a B.A. from Princeton University and an M.B.A. from Stanford University. Other Public Company Boards None. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS OUR 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES 28 Reginald H. Gilyard Age: 62 Director Since: November 2018 Independent Board Committee: Compensation (Chair) Skills Experience Cybersecurity Global Business Operations Human Capital Management M A Other Public Company Board Service Real Estate Industry Experience Risk Management Sustainability Technology and Innovation Qualifications Mr. Gilyard has served as a Senior Advisor to The Boston Consulting Group, Inc. (BCG), a global management consulting firm, since August 2017. Prior to this role, Mr. Gilyard served as the Dean of the Argyros School of Business and Economics at Chapman University from August 2012 to July 2017. Prior to joining Chapman University, Mr. Gilyard served as Partner and Managing Director at BCG, where he led strategy, M A, and business transformation initiatives for large corporations, from 1996 to 2012. Prior to BCG, he served nine years in the U.S. Air Force and three years in the U.S. Air Force Reserves, rising to Major in the Reserves. Mr. Gilyard brings to our Board more than 25 years of experience developing and implementing successful strategies for Fortune 500 companies, educational institutions, and large national foundations. He serves on the board of directors of First American Financial Corporation, Orion Properties Inc., and Realty Income Corporation. Mr. Gilyard holds a B.S. from the United States Air Force Academy, an M.S. from the United States Air Force Institute of Technology, and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Other Public Company Boards First American Financial Corporation Orion Properties Inc. Realty Income Corporation Shira D. Goodman Age: 65 Director Since: May 2019 Independent Board Committees: Compensation Finance and Investment Skills Experience Finance and Accounting Global Business Operations Human Capital Management M A Other Public Company Board Service Risk Management Senior Leadership/CEO Sustainability Qualifications Ms. Goodman currently provides executive coaching services to business and non-profit leaders. She previously served as an Advisory Director to Charlesbank Capital Partners, a private equity firm, from January 2019 to December 2024. Ms. Goodman served as the Chief Executive Officer of Staples, Inc. from September 2016 to January 2018. She served in roles with increasing responsibility at Staples since joining Staples in 1992, including President and Interim Chief Executive Officer from June 2016 to September 2016, President, North American Operations from January 2016 to June 2016, and President, North American Commercial from February 2014 to June 2016. Prior to that, she served as Executive Vice President of Global Growth from February 2012 to February 2014, Executive Vice President of Human Resources from March 2009 to February 2012, Executive Vice President of Marketing from May 2001 to March 2009, and in various other management positions. Prior to Staples, Ms. Goodman worked at Bain Company from 1986 to 1992, in project design, client relationships, and case team management. Ms. Goodman brings to our Board more than 25 years of experience in business operations, marketing, sales force management, human resources, business growth, and distribution logistics. She also served as the Board s Lead Independent Director from November 2023 to May 2025. She serves on the board of directors of Burlington Stores, Inc. and CarMax, Inc. and previously served on the board of directors of Henry Schein, Inc., Staples, Inc., and The Stride Rite Corporation. Ms. Goodman holds a B.A. from Princeton University, an M.S. in Management from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a J.D. from Harvard University. Other Public Company Boards Burlington Stores, Inc. CarMax, Inc. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS OUR 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES 29 Gerardo I. Lopez Age: 66 Director Since: October 2015 Independent Board Committees: Audit (Chair) Governance Skills Experience Finance and Accounting Global Business Operations Human Capital Management M A Other Public Company Board Service Real Estate Industry Experience Risk Management Senior Leadership/CEO Technology and Innovation Qualifications Mr. Lopez served as an Executive-in-Residence at Softbank Investment Advisers, Inc. from October 2021 to October 2022 and previously served as an Operating Partner and Head of its Operating Group from December 2018 to October 2021. Prior to Softbank, he served as an Operating Partner at High Bluff Capital from June 2018 to December 2018. From January 2018 to March 2018, Mr. Lopez served as a Senior Advisor to Extended Stay America, Inc. and its paired-share REIT, ESH Hospitality, Inc. and was its President and Chief Executive Officer from August 2015 to December 2017. Mr. Lopez previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiary, AMC Entertainment Inc., from March 2009 through August 2015. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President of Starbucks Coffee Company and President of its Global Consumer Products, Seattle s Best Coffee and Foodservice divisions from September 2004 to March 2009, and President of the Handleman Entertainment Resources division of Handleman Company from November 2001 to September 2004. Mr. Lopez has also held a variety of executive management positions with International Home Foods, Frito Lay, Pepsi-Cola, and the Procter Gamble Company. Mr. Lopez brings to our Board his skills, knowledge, and business leadership as a senior executive at hospitality, entertainment, and consumer products companies. He has over 35 years of experience in marketing, sales, and operations and management in public and private companies and has public company experience across diverse consumer-focused industries. He serves on the board of directors of MGP Ingredients, Inc., Newell Brands, and Realty Income Corporation, and previously served on the board of directors of Brinker International, Inc., Extended Stay America, Inc., AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc., Digital Cinema Implementation Partners, National Cinemedia, LLC, Open Road Films, Safeco Insurance, TXU, Inc., and Recreational Equipment, Inc. Mr. Lopez holds a B.A. from George Washington University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Other Public Company Boards MGP Ingredients, Inc. Newell Brands Realty Income Corporation Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS OUR 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES 30 Guy A. Metcalfe Age: 58 Director Since: February 2024 Independent Board Committees: Finance and Investment (Chair) Compensation Skills Experience Finance and Accounting Global Business Operations Human Capital Management M A Other Public Company Board Service Real Estate Industry Experience Risk Management Senior Leadership/CEO Qualifications Mr. Metcalfe previously served as a Managing Director, member of the Investment Banking Executive Committee and Global Chairman of Real Estate at Morgan Stanley, until his retirement in January 2024. He led Morgan Stanley s real estate investment banking business for over two decades. Mr. Metcalfe brings to our Board extensive transactional and commercial real estate experience. Over the years, he has served as a trusted strategic advisor to CBRE and has been involved in notable capital-raising, M A, and capital markets transactions for the company. In addition, he has facilitated some of the most transformational transactions in the real estate industry. Mr. Metcalfe serves on the board of directors of Prologis, Inc., a global real estate company and logistics solutions provider, and on the board of trustees of RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust. Mr. Metcalfe is also a senior advisor to KKR Co., a publicly-traded global investment firm. He is Co-Chair of the board of directors of the Child Mind Institute, an independent, not-for-profit organization focused on improving the lives of children and families facing mental health and learning challenges. Mr. Metcalfe holds a B.A. in Business Administration (honors) from the Ivey Business School at the University of Western Ontario. Other Public Company Boards Prologis, Inc. RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust Gunjan Soni Age: 46 Director Since: July 2024 Independent Board Committee: Audit Skills Experience Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Finance and Accounting Global Business Operations Human Capital Management M A Other Public Company Board Service Risk Management Senior Leadership/CEO Sustainability Technology and Innovation Qualifications Ms. Soni has served as Country Managing Director of YouTube India since April 2025. She previously served as the Chief Executive Officer of Zalora, a fashion e-commerce platform in Southeast Asia, from January 2019 to March 2025, and served as the Chief Operating Officer of its parent, Global Fashion Group S.A., from February 2023 to February 2025. Prior to joining Zalora, Ms. Soni served as Chief Marketing Officer of Myntra, an online fashion retailer in India, from December 2015 to October 2018, and ran its subsidiary, Jabong, from February 2017 to October 2018. She earlier was a partner at McKinsey Company and started her career as a software engineer. Ms. Soni previously served as a member of the management board of Global Fashion Group S.A. and the board of directors of Zomato Limited. She brings to our Board over 20 years of experience in technology, strategy, and the Asian business landscape. Ms. Soni has been recognized as a young leader in business and technology in Asia, and was previously named to Fortune India's 40 Under 40 list. Ms. Soni holds a B.E. in Computer Science from Government Engineering College Bhopal and an M.B.A. from XLRI Jamshedpur. Other Public Company Boards None. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS OUR 2026 DIRECTOR NOMINEES 31 Robert E. Sulentic Age: 69 Director Since: December 2012 Board Chair Board Committee: None Skills Experience Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Finance and Accounting Global Business Operations Human Capital Management M A Other Public Company Board Service Real Estate Industry Experience Risk Management Senior Leadership/CEO Sustainability Technology and Innovation Qualifications Mr. Sulentic has been our President and CEO since December 2012. He assumed additional responsibilities as Board Chair in November 2023. Previously, he served in several senior leadership roles, including Group President with responsibility for Asia Pacific, EMEA, and the Development Services business; Chief Financial Officer; and President with responsibility for all business segments. At Trammell Crow Company, which CBRE acquired in December 2006, Mr. Sulentic served as Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, and Board Chair. This deep and varied background enables Mr. Sulentic to bring significant strategic, financial, and operating skills to our Board. Mr. Sulentic previously served on the following public company boards: CBRE Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (Board Chair), which merged with Altus Power, Inc.; Staples, Inc. (Independent Board Chair); and Trammell Crow Company (Board Chair). Mr. Sulentic holds a B.A. from Iowa State University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Other Public Company Boards None. Sanjiv Yajnik Age: 69 Director Since: November 2017 Lead Independent Director Board Committee: Governance (Chair) Skills Experience Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Finance and Accounting Global Business Operations Human Capital Management M A Real Estate Industry Experience Risk Management Senior Leadership/CEO Sustainability Technology and Innovation Qualifications Mr. Yajnik has served as our Lead Independent Director since May 2025. He has been the President of Capital One Financial Services, a division of Capital One, since June 2009 and also serves on Capital One s Executive Committee. In addition, Mr. Yajnik oversees Capital One s community relations throughout Texas, Oklahoma, and Louisiana as President of the company s South-Central Region. Since joining Capital One in 1998, he has held a number of senior leadership positions in Europe, Canada, and the United States. Prior to Capital One, he held leadership positions at PepsiCo and Circuit City and was a Chief Engineer for Mobil Oil Corporation s shipping business. He is a member of the board of directors of Khan Academy, serves as the Chair of the Collin County Business Alliance and Co-Chair of the Indian American CEO (IACEO) Council, and is a member of the executive board of the Dallas Symphony Association. Mr. Yajnik previously served as Chair of the Dallas Symphony Association and Texas Economic Development Corporation. Mr. Yajnik brings to our Board his broad business background and his experience in leading the transformation of a large, service-oriented global organization through technology enablement. Mr. Yajnik received an M.B.A. with honors from the University of Western Ontario, Canada, and completed the Executive Management Program at Stanford University. He is a medalist Chartered Engineer (I) and graduated with distinction from the Marine Engineering Research Institute, India. Other Public Company Boards None. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 32 Director Comp ensation 2025 Director Compensation Policy Our 2025 director compensation policy provides for the following annual compensation for each of our non-employee directors: BOARD RETAINER $110,000 in cash, payable upon commencement of director s annual term. RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT $250,000, granted on the date of the Annual Meeting and vesting on the earlier of the one-year anniversary of grant or the next annual meeting. ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION FOR LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR AND COMMITTEE CHAIRS Payable in cash upon commencement of director s annual term. Lead Independent Director / Governance Committee Chair Retainer $90,000 Audit Committee Chair Retainer $40,000 Compensation Committee Chair Retainer $40,000 Finance and Investment Committee Chair Retainer $40,000 Our non-employee directors may elect to receive shares of our common stock in lieu of cash payments (in like amounts). Non-employee directors who are appointed or elected off-cycle ( i.e. , outside an annual meeting) receive a pro rata portion of their cash retainer and restricted stock unit grant based on the length of their service until the next annual meeting. Our non-employee directors are eligible to defer their compensation through our Deferred Compensation Plan, as described under Executive Compensation Summary of Plans, Programs, and Agreements Deferred Compensation Plan. We also reimburse our non-employee directors for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in the performance of their duties as directors. Employee directors do not receive any fees for attendance at meetings or for their service on our Board. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 33 2025 Director Compensation The following table provides information regarding compensation earned during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 by each non-employee director for his or her Board and committee service. For stock awards in the table below, the dollar amounts indicated reflect the aggregate grant date fair value for awards granted during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Each of Robert E. Sulentic, who is our Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and Vincent Clancy, who is Chief Executive Officer of our majority-owned subsidiary, Turner Townsend, is not compensated for his role as a director. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) ($) Stock Awards (2)(3) ($) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) Total ($) Brandon B. Boze 110,000 249,959 359,959 Beth F. Cobert 110,000 249,959 359,959 Reginald H. Gilyard 150,000 249,959 399,959 Shira D. Goodman 110,000 249,959 359,959 E.M. Blake Hutcheson (4) Christopher T. Jenny (4) Gerardo I. Lopez 150,000 249,959 399,959 Guy A. Metcalfe 150,000 249,959 399,959 Oscar Munoz (4) Gunjan Soni 110,000 249,959 359,959 Sanjiv Yajnik 200,000 249,959 449,959 (1) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Column This includes fees associated with the annual Board service retainer, including service as lead independent director and chairing a Board committee. Our non-employee directors may elect to receive shares of our common stock in lieu of cash payments (in like amounts). We reflect these stock in lieu of cash payments under the column titled Fees Earned or Paid in Cash and not under the Stock Awards column. (2) Stock Awards Column Represents the grant date fair value under Financial Accounting Standards Board, Accounting Standards Codification (ASC), Topic 718, Stock Compensation, of all restricted stock units granted to the directors during 2025. See also Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies and Note 15 Employee Benefit Plans to our consolidated financial statements as reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 for a discussion of the valuation of our stock awards. Shares vest in full on the earlier of the one-year anniversary of grant or the next annual meeting of stockholders. (3) Stock Awards Column Each of Mses. Cobert, Goodman, and Soni and Messrs. Boze, Gilyard, Lopez, Metcalfe, and Yajnik was awarded 2,068 restricted stock units pursuant to our director compensation policy. These restricted stock units were valued at the fair market value of our common stock of $120.87 per share on the award date of May 21, 2025. (4) Messrs. Hutcheson, Jenny, and Munoz did not stand for re-election in order to pursue other opportunities and retired from the Board effective as of our May 2025 annual meeting. Accordingly, they did not receive an annual Board service retainer or restricted stock unit award as a director in 2025. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 1: ELECT DIRECTORS DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 34 Outstanding Stock Awards (RSUs) The table below shows the aggregate number of stock awards ( i.e. , restricted stock units) outstanding for each non-employee director as of December 31, 2025 (no option awards were outstanding on that date): Name Aggregate Number of Stock Awards Outstanding Aggregate Number of Shares Underlying Options Outstanding Brandon B. Boze 2,068 Beth F. Cobert 2,068 Reginald H. Gilyard 2,068 Shira D. Goodman 2,068 E.M. Blake Hutcheson (1) Christopher T. Jenny (1) Gerardo I. Lopez 2,068 Guy A. Metcalfe 2,068 Oscar Munoz (1) Gunjan Soni 2,068 Sanjiv Yajnik 2,068 (1) Messrs. Hutcheson, Jenny, and Munoz did not stand for re-election in order to pursue other opportunities and retired from the Board effective as of our May 2025 annual meeting. Accordingly, they did not receive an annual Board retainer or restricted stock unit award in 2025 and did not hold any restricted stock units as of December 31, 2025. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 35 P roposal 2: Ratify Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee of our Board appointed KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm to audit our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. During 2025, KPMG LLP served as our independent accountant and reported on our consolidated financial statements for that year. KPMG LLP has been our independent auditor at all times since 2008. The Audit Committee periodically considers whether to rotate our independent auditor in order to assure continuing auditor independence. The Board and the members of the Audit Committee believe that the continued retention of KPMG LLP as the company s independent auditor in fiscal year 2026 is in the best interests of the company and its stockholders. We expect that representatives of KPMG LLP will attend the Annual Meeting and will have the opportunity to make a statement if they so desire and to respond to appropriate questions. Although stockholder ratification is not required, the appointment of KPMG LLP is being submitted for ratification at the Annual Meeting with a view towards soliciting stockholders opinions, which the Audit Committee will take into consideration in future deliberations. If KPMG LLP s selection is not ratified at the Annual Meeting, the Audit Committee will consider the engagement of other independent accountants. The Audit Committee may terminate KPMG LLP s engagement as our independent accountant without the approval of our stockholders whenever the Audit Committee deems termination appropriate. Required Vote Approval of this Proposal 2 requires the affirmative vote ( i.e. , FOR votes) of a majority of the shares present or represented and entitled to vote at our Annual Meeting. A vote to ABSTAIN will count as present for purposes of this proposal and so will have the same effect as a vote AGAINST this proposal. In the absence of instructions, your broker may vote your shares on this proposal. For more information, see Annual Meeting Information Voting Instructions and Information If you do not vote/effect of broker non-votes in this Proxy Statement. RECOMMENDATION The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 36 Audit a nd Other Fees The following table shows the fees for audit and other services provided by KPMG LLP for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in millions): Fees Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Audit Fees $ 23.6 $ 20.2 Audit-Related Fees 3.4 3.9 Tax Fees 2.7 5.3 All Other Fees 0.2 0.1 Total Fees $ 29.9 $ 29.5 Audit Fees Includes fees associated with the audit of our annual financial statements, review of our annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, statutory audits and consents and assistance with and review of registration statements filed with the SEC. In addition, audit fees include those fees related to KPMG LLP s audit of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Audit-Related Fees Includes fees associated with the audit of our employee benefit plans, other attestation and agreed upon procedure engagements. In addition, audit related fees include those fees related to KPMG LLP s examination of the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls covering our work as a service organization for clients. Tax Fees Includes fees associated with tax compliance at international locations, domestic and international tax advice, and planning and assistance with tax audits and appeals. All Other Fees Includes fees associated with environmental, social, and governance related services. Audit Comm ittee Pre-Approval Process The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing and approving our independent auditor s fees, and pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent auditor. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services, and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. Our independent auditors and management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditor in accordance with this pre-approval process and the fees for the services performed to date. In certain one-off cases, the Audit Committee Chair (on behalf of the Audit Committee) may also pre-approve particular services, with that pre-approval subject to subsequent Audit Committee ratification. Audit Com mittee Report The Audit Committee consists of four directors, each of whom is independent under NYSE rules and applicable securities laws. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate as required under NYSE rules. Our Board has also determined that Ms. Soni and each of Messrs. Boze and Lopez meet the qualifications of an audit committee financial expert. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board, a copy of which is published in the Corporate Governance section of the Investor Relations page of our website at www.cbre.com . The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities to our stockholders with respect to our independent auditors, our corporate accounting and reporting practices, risk oversight, and the quality and integrity of our financial statements and reports. The Audit Committee is directly responsible for overseeing the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the work of our independent auditor, and the Audit Committee and its chair oversee the selection of our independent auditor s lead engagement partner. In Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 2: RATIFY APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 37 addition, the Audit Committee reviews and considers all potential related-party and corporate opportunity transactions involving us and our directors and executive officers. The Audit Committee discussed with our independent auditors the scope, extent and procedures for the fiscal year 2025 audit. Following completion of the audit, the Audit Committee met with our independent auditors, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examinations, the cooperation received by the auditors during the audit examination, their evaluation of our internal controls over financial reporting, and the overall quality of our financial reporting. Management is primarily responsible for our financial statements, reporting process, and systems of internal controls. In ensuring that our management fulfilled that responsibility, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed with management the audited financial statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Discussion topics included the quality and acceptability of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of significant judgments, the clarity of disclosures in the financial statements, and an assessment of the work of the independent auditors. The independent auditors are responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of the audited financial statements with GAAP. The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed with the independent auditors their judgments as to the quality and acceptability of our accounting principles and such other matters as are required to be discussed by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the SEC. In addition, the Audit Committee received from the independent auditors written disclosures and a letter regarding their independence as required by applicable rules of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent auditors communications with the Audit Committee, discussed with the independent auditors their independence from us and our management, and considered the compatibility of non-audit services with the auditors independence. Based on the reviews and discussions described above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board (and the Board subsequently approved) the inclusion of the audited financial statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 for filing with the SEC. In addition, the Audit Committee has appointed KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. The Board concurred with the selection of KPMG LLP. The Board has recommended to our stockholders that they ratify and approve the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026. In accordance with law, the Audit Committee is responsible for establishing procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints that we receive regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, including the confidential, anonymous submission of complaints by our employees received through established procedures of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. The Audit Committee approved the establishment of an ethics and compliance program in 2004 and receives periodic reports from our Chief Risk, Ethics Compliance Officer regarding that program. Audit Committee Gerardo I. Lopez, Chair Brandon B. Boze Beth F. Cobert Gunjan Soni Notwithstanding any statement in any of our filings with the SEC that might be deemed to incorporate part or all of any filings with the SEC by reference, including this Proxy Statement, the foregoing Report of the Audit Committee is not incorporated into any such filings. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 38 P roposal 3: Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation Our Board is committed to providing competitive pay opportunities for our executives consistent with the markets in which we compete for talent, and aligning executive compensation with stockholder interests. As a part of that commitment, and in accordance with SEC rules, we are asking you to approve, on an advisory basis, a resolution on the compensation of our named executive officers as reported in this Proxy Statement. This proposal, commonly known as a say on pay proposal, gives you the opportunity to endorse or not endorse our 2025 executive compensation program and policies for our named executive officers. The Board has adopted a policy providing for annual say on pay advisory votes. Accordingly, in accordance with our current policy, the next say on pay vote is expected to occur at our annual meeting of stockholders in 2027. In deciding how to vote on this proposal, our Board encourages you to review the Compensation Discussion and Analysis discussion in this Proxy Statement for a detailed description of our executive compensation philosophy and programs. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation that was paid in 2025 to our named executive officers resulting from our compensation objectives, policies, and practices as described in this Proxy Statement. Because your vote is advisory, it will not be binding upon the Board. However, the Board and the Compensation Committee value the opinions expressed by our stockholders and will review the voting results in connection with their ongoing evaluation of our executive compensation program. We received strong support for our executive compensation program from our stockholders at our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, at which approximately 91.4% of the votes cast on the say on pay proposal were in favor of the 2024 compensation that we paid to our named executive officers. In addition, stockholders that we engaged with as part of our outreach program generally reported that executive compensation was viewed as well-aligned with performance. Our executive compensation program is designed to align pay and performance, reinforce our corporate strategy, and to attract and retain accomplished and high-performing executives and to motivate those executives to consistently achieve short- and long-term goals consistent with and in furtherance of our corporate strategy. To achieve this goal, we have designed an executive compensation program based on the following principles: Paying for performance A significant portion of each executive s potential compensation is at risk, with incentive programs tied to financial metrics and strategic performance objectives. Alignment with the interests of stockholders Equity awards (including those tied to our financial performance) and promoting stock ownership align our executives financial interests with those of our stockholders. Attracting and retaining top talent The compensation of our executives must be competitive so that we may attract and retain talented and experienced executives. Transparency and corporate governance It is critical to us that we are transparent and reflect best practices in corporate governance when establishing our executive compensation. The text of the resolution in respect of Proposal 3 is as follows: RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to our named executive officers for 2025 set forth in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table and the related compensation tables and narrative in this Proxy Statement, as disclosed pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, is hereby approved on an advisory basis. Table of Contents CBRE 2026 PROXY STATEMENT PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 39 Required Vote Approval of this Proposal 3 requires the affirmative vote (i.e. , FOR votes) of a majority of the shares present or represented and entitled to vote at our Annual Meeting. A vote to ABSTAIN will count as present for purpose