=== CBRE_2026-02-12.htm.gz ===
Item 1A. Risk Factors. Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report and in other documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report and other public statements we make. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed below identify the material risk factors affecting our business. However, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial, but that could later become material, may also adversely affect our business. Risks Related to our Business Environment Our performance is significantly related to general economic, political and regulatory conditions and, accordingly, our business, operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by economic slowdowns, liquidity constraints, inflationary pressures, significant rises in interest rates, significant public health events, fiscal or political uncertainty and possible subsequent downturns in commercial real estate asset values, property sales and leasing activities in the geographies or industry sectors that we or our clients serve. Periods of economic weakness or recession, fiscal or political uncertainty, market volatility, declining employment levels, declining demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the global capital or credit markets, disputes with U.S. trading partners, unpredictable changes in U.S. trading policy, increased tariffs, inflationary pressures, significant rises in interest rates or the public perception that any of these events may occur, may materially and negatively affect the performance of some or all of our business lines. Our business is significantly affected by generally prevailing economic conditions in the markets where we operate. Adverse economic conditions, political or regulatory uncertainty and significant public health events may result in declines in real estate sale and leasing volumes and the value of commercial real estate. It may also lead to a decrease in funds invested in commercial real estate assets and development projects. Such developments in turn may reduce our revenue from property management fees and commissions derived from property sales, leasing, valuation and financing, as well as revenues associated with development or investment management activities. For example, in 2023 and early 2024, commercial real estate capital markets were under significant pressure. As a result, we experienced a sustained slowdown in property sales and debt financing activity. Our businesses could also suffer from geopolitical or economic disruptions (or the perception that such disruptions may occur) or interest rate or currency fluctuations, capital availability and changes in cost of capital, or heightened financial, market or regulatory uncertainty. We also make co-investments alongside our investor clients in our development and investment management businesses. During an economic downturn, capital for our investment activities could be constrained and it may take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or sale prices we achieve may be lower than originally anticipated. As a result, the value of our commercial real estate investments may be reduced, and we could realize losses or diminished profitability. In addition, economic downturns may reduce the volume of loans our capital markets business originates and/or services. Fees within our property management business are generally based on a percentage of rent collections, making them sensitive to macroeconomic conditions that negatively impact rent collections and the performance of the properties we manage. Economic, political and regulatory uncertainty as well as significant changes and volatility in the financial markets and business environment, and in the global landscape, make it difficult for us to predict our financial performance into the future. As a result, any guidance or outlook that we provide on our performance is based on then-current conditions, and there is a risk that such guidance may turn out to be inaccurate. Adverse developments in the credit markets may materially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our investment management, development services, capital markets (including property sales and mortgage origination) and loan servicing businesses are sensitive to credit cost and availability as well as financial liquidity. Additionally, the revenues in all of our businesses are dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the commercial real estate markets. Disruptions in the credit markets may have a material adverse effect on our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. If our clients are unable to obtain credit on favorable terms, there may be fewer property leasing, disposition and acquisition transactions. For example, in 2023, central banks around the world raised interest rates in efforts to rein in inflation, reducing 7 Table of Contents credit availability. While central banks began cutting their interest rates in 2024, interest rates remain above recent norms and if inflation were to begin to rise again such interest rate cuts may be reversed. Less available and more expensive debt capital had pronounced effects on our capital markets, mortgage origination and property sales businesses. In addition, under such conditions, our investment management and development services businesses may be unable to attract capital or achieve returns sufficient to earn incentive fees and we may also experience losses of co-invested equity capital if any such disruption causes a prolonged decline in the value of investments made. Risks Related to Our Operations Currency fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the U.S. and, as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. During the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 43.6% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies. We also report our results in U.S. dollars. As a result, the strengthening or weakening of the U.S. dollar will negatively or positively impact our reported results, including revenue and earnings as well as the assets under management for our investment management business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. The global nature of our operations subject us to international social, political, legal and economic risks across a number of jurisdictions. International economic trends and governmental policy actions and the following factors may have a material adverse effect on the performance of our business: difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations among diverse geographies, languages and cultures; currency restrictions, transfer-pricing regulations and adverse tax consequences, which may affect our ability to transfer capital and profits; adverse changes in regulatory, tax or trade policies (including tariffs) or uncertainty about potential changes in such regulatory, tax or trade policies; responsibility for complying with numerous, potentially conflicting and frequently complex and changing laws in multiple jurisdictions ( e.g. , with respect to data privacy and protection, sustainability, corrupt practices, embargoes, trade sanctions, employment and licensing); the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability, including those related to geopolitical, weather, public health or safety events; greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable or delays in client payments in some geographic regions; potential interest rate and /or inflation rate increases and less available and more expensive debt capital; foreign ownership restrictions in certain countries, particularly in Asia Pacific and the Middle East, or the risk that such restrictions will be adopted in the future; and changes in laws or policies governing foreign trade or investment and use of foreign operations or workers, and any negative sentiments towards multinational companies as a result of any such changes to laws or policies as well as other geopolitical risks. We have invested in enhancing our service and product offerings globally. If we do not successfully execute these initiatives or effectively manage the risks inherent in operating on a global scale, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, political, regulatory, and cultural conditions in certain countries may limit our ability to operate effectively or implement our strategic priorities, which could negatively impact our performance in those regions. 8 Table of Contents We have numerous local, regional and global competitors across all of our business lines and the geographies that we serve, and further industry consolidation, fragmentation or innovation could lead to significant future competition. We compete across a variety of business disciplines within the commercial real estate services and investment industry, including property management, facilities management, project and transaction management, tenant and landlord leasing, capital markets solutions (property sales and commercial mortgage origination), real estate investment management, valuation, loan servicing, development services and proprietary research. Although we are the largest commercial real estate services firm in the world in terms of 2025 revenue, our relative competitive position varies across geographies, property types and services and business lines. Depending on the geography, property type or service or business line, we face competition from other commercial real estate services providers and investment firms, including outsourcing companies that traditionally competed in limited portions of our facilities management business and have expanded their offerings from time to time, in-house corporate real estate departments, developers, flexible space providers, institutional lenders, insurance companies, investment banking firms, investment managers and accounting and consulting firms. Some of these firms may have greater financial resources allocated to a particular geography, property type or service or business line than we have allocated to that geography, property type, service or business line. In addition, future changes in laws could lead to the entry of other new competitors. Some of our competitors are larger than us on a local or regional basis despite having a smaller global footprint. We also compete with large national and multi-national firms that have similar service and investment competencies to ours, and it is possible that further industry consolidation could lead to much larger and more formidable competitors globally or in the particular geographies, property types, service or business lines that we serve. In addition, disruptive innovation by existing or new competitors could alter the competitive landscape in the future and require us to accurately identify and assess such changes and make timely and effective changes to our strategies and business model to compete effectively. Furthermore, we are substantially dependent on long-term client relationships and on revenue received for services under various service agreements. Many of these agreements may be canceled by the client for any reason with as little as 30 to 60 days notice, as is typical in the industry. In this competitive market, if we are unable to effectively execute on our strategy and differentiate ourselves from our competitors, maintain long-term client relationships or are otherwise unable to retain existing clients and develop new clients, our business, results of operations and/or financial condition may be materially adversely affected. There is no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively, to maintain current fee levels or margins, or maintain or increase our market share. Our growth and financial performance have benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not perform as expected and similar opportunities may not be available in the future. Acquisitions have accounted for a significant component of our growth over time. Any future growth through acquisitions will depend in part upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices, terms and conditions, as well as sufficient liquidity and credit to fund these acquisitions. We may incur significant additional debt from time to time to finance any such acquisitions, which could increase the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt. Acquisitions involve risks that business judgments made concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired may prove to be incorrect. Future acquisitions and any necessary related financings also may involve significant transaction-related expenses, which could include severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others. We have had, and may continue to experience, challenges in integrating operations and information technology systems acquired from other companies. This could result in the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of our key employees or clients or those of the acquired operations. The integration process itself may be costly and may adversely impact our business and the acquired company s business as it requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations and implementation of accounting and information technology systems. We complete acquisitions with the expectation that they will result in various benefits, but the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions are subject to a number of uncertainties, including the ability to timely realize accretive benefits, the level of attrition from professionals licensed or associated with the acquired companies and whether we can successfully integrate the acquired business. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management s time and energy, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our overall business, financial condition and operating results. 9 Table of Contents Our brand and reputation are key assets of our company, and our business may be affected by how we are perceived in the marketplace. Our brand and reputation are key assets, and we believe our continued success depends on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. Our ability to attract and retain clients is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of our level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, management, workplace culture, financial condition, our response to unexpected events and other subjective qualities. Negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters, even if related to seemingly isolated incidents and whether or not factually correct, could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential clients, which could make it difficult for us to attract new clients and maintain existing ones. Negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities or circumstances, including handling of complaints, regulatory compliance, such as compliance with government sanctions, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-bribery, anti-money laundering and corruption laws, the use and protection of client and other sensitive information and from actions taken by regulators or others in response to such conduct. Furthermore, as a company with headquarters and operations located in the U.S., a negative perception of the U.S. arising from its political or other positions could harm the perception of our company and our brand abroad. Although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity would materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability. Social media channels may also cause rapid, widespread reputational harm to our brand. Our brand and reputation may also be harmed by the actions of third parties that are outside of our control, including vendors and joint venture partners. The protection of our brand, including related trademarks, may require the expenditure of significant financial and operational resources. Our REI businesses, including our real estate investment programs and co-investment activities, subject us to performance and real estate investment risks which could cause fluctuations in our earnings and cash flow and impact our ability to raise capital for future investments. The revenue, net income and cash flows generated by our investment management business line within our Real Estate Investments segment may be volatile primarily because the management, transaction and incentive fees may vary as a result of market movements. In the event that any of the investment programs that our investment management business manages were to perform poorly, our revenue, net income and cash flows could decline, because the value of the assets we manage would decrease and thereby reduce our management fees and our investment returns, resulting in a reduction in the incentive compensation we earn. Moreover, we could experience losses on co-investments of our own capital in such programs as a result of poor performance. Investors and potential investors in our programs continually assess our performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future programs and maintaining our current fee structure will depend on our continued satisfactory performance. An important part of the strategy for our Real Estate Investments segment involves co-investing our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. As of December 31, 2025, we had a net investment of approximately $375 million and had committed $216 million to fund future co-investments in our investment funds, up to $70 million of which is expected to be funded during 2026. In addition to required future capital contributions, some of the co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our subsidiaries holding investments in those assets. The failure to provide these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these investments, including damage to our reputation with our co-investment partners and clients, as well as the necessity of obtaining alternative funding from other sources that may result in dilution of our interest in the investment, or be on disadvantageous terms for us and the other co-investors. Participating as a co-investor is an important part of our investment management line of business, which might suffer if we were unable to make these investments. Selective investment in real estate projects is critical to our development services business strategy within our Real Estate Investments segment, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. As of December 31, 2025, we were involved as a principal in 47 real estate projects that were consolidated in our financial statements with invested equity of $1.0 billion and co-invested with our clients in approximately 128 unconsolidated real estate projects with a net investment of $397 million. We had committed, but not funded, additional capital of $226 million and $56 million to consolidated and unconsolidated projects, respectively, as of December 31, 2025. During the ordinary course of business within our development services business line, we provide numerous completion and budget guarantees requiring us to complete the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. There can be no 10 Table of Contents assurance that we will not have to perform under any such guarantees. If we are required to perform under a significant number of such guarantees, it could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Because the disposition of a single significant investment may affect our financial performance in any period, our real estate investment activities could cause fluctuations in our earnings and cash flows. In certain cases, we have limited control over the timing of the disposition of these investments and the recognition of any related gain or loss, or incentive participation fee. The success of our BOE business depends on our ability to enter into mutually beneficial contracts, deliver high quality levels of service, manage our contractual obligations and accurately assess working capital requirements. Contracts for our BOE clients often include complex terms regarding payment of fees, risk transfer, liability limitations, termination, due diligence and transition timeframes. Further, our BOE business is often impacted by transition activities in the first year of a contract as well as the timing of starting operations on these large client contracts. If we are unable to negotiate contracts with our clients in a timely manner and on mutually beneficial terms, or there is a delay in becoming fully operational, our business and results of operation may be negatively impacted. Additionally, if we do not have adequate governance, processes, technology, quality assurance or expertise available to appropriately manage contracts with our clients and our obligations under such contracts, or if we fail to deliver the high-quality levels of service expected by our clients, it may result in reputational and financial damage, and could impact our ability to retain existing clients and attract new clients. Our BOE clients also include the U.S. federal government. Contracting with government entities carries additional risks, including uncapped liability and the absence of client indemnification. These engagements also require compliance with public disclosure obligations, government labor standards, and heightened ethical requirements associated with taxpayer funded work. Noncompliance may result in significant penalties, including potential debarment from future government contracts. Extended shutdowns of the U.S. federal government may result in payment delays, contract cancellation or postponement and other disruptions from these clients, which may adversely affect the performance of our BOE business. Our BOE business also requires us to accurately model the working capital needs of this business. Should we fail to accurately assess working capital requirements, or if we are unable to enforce timely payment from clients in accordance with our contractual terms, the cash flows generated by this business may be adversely impacted. In addition, if we do not accurately assess the creditworthiness of a client or if a client s creditworthiness changes during the term of the contract, we could potentially be unable to collect on any outstanding payments. We have concentrations of business with large clients, which may cause increased credit risk and greater impact from the loss of certain clients and increased risks from higher limitations of liability in contracts. Having large and concentrated clients may lead to greater or more concentrated risks of loss if, among other possibilities, such a client (i) experiences its own financial problems, which may lead to larger individual credit risks; (ii) becomes bankrupt or insolvent, which may lead to our failure to be paid for services we have previously provided or funds we have previously advanced; (iii) decides to reduce its real estate operations; (iv) makes a change in its real estate strategy, such as no longer outsourcing its real estate operations; (v) decides to change its providers of real estate services; or (vi) merges with another corporation or otherwise undergoes a change of control, which may result in new management taking over with a different real estate philosophy or in different relationships with other real estate providers. In addition, competitive conditions, particularly in connection with increasingly large clients, may require us to compromise on certain contract terms with respect to the payment of fees, the extent of risk transfer, or acting as principal rather than agent in connection with supplier relationships, liability limitations, credit terms and other contractual terms, or in connection with disputes or potential litigation. Where competitive pressures result in higher levels of potential liability under our contracts, the cost of operational errors and other activities for which we have indemnified our clients will be greater and may not be fully insured. A significant portion of our loan origination and servicing business depends upon our relationships with U.S. Government Sponsored Enterprises (GSEs). A significant portion of our loan origination and servicing business (which we conduct through certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries) depends upon our relationship with the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), collectively the GSEs. As an approved seller/servicer for the GSEs, we are required to comply with various eligibility criteria and are required to originate and service loans in accordance with their individual program requirements , including participation in loss sharing and repurchase arrangements. Failure to comply with these requirements may result in termination or withdrawal of our approval to sell and service the GSE loans. 11 Table of Contents A failure by third parties to comply with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements could result in economic and reputational harm to us. We rely on third parties, and in some cases subcontractors, to perform activities on behalf of our organization to improve quality, increase efficiencies, cut costs and lower operational risks across our business and support functions. We have instituted a Supplier Code of Conduct, which is intended to communicate to our vendors the standards of conduct we expect them to uphold. Our contracts with vendors typically impose a contractual obligation to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct. In addition, we leverage technology to help us better screen vendors, with the aim of gaining a deeper understanding of the compliance, data privacy, health and safety, environmental, sustainability and other risks posed to our business by potential and existing vendors. If our third parties do not have the proper safeguards and controls in place, or appropriate oversight cannot be provided, we could be exposed to increased operational, regulatory, financial or reputational risks. A failure by third parties to comply with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements in a high quality and timely manner could result in economic and reputational harm to us. In addition, these third parties face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee or company information, could cause damage to our reputation and harm to our business. Our success depends upon the retention of our senior management, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees. Our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees. While certain of our executive officers and key employees are subject to long-term compensatory arrangements, there is no assurance that we will be able to retain all key members of our senior management. We also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals, who generate a significant amount of our revenues, as well as other revenue producing professionals. The departure of any of our key employees, or the loss of a significant number of key revenue producers, if we are unable to quickly hire and integrate qualified replacements, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to materially suffer. An inability to maintain a strong pipeline of successors for key management roles could also have a negative impact on our ability to achieve our strategic goals. Competition for employee talent can be intense and we may not be able to successfully recruit, integrate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel. If we were to experience significant employee attrition or turnover, it could lead to increased recruitment and training costs as well as operating inefficiencies that could adversely impact our results of operation. We and our competitors use equity incentives and sign-on and retention bonuses to help attract, retain and incentivize key personnel. However, if our compensation incentives are misaligned with the company s organizational and strategic priorities, such misalignment could lead to poor business decisions, operational inefficiencies, excessive risk taking, and talent retention challenges. Any such misaligned incentives could have a material negative impact on our business and operating results. If we are unable to manage the organizational challenges associated with our global operations, we might be unable to achieve our business objectives . Our global operations present significant management and organizational challenges. It might become increasingly difficult to maintain effective standards across a large enterprise and effectively institutionalize our knowledge. It might also become more difficult to maintain our culture, effectively manage and monitor our personnel and operations and effectively communicate our core values, policies and procedures, strategies and goals. The size of our employee base increases the possibility that we will have individuals who engage in unlawful or fraudulent activity, or otherwise expose us to business and reputational risks. If we are not successful in continuing to develop and implement the processes and tools designed to manage our enterprise and instill our culture and core values into all of our employees, our reputation and ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. In addition, from time to time, we have made, and may continue to make, changes to our operating model, including how we are organized, as the needs and size of our business change. If we do not successfully implement any such changes, our business and results of operation may be negatively and materially impacted. Our policies, procedures and programs to safeguard the health, safety and security of our employees and others may not be adequate. We have approximately 155,000 employees (including Turner Townsend employees) as well as independent contractors working in over 100 countries. We have undertaken to implement what we believe to be best practices to safeguard the health, safety and security of our employees (including members of our executive leadership team who may be subject to heightened security risks by virtue of their roles), independent contractors, clients and others at our worksites. However, if these 12 Table of Contents policies, procedures and programs are not adequate, or employees do not receive related adequate training or follow them for any reason, the consequences may be severe to us, including serious injury or loss of life, which could impair our operations and cause us to incur significant legal liability or fines as well as reputational damage. Our insurance may not cover, or may be insufficient to cover, any legal liability or fines that we incur for health, safety or security incidents. We may be subject to actual or perceived conflicts of interest. Similar to other global services companies with different business lines and a broad client base, we may be subject to potential conflicts of interests in the provision of our services. For example, conflicts may arise from our role in advising or representing both owners and tenants in commercial real estate lease transactions. In certain cases, we are also subject to fiduciary obligations to our clients. In such situations, our policies are designed to give full disclosure and transparency to all parties as well as implement appropriate barriers on information-sharing and other activities to ensure each party s interests are protected; however, there can be no assurance that our policies will be successful in every case. If we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and appropriately address potential conflicts of interest or fiduciary obligations, there could be an adverse effect on our business or reputation regardless of whether any such claims have merit. In addition, it is possible that in some jurisdictions, regulations could be changed to limit our ability to act for certain parties where potential conflicts may exist even with informed consent, which could limit our market share in those markets. There can be no assurance that potential conflicts of interest will not materially adversely affect us. Catastrophic events, failures or negligence impacting the buildings that we manage may lead to significant financial liability and reputational harm, including as a result of litigation, government fines and penalties The buildings we manage for our clients, which include some of the world s largest office properties and retail centers, are used by people daily. We also manage the critical facilities (including data centers, laboratories, government facilities, manufacturing environments, warehouses and other mission-critical facilities) that our clients rely upon to serve the public and their customers. If our ability to manage these buildings is compromised due to employee errors or malfeasance or a catastrophic event (e.g., cybersecurity attacks, damage to or sabotage of underwater sea cables, explosions, natural disasters, acts of war, terrorist attacks, mass shootings, government intervention or property seizure), it could potentially disrupt our client s ability to conduct business and may result in ensuing harm to the public, including significant loss of life or injury. To the extent we are held to have been negligent in connection with our management of the affected properties (due to human error or otherwise), we could incur significant financial liabilities and reputational harm, including, but not limited to, as a result of litigation, government scrutiny, fines or penalties. Infrastructure disruptions, risks related to climate change, including physical and transition risks, social activism, geopolitical tensions, and other similar events may disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect the value of real estate investments we make on behalf of clients. Our ability to conduct a global business may be adversely impacted by disruptions to the physical infrastructure and supply chain that support our businesses and the communities in which they are located. This may include disruptions as a result of political instability, public protests, environmental activism, public health crises (including new or resurging pandemics), attacks on our information technology systems, war or other hostilities, terrorist attacks, interruptions or delays in services from third-party data center hosting facilities or cloud computing platform providers, employee errors or malfeasance, building defects, utility outages, and the physical effects of climate change, including the acute impacts of extreme weather events occurring more frequently or with more severe effects. The infrastructure and supply chain disruptions we may experience as a result of such events could also disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect the value of our real estate investments in our investment management and development services businesses. Furthermore, to the extent climate change causes adverse chronic impacts on global temperatures, weather patterns, and weather events in regions where we operate, we, our vendors and our clients could experience prolonged infrastructure or service disruptions that could interfere with our or their ability to conduct business. These conditions could also result in declining demand for commercial real estate in certain regions or with certain clients, decreased value of any real estate investments we hold in those regions, or increases in our operating costs and in the costs of managing client properties over time. Additionally, we face climate-related transition risks, including shifts in market preferences toward low carbon solutions and sustainable products and services. Failure to continue to establish and maintain effective strategies, solutions and technologies to help clients meet stricter regulations or their own sustainability objectives may affect our ability to compete effectively for certain business or have reputational impacts. 13 Table of Contents Our joint venture activities and affiliate program involve risks that are often outside of our control and that, if realized, could materially harm our business. We have utilized joint ventures for commercial investments, select local brokerage and other affiliations both in the U.S. and internationally, and we may acquire interests in other joint ventures in the future. Under our affiliate program, we enter into contractual relationships with local brokerage, property management or other operations pursuant to which we license to that operation our name and make available certain of our resources, in exchange for a royalty or economic participation in that operation s revenue, profits or transactional activity. In many of these joint ventures and affiliations, we may not have the right or power to direct the management and policies of the joint ventures or affiliates, and other participants or operators of affiliates may take action contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives. In addition, the other participants and operators may become bankrupt or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. If a joint venture participant or affiliate acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness Our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us, and in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would become immediately due and payable. As of December 31, 2025, our total debt, excluding notes payable on real estate (which are generally non-recourse to us) and warehouse lines of credit (which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Capital Markets, and are secured by our related warehouse receivables), was $6.0 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2025, our interest expense was $490 million. Our debt instruments impose, and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. These restrictions affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, our ability to: plan for or react to market conditions; meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our interest, including: incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness; entering into mergers and consolidations; creating liens; and entering into sale/leaseback transactions. Our credit agreements require us to maintain a maximum leverage ratio of total debt (as defined in the applicable credit agreement) less available cash (as defined in the applicable credit agreement) to consolidated EBITDA as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Our ability to meet these financial ratios may be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot give assurance that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. We continue to monitor our projected compliance with these financial ratios and other terms of our credit agreements. A breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our debt instruments. If any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreements and noteholders with respect to our senior notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our credit agreements also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings thereunder. In addition, a default under our credit agreements, senior notes or commercial paper program could trigger a cross default or cross acceleration under our other debt instruments. We have limited restrictions on the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may intensify the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. In addition, in the event of a credit-ratings downgrade, our ability to borrow and the costs of such borrowings could be adversely affected. Subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by the covenants under our debt instruments, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, and so we may in the future incur such indebtedness in 14 Table of Contents order to finance our operations and investments. In addition, Moody s Ratings, Standard Poor s Ratings Services and Fitch Ratings, rate our significant outstanding debt. These ratings, and any downgrades of them, may affect our ability to borrow as well as the costs of our current and future borrowings. Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly and potentially limit our ability to effectively refinance our indebtedness as it matures. Borrowings under certain of our debt instruments bear interest at variable rates and expose us to interest rate risk. In addition, while our commercial paper notes generally have a fixed rate, due to their short-term nature, we view all of the interest rates charged in connection with these instruments as variable. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed will remain the same, and our net income and operating cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. Additionally, our ability to refinance portions of our indebtedness in advance of their maturity dates depends on securing new financing bearing interest at rates that we are able to service. While we believe that we currently have adequate cash flows to service the interest rates currently applicable to our indebtedness, if interest rates were to rise significantly, we might be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to meet our debt service obligations at such increased rates. Risks Related to our Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Data Protection Failure to maintain and execute information technology strategies and ensure that our employees adapt to changes in technology could materially and adversely affect our ability to remain competitive in the market. Our business relies heavily on information technology, including solutions provided by third parties, to deliver services that meet the needs of our clients. If we are unable to effectively execute or maintain our information technology strategies or adopt new technologies and processes relevant to our service platform, our ability to deliver high-quality services may be materially impaired. In addition, we make significant investments in new systems and tools to achieve competitive advantages and efficiencies, including the adoption and integration of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning technologies. Implementation of such investments in information technology, including generative and agentic AI tools, could be complicated, heavily dependent on the quality, accuracy and relevance of data inputs and methodologies, require sophisticated infrastructure and skilled talent, have ethical and societal implications, and could exceed estimated budgets. We may experience challenges that prevent new strategies or technologies from being realized according to anticipated schedules. With respect to AI capabilities in particular, leveraging such AI capabilities for our internal functions and operations may present new risks, costs and challenges. The development, adoption and use of AI technologies is still in the early stages and involves significant uncertainties, which may expose us to legal, reputational and financial harm. Moreover, the use of AI may give rise to risks related to harmful content, accuracy, bias, intellectual property infringement or misappropriation, defamation, data privacy, cybersecurity and health and safety, among others, and also brings the possibility of new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation or other legal liability, or ethical concerns and could adversely affect our business. If we are unable to maintain current information technology and processes or encounter delays, or fail to leverage new technologies or address concerns relating to the responsible use of new technology, including AI, in our services, then the execution of our business plans may be disrupted. Similarly, our employees require effective tools, technologies and techniques to perform functions integral to our business. Failure to successfully provide such items, or ensure that employees have properly adopted them, could materially and adversely impact our ability to achieve positive business outcomes. Interruption or failure of our information technology, communications systems or data services could impair our ability to provide our services effectively, which could damage our reputation and materially harm our operating results. Our business requires the continued operation of information technology and communication systems and network infrastructure. Our ability to conduct our global business may be materially adversely affected by disruptions to these systems or our infrastructure. Our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or disruption from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, system malfunctions, computer viruses, cyberattacks, natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods, acts of war or terrorism, employee errors or malfeasance, or other events which are beyond our control. Cyberattacks and malware pose growing threats to many companies, and we, as well as our third-party service providers, have been a target and may continue to be a target of such threats, which could expose us to liability, reputational harm and significant remediation costs and cause material harm to our business and financial results. In addition, the timely operation and maintenance of these systems and networks is in some cases dependent on third-party technologies, systems and 15 Table of Contents service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss, corruption or exposure of data or intellectual property and may also disrupt our ability to provide services to or interact with our clients, contractors and vendors, and we may not be able to successfully implement contingency plans. Furthermore, while we have certain business interruption and cyber insurance coverage and various contractual arrangements that can serve to mitigate costs, damages and liabilities, any such event could result in substantial recovery and remediation costs and liability to customers, business partners and other third parties. We have crisis management, business continuity and disaster recovery plans and backup systems to reduce the potentially adverse effect of such events, but our crisis management, business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient and cannot account for all eventualities, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our data centers and third-party cloud hosting providers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations, and as a result, our future operating results could be materially adversely affected. Our business relies heavily on the use of commercial real estate data. A portion of this data is purchased or licensed from third-party providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability or accuracy. A disruption of our ability to provide data to our professionals and/or our clients or an inadvertent exposure of proprietary data could damage our reputation and competitive position, and our operating results could be adversely affected. Failure to protect and maintain the security of our information and technology networks, including personal information and other client information, intellectual property and proprietary business information could materially adversely affect us. Security breaches and other disruptions of our information and technology networks, as well as that of third-party vendors, could compromise our information and intellectual property and expose us to liability, reputational harm and significant remediation costs, which could cause material harm to our business and financial results. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store confidential data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and that of our clients and personal information (also referred to as personal data or personally identifiable information ) of our employees, contractors and vendors, in our data centers, networks and third-party cloud hosting providers. The secure collection, use, storage, retention, maintenance, sharing, processing, transfer, transmission, disclosure, and protection (collectively, Processing ) of this information is critical to our operations. Although we and our vendors continue to implement new security measures and regularly conduct employee training, our information technology and infrastructure may nevertheless be vulnerable to cyberattacks by third parties or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. These risks have been heightened in connection with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, instability in the Middle East, and rising tensions in East Asia, including China. When geopolitical conflicts develop, critical infrastructures may be targeted by state-sponsored cyberattacks even if they are not directly involved in the conflict. An increasing number of companies that rely on information and technology networks have disclosed breaches of their security, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on portions of their websites or infrastructure. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service, or sabotage systems, change frequently, may be difficult to detect, and often are not recognized until launched against a target. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of AI technologies may intensify these security risks, and the emergence and maturation of AI capabilities may also lead to new and/or more sophisticated methods of attack. This includes fraud that relies upon deep fake impersonation technology or other forms of generative automation that enhance the effectiveness of cyber threats. To date, we have not experienced any cybersecurity breaches that have been material, either individually or in the aggregate. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent any material events from occurring in the future. Our business is subject to complex and evolving United States and international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation and could result in claims, increased cost of operations or otherwise harm our business. We are subject to numerous United States federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and cybersecurity that govern the processing of certain data (including personal information, sensitive information, health information, and other regulated data). These laws and regulations are increasing in severity, complexity and number, change frequently, and increasingly conflict among the various jurisdictions in which we operate, which has resulted in greater compliance risk and cost for us. As of December 31, 2025, we are required to comply with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as well as the United Kingdom (U.K.) equivalent and other global data protection laws (including in Switzerland, Japan, Singapore, China, India, United Arab Emirates, Australia, and Brazil), the implementation of which exposes us to parallel data protection regimes, each of which potentially authorizes similar fines and other enforcement actions for certain 16 Table of Contents violations. Several jurisdictions in which we operate are considering or have proposed or enacted legislation and policies regulating AI and non-personal data, such as the European Union s AI Act. These new regulations may diverge from one another, which could require us to navigate different obligations and enforcement actions in different geographies. Any violations of these laws may lead to reputational damage, financial penalties and increased regulatory scrutiny and oversight. In the U.S., the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020) broadly defines personal information, gives California residents expanded privacy rights and protections, and provides for civil penalties for certain violations, and established a regulatory agency dedicated to enforcing those requirements. At least nineteen U.S. states have also passed consumer privacy laws, and several states, most notably Illinois and Texas, have passed laws regulating the processing of biometric information. Without any overarching federal privacy law, the patchwork of privacy legislation formed by individual state laws heightens the costs of compliance, the risks of noncompliance, and the potential for enforcement actions by individual state attorneys general. We are also subject to an increasing number of reporting obligations in respect of material cybersecurity incidents. These reporting requirements have been proposed or implemented by a number of regulators in different jurisdictions, may vary in their scope and application, and could contain conflicting requirements. Certain of these rules and regulations may require us to report a cybersecurity incident before we have been able to fully assess its impact or remediate the underlying issue. Efforts to comply with such reporting requirements could divert management s attention from our cybersecurity incident response and could potentially reveal system vulnerabilities to threat actors. Failure to timely report cybersecurity incidents under these rules could also result in regulatory investigations, litigation, monetary fines, sanctions, or subject us to other forms of liability. A significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure, fraudulent use or misuse of client, employee or other personal information or proprietary business data, whether by third parties or as a result of employee malfeasance or otherwise, perceived or actual non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or intellectual property or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in significant remediation and other costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us. Such an event could additionally disrupt our operations and the services we provide to clients, harm our relationships with contractors and vendors, damage our reputation, result in the loss of a competitive advantage, impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial data and cause a loss of confidence in our services and financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, revenues, competitive position and investor confidence. Additionally, we rely on third parties to support our information and technology networks, including cloud storage solution providers, and as a result have less direct control over our data and information technology systems. Such third parties are also vulnerable to security breaches and compromised security systems, for which we may not be indemnified and which could materially adversely affect us and our reputation. Legal and Regulatory Related Risks We are subject to various litigation and regulatory risks and may face financial liabilities and/or damage to our reputation as a result of litigation or regulatory investigations or proceedings. Our businesses are exposed to various litigation and regulatory risks, especially within our valuations business. Although we maintain insurance coverage for most of this risk, insurance coverage is unavailable at commercially reasonable pricing for certain types of exposures. Additionally, our insurance policies and/or self-insurance reserves may not cover us in the event of grossly negligent or intentionally wrongful conduct or may not be sufficient to pay the full damages. Accordingly, an adverse result in a litigation against us, or a lawsuit that results in a substantial legal liability for us (and particularly a lawsuit that is not insured), could have a disproportionate and material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, an adverse result in regulatory proceedings, if applicable, could result in fines or other liabilities or adversely impact our operations. Prolonged or complex investigations, even if they do not result in regulatory or other proceedings or adverse findings, may result in significant costs that may not be covered by insurance and in diversion of employee resources. In addition, we depend on our business relationships and our reputation for high-caliber professional services to attract and retain clients. As a result, allegations against us, or the announcement of a regulatory investigation involving us, irrespective of the ultimate outcome of that allegation or investigation, may harm our professional reputation and as such materially damage our business and its prospects. 17 Table of Contents Our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected by new laws or regulations or by changes in existing laws or regulations or the application thereof. If we fail to comply with laws and regulations applicable to us, or make incorrect determinations in complex tax regimes, we may incur material financial penalties. We are subject to numerous federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations specific to the services we perform in our business. Brokerage of real estate sales and leasing transactions and the provision of property management and valuation services require us and our employees to maintain applicable licenses in each U.S. state and certain non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we perform these services. If we and our employees fail to maintain our licenses or conduct these activities without a license, or violate any of the regulations covering our licenses, we may be required to pay fines (including treble damages in certain states) or return commissions received or have our licenses suspended or revoked. A number of our services, including the services provided by our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, CBRE Capital Markets and CBRE Investment Management, are subject to regulation by the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or other self-regulatory organizations and state securities regulators and compliance failures or regulatory action could adversely affect our business. We could be subject to disciplinary or other actions in the future due to claimed noncompliance with these regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability. We are also subject to laws of broader applicability, such as tax, securities, environmental, employment laws and anti-bribery, anti-money laundering and corruption laws, including the Fair Labor Standards Act, occupational health and safety regulations, U.S. state wage-and-hour laws, the U.S. FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the imposition of significant fines by governmental authorities, awards of damages to private litigants and significant amounts paid in legal fees or settlements of these matters. Telford Homes, our residential development subsidiary in the U.K., is subject to certain U.K. laws and requirements that obligates U.K. homebuilders to remediate or fund the remediation work relating to certain fire-safety issues on their constructed buildings. The estimated remediation costs for in-scope buildings are subjective, highly complex and dependent on a number of variables outside of Telford Homes control and, as a result, the aggregate costs and liabilities related to these remediations are uncertain. For additional information, see Note 22 Telford Fire Safety Remediation, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. In the event Telford Homes is unable to satisfy its obligations and liabilities under such government requirements and U.K. laws, Telford Homes and potentially its affiliates could face material business interruption, litigation, liabilities and reputational damage. As the size and scope of our business has increased significantly, compliance with numerous licensing and other regulatory requirements and the possible loss resulting from non-compliance have both increased. New or revised legislation or regulations applicable to our business, both within and outside of the U.S., as well as changes in administrations or enforcement priorities may have an adverse effect on our business, including increasing the costs of regulatory compliance or preventing us from providing certain types of services in certain jurisdictions or in connection with certain transactions or clients. We are unable to predict how any of these new laws, rules, regulations and proposals will be implemented or in what form, or whether any additional or similar changes to laws or regulations, including the interpretation or implementation thereof, will occur in the future. Any such action could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and could have an adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to sustainability matters, could expose us to risks. In recent years, there has been heightened interest from regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders on sustainability matters and related disclosures. Such attention to sustainability matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and management practices on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report on. Further, rising client expectations for sustainability performance may be at odds with simultaneous pressure for low-cost delivery. Relatedly, our clients use sustainability performance data managed by us (including, but not limited to, data used in the calculation of GHG emissions) in their own regulatory filings, and such data is subject to financial grade assurance. At the same time, regulators and other stakeholders have increasingly expressed or pursued opposing views, legislation and investment expectations with respect to sustainability initiatives, including the enactment or proposal of anti-ESG legislation or policies. If our sustainability practices do not meet evolving stakeholders expectations and assurance standards, or if we are unable to navigate conflicting stakeholder expectations, our reputation, ability to attract or retain employees, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. 18 Table of Contents We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Further, new and emerging regulatory initiatives, particularly in the EU, U.K., Australia and California, related to climate change and sustainability matters, could adversely affect our business, including, for example, the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, and Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)-aligned reporting requirements in some jurisdictions. These and other legal and regulatory requirements continue to evolve in scope and complexity, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. We also expect to incur additional costs as we seek to engage in due diligence, verification and reporting in connection with our sustainability initiatives. Further, we have announced, and may from time to time announce, certain initiatives, including goals, targets and objectives, related to GHG emissions and other sustainability matters, in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals could be difficult and expensive to implement and we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives, or for any revisions thereto, or the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of related disclosures. Statements about our sustainability initiatives and goals, and progress against those goals, reflect our current plans, which are based on evolving standards for measuring progress, internal controls and processes that continue to mature, and assumptions regarding key dependencies that are beyond our control and subject to change in the future. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully achieve our initiatives or commitments related to sustainability matters, on the desired timeframes or at all. Achievement of our sustainability goals may also require us to incur additional costs or to make changes to our operations which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Exposure to additional tax liabilities and changes in tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our financial results. We operate in many jurisdictions with complex and varied tax regimes and are subject to different forms of taxation resulting in a variable effective tax rate. Due to the different tax laws in the many jurisdictions where we operate, we are often required to make subjective determinations. The tax authorities in the various jurisdictions where we carry on business may not agree with the determinations that are made by us with respect to the application of tax law. Such disagreements could result in disputes and, ultimately, in the payment of additional funds to the government authorities in the jurisdictions where we carry on business, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, changes in tax rules or the outcome of tax assessments and audits could have an adverse effect on our results in any particular quarter. In addition, changes in tax laws or regulations and multi-jurisdictional changes enacted in response to the action items provided by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), including the OECD s accord to set a minimum global corporate tax rate of 15%, increase tax uncertainty and could impact the company s effective tax rate and provision for income taxes. Given the unpredictability of possible further changes to and the potential interdependency of the United States or foreign tax laws and regulations, it is difficult to predict the cumulative effect of such tax laws and regulations on the company s results of operations. Risks Related to our Internal Controls and Accounting Policies If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and our results of operations and stock price could be materially adversely affected. The accuracy of our financial reporting is dependent on the effectiveness of our internal controls. Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations, including human error, the possibility that controls could be circumvented or become inadequate because of changed conditions, and fraud. Because of these inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting might not prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud. If we cannot maintain and execute adequate internal control over financial reporting or implement required new or improved controls that provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of the financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external use, we could suffer harm to our reputation, incur incremental compliance costs, fail to meet our public reporting requirements on a timely basis, be unable to properly report on our business and our results of operations, or be required to restate our financial statements, and our results of operations, our stock price and our ability to obtain new business could be materially adversely affected. 19 Table of Contents Our goodwill and other intangible assets could become impaired, which may require us to take material non-cash charges against earnings. Under current accounting guidelines, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets has been impaired. Any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of such analysis would result in a non-cash charge against earnings, and such charge could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations, stockholders equity and our stock price. A significant and sustained decline in our future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the economic environment, slower growth rates or if our stock price falls below our net book value per share for a sustained period, could result in the need to perform additional impairment analysis in future periods. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is necessary, then we would record such additional charges, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 