Item 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this report, including without limitation our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates.” The following risk factors have been organized by category for ease of use; however, many of the risks may have impacts in more than one category. 41 Insurance-Related Risks High levels of catastrophe losses, including as a result of factors such as increased concentrations of insured exposures in catastrophe-prone areas and changing climate conditions, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, our financial position and/or liquidity, and could adversely impact our ratings, our ability to raise capital and the availability and cost of reinsurance. Our property and casualty insurance operations expose us to claims arising out of catastrophes in each of the geographies where we write business and to varying peak catastrophe perils in different countries and regions. Catastrophes can be caused by various natural events, including, among others, hurricanes, tornadoes and other windstorms, earthquakes, hail, wildfires, severe winter weather, floods, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, solar flares and other naturally occurring events. Catastrophes can also be man-made, such as terrorist attacks and other destructive acts including those involving cyber events, nuclear, biological, chemical and radiological events, civil unrest, explosions and destruction of infrastructure. The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable, and it is possible that both the frequency and severity of natural and man-made catastrophic events could increase. Severe weather events over the last few decades have underscored the unpredictability of climate trends. For example, the frequency and/or severity of hurricane, tornado, hail and wildfire events in the United States have been more volatile during this time period. The insurance industry has experienced increased catastrophe losses due to a number of potential factors, including, in addition to weather/climate variability, aging infrastructure, more people living in, and moving to, high-risk areas, population growth in areas with weaker enforcement of building codes, urban expansion, an increase in the number of amenities included in, and the average size of, a home and higher inflation, including as a result of post-event demand surge. We believe that changing climate conditions have also likely added to the frequency and severity of natural disasters and created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. Climate studies by government agencies, academic institutions, catastrophe modeling organizations and other groups indicate that an increase in the frequency and/or intensity of hurricanes, hail and severe convective storms, heavy precipitation events and associated river, urban and flash flooding, sea level rise, droughts, heat waves and wildfires has occurred, and can be expected into the future. See “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Catastrophe Modeling” and “—Changing Climate Conditions.” All of the catastrophe modeling tools that we use or rely on to evaluate our catastrophe exposures are based on significant assumptions and judgments and are subject to error and mis-estimation. As a result, our estimated exposures could be materially different than our actual results. See “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Catastrophe Modeling” and “—Changing Climate Conditions.” In addition, for newer and rapidly evolving products, such as cyber insurance, limited historical loss experience and the potential for a widespread cyber event decrease the efficacy of modeling tools and increase the level of uncertainty related to the product, and as a result, the inherent potential for unexpected material economic loss. The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of the total amount of insured exposure affected by the event, the severity of the event and the coverage provided. For example, the specific location impacted by tornadoes is inherently random and unpredictable, and the specific location impacted by a tornado may or may not be highly populated and may or may not have a high concentration of our insured exposures. Similarly, the potential for losses from a cyber event can be magnified to the extent that the event impacts geographies, platforms, systems or vulnerabilities shared by a large number of policyholders, such as cloud-based software platforms, or in the event threat actors continue to expand their use of new and developing technologies, including artificial intelligence. In addition, increases in the value and geographic concentration of insured property, the number of policyholders exposed to certain events and the effects of inflation could increase the severity of claims resulting from a catastrophe. For example, in recent years, the effects of inflation, including as a result of post-event demand surge, have increased catastrophe losses, and this could occur again in the future. Disruptions to electrical power supplies have also increased losses arising from natural events, a dynamic which may become more frequent as dependency on electricity increases and/or if the reliability of the electric grid decreases. Disruptions to electrical power supplies could result from non-natural events as well, including cyber events. States have from time to time passed legislation, and regulators have taken action, that have the effect of limiting the ability of insurers to manage catastrophe risk, such as by restricting insurers from reducing exposures or withdrawing from catastrophe-prone areas, limiting insurers’ ability to increase prices, requiring price reductions or discounts or mandating that insurers participate in residual markets. Residual markets have resulted in, and may in the future result in, significant losses or assessments to insurers, including us. For example, the January 2025 California wildfires resulted in assessments to insurers from the California FAIR Plan. In addition, legislative, regulatory and legal actions have sought to expand insurance coverage for catastrophe claims beyond the original intent of the policies, prevent the application of deductibles or limit other rights of insurers. We may not be able to adjust terms or adequately raise prices to offset the costs of catastrophes. See “Item 1—Business—U.S. State and Federal Regulation—Regulatory and Legislative Responses to Catastrophes.” 42 The estimation of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves related to catastrophe losses can be affected by, among other things, the nature of the information available at the time of estimation, coverage issues, and legal, regulatory and economic uncertainties. The estimates related to catastrophe losses are adjusted in subsequent periods as actual claims emerge and additional information becomes available, and these adjustments could be material. Exposure to catastrophe losses could adversely affect our financial strength and claims-paying ratings and could impair our ability to raise capital on acceptable terms or at all. Also, as a result of our exposure to catastrophe losses, rating agencies may further increase capital requirements, which may require us to raise capital to maintain our ratings. A ratings downgrade could hurt our ability to compete effectively or attract new business. In addition, catastrophic events could cause us to exhaust our available reinsurance limits and could adversely impact the cost and availability of reinsurance on a going-forward basis. Such events can also impact the credit of our reinsurers. For a discussion of our catastrophe reinsurance coverage, see “Item 1—Business—Reinsurance—Catastrophe Reinsurance.” Catastrophic events could also adversely impact the credit of the issuers of securities held in our investment portfolio, such as states or municipalities. In addition, coverage in our reinsurance program for terrorism is limited. Although the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program provides benefits in the event of certain acts of terrorism, those benefits are subject to a deductible and other limitations, and the program is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2027. Under current provisions of this program, once our losses exceed 20% of our eligible direct commercial earned premiums for the preceding calendar year, the federal government will reimburse us for 80% of our losses attributable to certain acts of terrorism which exceed this deductible up to a total industry program cap of $100 billion. Our estimated deductible under the program is $4.01 billion for 2026. For a further description of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program, see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Because of the risks set forth above, catastrophes could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity. Further, we may not have sufficient resources to respond to claims arising from a high frequency of high-severity natural catastrophes and/or of man-made catastrophic events involving conventional means or claims arising out of one or more man-made catastrophic events involving cyber, nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological means. If actual claims exceed our claims and claim adjustment expense reserves, or if changes in the estimated level of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves are necessary, including as a result of, among other things, changes in the legal/tort, regulatory and economic environments in which the Company operates, our financial results could be materially and adversely affected. Claims and claim adjustment expense reserves (“loss reserves”) represent management estimates of what the ultimate settlement and administration of claims will cost, generally utilizing actuarial expertise and projection techniques, at a given accounting date. The process of estimating loss reserves involves a high degree of judgment and is subject to a number of variables and significant uncertainty. These variables can be affected by both internal and external events, such as: changes in claims handling procedures, including automation; adverse changes in loss cost trends, including inflationary pressures, technology or other changes that may impact medical, auto and home repair costs (e.g., more costly technology in vehicles, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, higher costs of used vehicles and parts, and increased demand and decreased supply for raw materials, all of which result in increased severity of claims); economic conditions, including general and wage inflation; legal trends, including adverse changes in the tort environment that have continued to persist at elevated levels for a number of years (e.g., increased and more aggressive attorney involvement in insurance claims, increased litigation, expanded theories of liability, higher jury awards, lawsuit abuse and third-party litigation finance, among others); companies hiring less experienced workers, which can increase claims; higher interest rates, which can result in higher post-judgment interest costs; and legislative changes, among others. The impact of many of these items on ultimate costs for loss reserves could be material and is difficult to estimate. Loss reserve estimation difficulties also differ significantly by product line due to differences in claim complexity, the volume of claims, the potential severity of individual claims, the determination of occurrence date for a claim and lags in reporting of events to insurers, among other factors. Inflation in recent years significantly increased our loss costs in our personal and commercial businesses. Inflation higher than at the levels that the Company anticipates could negatively impact our loss costs in future periods. It is possible that, among other things, potential actions taken by the federal government, such as tax reform or changes in international trade regulation, including tariffs, could lead to higher than anticipated inflation. The impact of inflation on loss costs could be more pronounced for those lines of business that are considered “long tail,” such as general liability and workers’ compensation, as they require a relatively long period of time to finalize and settle claims for a given accident year or require payouts over a long period of time. In addition, a significant portion of claims costs, including those in “long tail” lines of business, consists of medical costs. As a result, an increase in medical inflation could materially and adversely impact our loss costs and our claims and claim adjustment expense reserves. Changes in the inflationary environment in recent years have impacted medical labor and materials costs, the potential persistency of which could result in future loss costs which are higher than our current expectations. In addition to the impact of inflation on reserves, on a going forward basis, we may not be able to offset the impact of inflation on our loss costs with sufficient price increases. The estimation of loss reserves may also be more difficult 43 during extreme events, such as a pandemic, or during volatile or uncertain economic conditions, due to unexpected changes in behavior of claimants and policyholders, including an increase in fraudulent reporting of exposures and/or losses, reduced maintenance of insured properties, increased frequency of small claims or delays in the reporting or adjudication of claims. We refine our loss reserve estimates as part of a regular, ongoing process as historical loss experience develops, additional claims are reported and settled, and the legal, regulatory and economic environment evolves. Business judgment is applied throughout the process, including the application of various individual experiences and expertise to multiple sets of data and analyses. Additionally, models and technology are used in the claim estimation process, which can present risks of model inaccuracy. Different experts may apply different assumptions and judgments when faced with material uncertainty, based on their individual backgrounds, professional experiences and areas of focus. As a result, these experts may at times produce estimates materially different from each other. This risk may be exacerbated in the context of an extreme event or an acquisition. Experts providing input to the various estimates, models and underlying assumptions include actuaries, underwriters, claim personnel and lawyers, as well as other members of management. Therefore, management often considers varying individual viewpoints as part of its estimation of loss reserves. Due to the inherent uncertainty underlying loss reserve estimates, the final resolution of the estimated liability for claims and claim adjustment expenses will likely be higher or lower than the related loss reserves at the reporting date. In addition, our estimate of claims and claim adjustment expenses is likely to change. These additional liabilities or increases in estimates, or a range of either, could vary significantly from period to period and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and/or our financial position. For a discussion of loss reserves by product line, including examples of common factors that can affect reserves, see “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates—Claims and Claim Adjustment Expense Reserves.” Our business could be harmed because of our continued exposure to asbestos claims and related litigation. We continue to receive a significant number of asbestos claims. Factors underlying these claim filings include continued intensive advertising by lawyers seeking asbestos claimants and the continued focus by plaintiffs on defendants, such as manufacturers of talcum powder, who were not traditionally sued and/or primary targets of asbestos litigation. We also continue to be involved in coverage litigation concerning a number of policyholders, some of whom have filed for bankruptcy, who in some instances have asserted that all or a portion of their asbestos-related claims are not subject to aggregate limits on coverage and/or that each individual bodily injury claim should be treated as a separate occurrence under the policy. To the extent both issues are resolved in a policyholder’s favor and our other defenses are not successful, our coverage obligations under the policies at issue would be materially increased and bounded only by the applicable per-occurrence limits and the number of asbestos bodily injury claims against the policyholders. Although we have seen a moderation in the overall risk associated with these lawsuits, it remains difficult to predict the ultimate cost of these claims. Further, in addition to claims against policyholders, proceedings have been launched directly against insurers, including us, by individuals challenging insurers’ conduct with respect to the handling of past asbestos claims and by individuals seeking damages arising from alleged asbestos-related bodily injuries. It is possible that the filing of other direct actions against insurers, including us, could be made in the future. As mentioned above, the Company has been, and continues to be, involved in litigation involving insurance coverage issues pertaining to asbestos claims. The Company believes that some court decisions have interpreted the insurance coverage to be broader than the original intent of the insurers and policyholders. These decisions continue to be inconsistent and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Uncertainties surrounding the final resolution of these asbestos claims continue, and it is difficult to estimate our ultimate liability for such claims and related litigation. As a result, these reserves are subject to revision as new information becomes available and as claims develop. It is also not possible to predict changes in the legal, regulatory and legislative environment and their impact on the future development of asbestos claims. This environment could be affected by changes in applicable legislation and future court and regulatory decisions and interpretations, including the outcome of legal challenges to legislative and/or judicial reforms establishing medical criteria for the pursuit of asbestos claims. It is also difficult to predict the ultimate outcome of complex coverage disputes until settlement negotiations near completion and significant legal questions are resolved or, failing settlement, until the dispute is adjudicated. This is particularly the case with policyholders in bankruptcy where negotiations often involve a large number of claimants and other parties and require court approval to be effective. It is possible that the outcome of the continued uncertainties regarding these claims could result in liability in future periods that differs from current reserves by an amount that could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. See the “Asbestos Claims and Litigation” and “Uncertainty Regarding Adequacy of Asbestos Reserves” sections of “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Also see “Item 3—Legal Proceedings.” We are exposed to, and may face adverse developments involving, mass tort claims such as those relating to exposure to potentially harmful products or substances. We face exposure to mass tort claims, including claims related to exposure to 44 potentially harmful products or substances, such as perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), talc, opioids and lead. Establishing loss reserves for mass tort claims is subject to significant uncertainties because of many factors, including adverse changes to the tort environment that have continued to persist at elevated levels for a number of years (e.g., increased and more aggressive attorney involvement in insurance claims, increased litigation, expanded theories of liability, higher jury awards, lawsuit abuse and third-party litigation finance, among others); evolving judicial interpretations, including application of various theories of joint and several liabilities; disputes concerning medical causation with respect to certain diseases; geographical concentration of the lawsuits asserting the claims; and the potential for a large rise in the total number of claims without underlying epidemiological developments suggesting an increase in disease rates. Because of the uncertainties set forth above, additional liabilities may arise for amounts significantly in excess of the current loss reserves. In addition, our estimate of loss reserves may change. These additional liabilities or increases in estimates, or a range of either, could vary significantly from period to period and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and/or our financial position. The effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain, and court decisions or legislative changes that take place after we issue our policies can result in an unexpected increase in the number of claims and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and/or our financial position. As industry practices and legal, judicial, social and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claim and coverage are likely to emerge. These issues may adversely affect our business, including by extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent, by increasing the number, size or types of claims or by mandating changes to our underwriting practices. Examples of such claims and coverage issues include, but are not limited to: •judicial expansion of policy coverage and the impact of new or expanded theories of liability; •plaintiffs targeting insurers in purported class action litigation relating to claims handling and other practices; •claims relating to construction defects, which often present complex coverage and damage valuation questions; •claims related to data and network security breaches, information system failures or cyber events, including cases where coverage was not intended to be provided; •the assertion of “public nuisance” or similar theories of liability, pursuant to which plaintiffs, including governmental entities, seek to recover monies spent to respond to harm caused to members of the public, abate hazards to public health and safety and/or recover expenditures purportedly attributable to a “public nuisance,” such as litigation against manufacturers or distributors of lead paint, opioids, perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) and other allegedly harmful products, and entities that caused or contributed to harm to the environment; •claims related to liability, business interruption or workers’ compensation arising out of infectious disease or pandemic; •claims relating to abuse by an employee or a volunteer of an insured; •claims that link health issues to particular causes (for example, cumulative traumatic head injury from sports or other causes), resulting in liability or workers’ compensation claims; •expansion of compensable workers’ compensation claims; •claims arising out of the use of personal property in commercial transactions, such as ride or home sharing; •claims against fiduciaries of retirement plans, including allegations regarding excessive fees; •claims under laws protecting biometric and other personal data; •claims relating to consequences of current or new technologies, including artificial intelligence or addictive software, or business models or processes, including as a result of related behavioral changes; •claims relating to changing climate conditions, including claims alleging that our policyholders cause or contribute to changing climate conditions; and •bankruptcies of policyholders or other insurers, which can lead to inflated numbers and values of claims. In some instances, emerging issues may not become apparent for some time after we have issued the affected insurance policies. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance policies may not be known for many years after the policies are issued. In addition, the passage of new legislation designed to expand the right to sue, to remove limitations on recovery, to deem by statute the existence of a covered occurrence, to extend or eliminate the statutes of limitations or otherwise to repeal or weaken tort reforms could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and/or our financial position. For example, over the past decade, a number of states have enacted legislation allowing victims of sexual molestation to file or proceed with claims that otherwise would have been time-barred, which have resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, significant claims payments by the Company, and additional states are considering similar legislative changes. The effects of these and other unforeseen emerging claim and coverage issues are extremely hard to predict and could harm our business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations and/or our financial position. 45 Financial, Economic and Credit Risks During or following a period of financial market disruption or an economic downturn, our business could be materially and adversely affected. If financial markets experience significant disruption or if economic conditions deteriorate, such as in a period of recession or stagflation, our results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity likely would be adversely impacted. For example, financial market disruptions and economic downturns in the past have resulted in, among other things, reduced business volume, heightened credit risk, reduced valuations for certain of our investments and heightened vulnerability for smaller vendors with whom we do business. Future actions or inactions of the United States government related to the “debt-ceiling” could increase the actual or perceived risk that the United States may not ultimately pay its obligations when due. This could result in downgrades to the credit rating of the United States and potential disruption to financial markets, including capital markets. Several of the risk factors discussed above and below identify risks that could result from, or be exacerbated by, financial market disruption, an economic slowdown or economic uncertainty. These include risks discussed above related to our estimates of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves and emerging claim and coverage issues, and those discussed below related to our investment portfolio, the competitive environment, reinsurance arrangements, other credit exposures, regulatory developments and the impact of rating agency actions. See also “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” particularly the “Outlook” section, for additional information about these risks and the potential impact on our business. Our investment portfolio is subject to credit and interest rate risk, and may suffer reduced or low returns or material realized or unrealized losses. Investment returns are an important part of our overall profitability. Fixed maturity and short-term investments comprised approximately 94% of the carrying value of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2025. Changes in interest rates affect the carrying value of our fixed maturity investments and returns on our fixed maturity and short-term investments. A decline in interest rates reduces the returns available on short-term investments and new fixed maturity investments (including those purchased to re-invest maturities from the existing portfolio), thereby negatively impacting our net investment income on a going-forward basis, while rising interest rates reduce the market value of existing fixed maturity investments, thereby negatively impacting our book value. See also “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Outlook.” The value of our fixed maturity and short-term investments is also subject to the risk that certain investments may default or become impaired due to a deterioration in the financial condition of one or more issuers of the securities held in our portfolio, or due to a deterioration in the financial condition of an insurer that guarantees an issuer’s payments of such investments. Such defaults and impairments could reduce our net investment income and result in realized investment losses. During an economic downturn, fixed maturity and short-term investments could be subject to a higher risk of default, and our non-fixed income investments could be negatively impacted as well. A significant portion of our fixed maturity investment portfolio is invested in obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions. This municipal bond portfolio could be subject to default or impairment. In particular: •Many state and local governments have from time to time operated under deficits or projected deficits, particularly during and after a financial market disruption or economic downturn. The severity and duration of these deficits could have an adverse impact on the collectability and valuation of our municipal bond portfolio. These deficits may also be exacerbated by the impact of unfunded pension plan obligations and other postretirement obligations or by declining municipal tax bases and revenues in times of financial stress. •Some municipal bond issuers may be unwilling to increase tax rates, or to reduce spending, to fund interest or principal payments on their municipal bonds, or may be unable to access the municipal bond market to fund such payments. The risk of widespread defaults may increase if some issuers voluntarily choose to default, instead of implementing difficult fiscal measures, and the actual or perceived consequences are less severe than expected. •The risk of widespread defaults may also increase if there are changes in legislation that permit states, municipalities and political subdivisions to file for bankruptcy protection where they were not permitted before. In addition, the collectability and valuation of municipal bonds may be adversely affected if there are judicial interpretations in a bankruptcy or other proceeding that lessen the value of structural protections. For example, debtors may challenge the effectiveness of structural protections thought to be provided by municipal securities backed by a dedicated source of revenue. The collectability and valuation may also be adversely affected if there are judicial interpretations in a bankruptcy or other proceeding that question the payment priority of municipal bonds. Our portfolio has benefited from tax exemptions (such as those related to interest from municipal bonds) and certain other tax laws, including, but not limited to, those governing dividends-received deductions and tax credits. Changes in these laws could adversely impact the value of our investment portfolio. 46 Our investment portfolio includes: residential mortgage-backed securities; collateralized mortgage obligations; pass-through securities and asset-backed securities collateralized by sub-prime mortgages; commercial mortgage-backed securities; and wholly-owned real estate and real estate partnerships, all of which could be adversely impacted by declines in real estate valuations. We also invest a portion of our assets in equity securities, private equity limited partnerships, hedge funds and, as noted above, real estate partnerships, as well as strategic investments in private and/or public companies. From time to time, we may also invest in other types of non-fixed maturity investments, including investments with exposure to commodity price risk. All of these asset classes are subject to greater volatility in their investment returns than fixed maturity investments. General economic and market conditions, changes in applicable tax laws and many other factors beyond our control can adversely affect the value of our non-fixed maturity investments and the realization of net investment income, and/or result in realized investment losses. As a result of these factors, we may realize reduced returns on these investments, incur losses on sales of these investments and be required to write down the value of these investments, which could reduce our net investment income and result in realized investment losses. From time to time, the Company enters into short positions in U.S. Treasury futures contracts to manage the duration of its fixed maturity portfolio, which can result in realized investment losses. Our investment portfolio is also subject to increased valuation uncertainties when investment markets are illiquid. The valuation of investments is more subjective when markets are illiquid, thereby increasing the risk that the estimated fair value (i.e., the carrying amount) of the portion of the investment portfolio that is carried at fair value as reflected in our financial statements is not reflective of prices at which actual transactions could occur. We have in the past, and may in the future, depending on changes in circumstances, such as economic and market conditions and relative asset valuations, make changes to the mix of investments in our investment portfolio as part of our ongoing efforts to seek appropriate risk-adjusted returns. These changes may impact the duration, diversification, volatility, and risk of our investment portfolio. Because of the risks set forth above, the value of our investment portfolio could decrease, we could experience reduced net investment income and we could experience realized and/or unrealized investment losses, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and/or liquidity. We may not be able to collect all amounts due to us from reinsurers, reinsurance coverage may not be available to us in the future at commercially reasonable rates or at all and we are exposed to credit risk related to our structured settlements. Although the reinsurer is liable to us to the extent of the reinsurance, we remain liable as the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. As a result, reinsurance arrangements do not eliminate our obligation to pay claims. Accordingly, we are subject to credit risk with respect to our ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers. In the past, certain reinsurers have ceased writing business and entered into runoff. Some of our reinsurance claims may be disputed by the reinsurers, and we may ultimately receive partial or no payment. This is a particular risk in the case of claims that relate to insurance policies written many years ago, including those relating to asbestos claims. In addition, in a number of jurisdictions a reinsurer is permitted to transfer a reinsurance arrangement to another reinsurer, which may be less creditworthy, without a counterparty’s consent. Also, the reinsurance that we purchase may not cover all of the risks covered by the policies that we issue. Included in reinsurance recoverables are amounts related to certain structured settlements. Structured settlements are annuities purchased from various life insurance companies to settle certain personal physical injury claims, of which workers’ compensation claims comprise a significant portion. In cases where we did not receive a release from the claimant, the structured settlement is included in reinsurance recoverables and the related claim cost is included in the liability for loss reserves, as we retain the contingent liability to the claimant. Some of the life insurance companies from which we have purchased annuities have been downgraded to below investment grade credit ratings subsequent to the time of the purchase. If it is expected that the life insurance company is not able to pay, we would recognize an impairment of the related reinsurance recoverable if, and to the extent, the purchased annuities are not covered by state guaranty associations. In the event that the life insurance company fails to make the required annuity payments, we would be required to make such payments. For a discussion of the top five providers of our reinsurance and structured settlements, see “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Reinsurance Recoverables.” The availability of reinsurance capacity, as well as its cost and terms, can be impacted, and in recent periods have been impacted, by general economic conditions and conditions in the reinsurance market, such as the occurrence of significant reinsured events or unexpected adverse trends. The availability, cost and terms of reinsurance could affect our business volume and profitability. In addition, the Covered Agreements between the U.S. and each of the EU and U.K. eliminate the requirement for European and U.K. reinsurers operating in the U.S. to provide collateral, which have made it more difficult for U.S. companies, including us, to obtain collateral from European and U.K. reinsurers. 47 Because of the risks set forth above, we may not be able to collect all amounts due to us from reinsurers, and reinsurance coverage may not be available to us in the future at commercially reasonable rates or terms, or at all, and/or life insurance companies may fail to make required annuity payments, and thus our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We are exposed to credit risk in certain of our insurance operations and with respect to certain guarantee or indemnification arrangements that we have with third parties. We are exposed to credit risk in several areas of our business operations, including credit risk relating to policyholders, independent agents and brokers. To a significant degree, the extent of the credit risk that we face is a function of the health of the economy; accordingly, we face an increased credit risk in an economic downturn. We are exposed to credit risk in our surety insurance operations, where we guarantee to a third party that our customer will satisfy certain performance obligations (e.g., a construction contract) or certain financial obligations, including exposure to large customers who may have obligations to multiple third parties. If our customer defaults, we may suffer losses and not be reimbursed by that customer, even though we are entitled to indemnification from such customer. In addition, it is customary practice for multiple insurers to participate as co-sureties on large surety bonds. Under these arrangements, the co-surety obligations are typically joint and several, in which case we are also exposed to credit risk with respect to our co-sureties. In addition, a portion of our business is written with large deductible insurance policies. Under casualty insurance contracts with deductible features, we are obligated to pay the claimant the full amount of the settled claim. We are subsequently reimbursed by the contractholder for the deductible amount, and, as a result, we are exposed to credit risk to the policyholder. Moreover, certain policyholders purchase retrospectively rated policies (i.e., where premiums are adjusted after the policy period based on the actual loss experience of the policyholder during the policy period). Retrospectively rated policies expose us to additional credit risk to the extent that the adjusted premium is greater than the original premium. Our efforts to mitigate the credit risk that we have to our insureds may not be successful. For example, we may not be able to
