ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Any of the risks and uncertainties described below could significantly and negatively affect our business operations, financial condition, operating results (including components of our financial results), cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline significantly. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or risks that we currently consider immaterial, could also impair our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation or credit ratings. Strategic and Business Development Risks We may not be successful in executing elements of our strategic operating plan, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial results and market capitalization. United Next, the Company's strategic operating plan, includes firm orders of over 630 narrow- and widebody aircraft, retrofitting plans and plans to continue to increase mainline daily departures and available seats across the Company's North American network. In developing our United Next plan, we made certain assumptions including, but not limited to, customer demand (in light of changing economic conditions), fuel costs, delivery of aircraft, aircraft certification approval timelines, labor market constraints and related costs, supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures, voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft, our regional network, competition, market consolidation and other macroeconomic and geopolitical factors. We also subsequently adjusted certain of our assumptions as a result of the increase in costs due to infrastructure improvements, new labor contracts and aircraft maintenance that were needed to support our United Next plan as well as delays in aircraft deliveries. Actual conditions may be different from our assumptions at any time and could cause us to further adjust our strategic operating plan. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully execute our strategic plan, that the growth we anticipate will occur through execution of our strategic plan will not exacerbate any other risk described in this Form 10-K (especially relating to fuel costs, the impact of economic pressures or geopolitical events, our supply chain or our ability to recruit, hire, develop and retain talent), that our strategic plan will not result in additional unanticipated costs, that our suppliers will timely provide adequate products or support for our products (including but not limited to certification and delivery of aircraft, engines and other aircraft parts) or that our strategic plan will result in improvements in future financial performance. If we do not successfully execute our United Next or other strategic plans, if actual results vary significantly from our expectations or if we otherwise fail to successfully structure our business to meet market conditions, our business, operating results, financial condition and market capitalization could be materially and adversely impacted. Changes in the Company's network strategy over time or other factors outside of the Company's control may make aircraft on order less economical for the Company, result in costs related to modification or termination of aircraft orders or cause the Company to enter into orders for new aircraft on less favorable terms, and any inability to accept or integrate new aircraft into the Company's fleet as planned could increase costs or affect the Company's flight schedules. The Company's orders for new aircraft are typically made years in advance of actual delivery of such aircraft and the financial commitment required for purchases of new aircraft is substantial. As a result of our network strategy changing or our demand expectations not being realized, our preference for the aircraft that we previously ordered may decrease; however, we may be responsible for material liabilities to our counterparties if we attempt to modify or terminate any of our existing aircraft order commitments and as a result our financial condition could be adversely impacted. These risks are heightened as a result of the Company's sizeable United Next aircraft orders. Additionally, the Company may have a need for additional aircraft that are not available under its existing firm orders or options and may seek to acquire aircraft from other sources, such as through lease arrangements, which may result in higher costs and/or less favorable terms, or through the purchase or lease of used aircraft. The Company may not be able to acquire such aircraft when needed on favorable terms or at all. Furthermore, if, for any reason, the Company is unable or does not want to accept deliveries of new aircraft or integrate such new aircraft into its fleet as planned, the Company may face higher financing and operating costs than planned or litigation risks, and may be required to seek extensions of the terms for certain leased aircraft or otherwise delay the exit of other aircraft from its fleet. Unanticipated extensions or delays may require the Company to operate existing aircraft beyond the point at which it is economically optimal to retire them, resulting in increased maintenance costs, or potentially requiring the Company to reduce its schedule, thereby reducing revenues. The imposition of new tariffs, any increase in existing tariffs, and retaliatory tariffs implemented by other countries where United operates, on the importation of commercial aircraft, engines or commercial aircraft parts that the Company orders may result in higher costs. In addition, to the extent our key aircraft, engine or aircraft parts suppliers are affected by tariffs and seek to pass those costs onto us, our costs of acquiring new aircraft, engine or aircraft parts could increase. 17 Table of Contents The failure to effectively manage acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions could adversely impact our operating results. In addition, any businesses or assets that we acquire in the future increase our exposure to unknown liabilities or other issues and also may underperform as compared to expectations. An important part of the Company's strategy to expand its global network and operate an environmentally sustainable, responsible and innovative airline has included making significant investments, both domestically and in other parts of the world, in other airlines and other aviation industry participants, producers of SAF, manufacturers of electric, hybrid and other new generation aircraft, and startups developing technologies in aerospace, next-generation air traffic control and aviation infrastructure, energy transition and AI-driven travel innovation. The Company plans to continue to make additional investments, including through its corporate venture capital arm, UAV, and through the Fund. However, since there are a limited number of potential arrangements, and other airlines and industry participants seek to enter into similar relationships, this may make it difficult for the Company to complete strategic investments on commercially reasonable terms or at all. These investments are inherently risky and may not be successful in meeting the Company's expectations. Future revenues, profits and cash flows of these and future investments and repayment of invested or loaned funds may not materialize due to safety concerns, regulatory issues, supply chain constraints or other factors beyond our control. Where we acquire debt or equity securities as all or part of the consideration for business development activities, such as in connection with a joint venture, the value of those securities will fluctuate and may depreciate in value. We may not control the companies in which we make investments and, as a result, we will have limited ability to determine their management, operational decisions, internal controls and compliance and other policies, which can result in additional financial and reputational risks. Further, acquisitions and investments create exposure to assumed litigation and unknown liabilities, as well as undetected internal control, regulatory compliance or other issues, or additional costs not anticipated at the time the transaction was completed, and our due diligence efforts may not identify such liabilities or issues, or they may not be fully disclosed to us. From time to time, we also divest assets. We may not be successful in separating any such assets, and losses on the divestiture of, or lost operating income from, such assets may adversely affect our earnings. Any divestitures also may result in continued financial exposure to the divested businesses following the transaction, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements or potential litigation. In addition, we have incurred, and may again in the future incur, asset impairment charges related to acquisitions, divestitures, investments or joint ventures that have the effect of reducing our earnings. Moreover, new or revised accounting standards, rules and interpretations could result in changes to the recognition of income and expense that may materially and adversely affect our financial results. If the execution or implementation of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, joint ventures and other portfolio actions is not successful, it could adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, due to the Company's substantial amount of debt, there are certain limitations on the Company's business development capacity. Further, pursuing these opportunities may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing and could result in increased leverage and/or a downgrade of our credit ratings. Business, Operational and Industry Risks The Company could experience adverse publicity, increased regulatory scrutiny, harm to its brand, reduced travel demand, potential tort liability and operational restrictions as a result of an accident, catastrophe or incident involving its aircraft or its operations or the aircraft or operations of another airline, which may result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results or financial condition. An accident, catastrophe or incident involving an aircraft that the Company operates, or an aircraft or aircraft type that is operated by another airline, or an incident involving the Company's operations, or the operations of another airline, could have a material adverse effect on the Company if such accident, catastrophe or incident creates a public perception that the Company's operations, or the operations of its codeshare partners or regional carriers, are not safe or reliable, or are less safe or reliable than other airlines. Further, any such accident, catastrophe or incident involving the Company, its regional carriers or its codeshare partners could expose the Company to increased regulatory scrutiny and significant liability. For example, in 2024 the FAA conducted a review of the Company's safety and compliance oversight of its operations, though the FAA found no significant safety or compliance issues. Although the Company maintains liability insurance in amounts and of the type the Company believes to be consistent with industry practice to cover damages arising from any such accident, catastrophe or incident, and the Company's codeshare partners and regional carriers carry similar insurance and generally indemnify the Company for their operations, if the Company's liability exceeds the applicable policy limits or the ability of another carrier to indemnify it, the Company could 18 Table of Contents incur substantial losses from an accident, catastrophe or incident, which may result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results or financial condition. In addition, any such accident, catastrophe or incident involving the Company, its regional carriers or its codeshare partners could result in operational restrictions on the Company, including voluntary or mandatory groundings of aircraft. Voluntary or involuntary groundings have also impacted, and could in the future impact, the Company's financial results and operations in numerous ways, including reduced revenue, redistributions of other aircraft and deferrals of capital expenditure and other spending. A prolonged period of time operating a reduced fleet in circumstances such as these could result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results or financial condition. The global airline industry is highly competitive and susceptible to price discounting and changes in capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. The airline industry is highly competitive, marked by significant competition with respect to routes, fares, schedules (both timing and frequency), services, products, customer service and frequent flyer programs. Consolidation in the airline industry, the rise of well-funded government sponsored international carriers, changes in international alliances, swaps of slots and the creation of immunized JBAs have altered and are expected to continue to alter the competitive landscape in the industry, resulting in the formation of airlines and alliances with increased financial resources, more extensive global networks and services and competitive cost structures. Open Skies agreements, including the agreements between the United States and each of the EU, Canada, Japan, Korea, New Zealand, Australia, Colombia, Panama, Mexico, Brazil and the UK, may also give rise to better integration opportunities among international carriers. Movement of airlines between current global airline alliances could reduce joint network coverage for members of such alliances while also creating opportunities for JBAs and bilateral alliances that did not exist before such realignment. Further airline and airline alliance consolidations or reorganizations could occur in the future, and other airlines participating in such activities may significantly improve their cost structures or revenue generation capabilities, thereby potentially making them stronger competitors of the Company and impairing the Company's ability to realize expected benefits from its own strategic relationships. Airlines also compete by increasing or decreasing their capacity, including route systems and the number of destinations served. Several of the Company's domestic and international competitors have increased their international capacity by including service to some destinations that the Company currently serves, causing overlap in destinations served and, therefore, increasing competition for those destinations. This increased competition in both domestic and international markets may have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results and financial condition. The Company's U.S. operations are subject to competition from traditional network carriers, national point-to-point carriers and discount carriers, including low-cost carriers and ultra-low-cost carriers, that may have lower costs and provide service at lower fares to destinations also served by the Company. The significant presence of low-cost carriers and ultra-low-cost carriers, which engage in substantial price discounting, may diminish our ability to achieve sustained profitability on domestic and international routes and has also caused us to reduce fares for certain routes, resulting in lower yields on many domestic markets. Our ability to compete effectively, particularly in the domestic market, depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a competitive cost structure. If we cannot maintain our costs at a competitive level, then our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our competitors have established new routes and destinations, including some at our hub airports, which may compete with our existing routes and destinations and expansion plans. Our international operations are subject to competition from both foreign and domestic carriers. For instance, competition is significant from government-subsidized competitors from certain Middle East countries. These carriers have large numbers of international widebody aircraft on order and are increasing service to the U.S. from their hubs in the Middle East. The government support provided to these carriers has allowed them to grow quickly, reinvest in their product, invest in other airlines and expand their global presence. We also face competition from foreign carriers operating under "fifth freedom" rights permitted under international treaties that allow certain carriers to provide service to and from stopover points between their home countries and ultimate destinations, including points in the United States, in competition with service provided by us. Through alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements with foreign carriers, U.S. carriers have increased their ability to sell international transportation, such as services to and beyond traditional global gateway cities. Similarly, foreign carriers have obtained increased access to interior U.S. passenger traffic beyond traditional U.S. gateway cities through these relationships. In addition, several JBAs among U.S. and foreign carriers have received grants of antitrust immunity allowing the participating carriers to coordinate schedules, pricing, sales and inventory. If we are not able to continue participating in these types of alliance and other marketing and codesharing agreements in the future, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 19 Table of Contents Our MileagePlus loyalty program plays a significant role in our business, and unfavorable developments affecting the program could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our MileagePlus loyalty program benefits from the attractiveness and competitiveness of United Airlines as a material purchaser of award miles and the majority recipient for mileage redemption. If we are not able to maintain a competitive and attractive airline business, our ability to acquire, engage and retain customers in the MileagePlus loyalty program may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect the loyalty program and our operating results and financial condition. Our MileagePlus loyalty program also faces significant and increasing direct competition from the frequent flyer programs offered by other airlines, as well as from similar loyalty programs offered by banks and other financial services companies. Competition among loyalty programs is intense regarding customer acquisition incentives, the value and utility of program currency, rewards range and value, fees, required usage, and other terms and conditions of these programs. If we are not able to maintain a competitive frequent flyer program, or if we make changes to our loyalty program, including as a result of legal or regulatory requirements or considerations, our ability to attract and retain customers to MileagePlus and United alike may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Substantially all of the Company's aircraft, engines and certain parts are sourced from a limited number of suppliers; therefore, the Company would be materially and adversely affected if it were unable to obtain timely deliveries, additional equipment or support from any of these suppliers. The Company currently sources substantially all of its aircraft and many related aircraft parts from The Boeing Company ("Boeing") or Airbus S.A.S. ("Airbus"). In addition, our aircraft suppliers are dependent on other suppliers for certain other aircraft parts. The Company is also dependent on a limited number of suppliers for engines and certain other aircraft parts. Therefore, if the Company is unable to acquire additional aircraft, engines or aircraft parts at acceptable prices, or if the suppliers fail to make timely deliveries of aircraft, engines or aircraft parts (whether as a result of unavailability, increased FAA oversight of the production process, any failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval or certification for new model aircraft, manufacturing delays or otherwise) or to provide adequate support for their products, including with respect to the aircraft subject to firm orders under our United Next plan, the Company's operations could be materially and adversely affected. For example, due to production delays, deliveries from Boeing and Airbus have been delayed in recent years, which caused the Company to rework its fleet plan, and the Company may experience further delays in the future which may impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Many of our suppliers are experiencing inflationary pressures, as well as disruptions due to the lingering impacts of global supply chain disruption and labor market constraints and related costs. If one or more of our suppliers, our contractors or their subcontractors continue to experience financial difficulties, delivery delays or other performance problems, they may be unable to meet their commitments to us and our financial position, results of operations and cash flows may continue to be adversely impacted. Unfavorable economic and political conditions, in the United States and globally, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. The Company's business and operating results are significantly impacted by U.S. and global economic and political conditions. The airline industry is highly cyclical and the level of demand for air travel is correlated to the strength of the U.S. and global economies, including unemployment levels, consumer confidence levels and the availability of consumer and business credit. Air transportation is often a discretionary purchase that leisure travelers may limit or eliminate during difficult economic times. Short-haul travelers, in particular, have the option to replace air travel with surface travel. In addition, during periods of unfavorable economic conditions, business travelers historically have reduced the volume of their travel, either due to cost-saving initiatives, the replacement of travel with alternatives such as videoconferencing or as a result of decreased business activity requiring travel. Furthermore, an increase in price levels generally or in price levels in a particular sector (such as current inflationary pressures related to domestic and global supply chain constraints, which have led to both overall price increases and pronounced price increases in certain sectors) could result in a shift in consumer demand away from both leisure and business travel. Reduced or flat consumer spending may drive us and our competitors to reduce or offer promotional prices, which would negatively impact our gross margin. Any of the foregoing would adversely affect the Company's business and operating results. Significant declines in industry passenger demand, particularly with respect to the Company's business and premium cabin travelers and a reduction in fare levels could lead to a material reduction in revenue, changes to the Company's operations and deferrals of capital expenditure and other spending. Additionally, any deterioration in global trade relations, such as increased tariffs or other trade barriers, could result in a decrease in the demand for international air travel. The Company's business relies extensively on third-party service providers, including certain technology providers. Failure of these parties to perform as expected, or interruptions in the Company's relationships with these providers or their 20 Table of Contents provision of services to the Company, could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, operating results and financial condition. The Company has engaged third-party service providers to perform a large number of functions that are integral to its business, including regional operations, operation of customer service call centers, distribution and sale of airline seat inventory, provision of information technology infrastructure and services, transmitting or uploading of data, provision of aircraft maintenance and repairs, provision of various utilities and performance of airport ground services, aircraft fueling operations, catering services and air cargo handling services, among other vital functions and services. Although generally the Company enters into agreements that define expected service performance and compliance requirements, there can be no assurance that our third-party service providers will adhere to these requirements. Accordingly, any of these third-party service providers may materially fail to meet their service performance commitments to the Company or may suffer disruptions to their systems, labor groups or supply chains that could impact their services. For example, failures in certain third-party technology or communications systems have caused, and may in the future cause, flight delays or cancellations. In addition, the failure of any of the Company's third-party service providers to perform their service obligations adequately, or other interruptions of services, may reduce the Company's revenues and increase its expenses, prevent the Company from operating its flights and providing other services to its customers or result in adverse publicity or harm to our brand. We may also be subject to consequences from any illegal conduct of our third-party service providers, including for their failure to comply with anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. In addition, the Company's business and financial performance could be materially harmed if its customers believe that its services are unreliable or unsatisfactory. The Company may also have disagreements with its third-party service providers and related contracts may be terminated or may not be extended or renewed. For example, the number of flight reservations booked through third-party GDSs or OTAs may be adversely affected by disruptions in the business relationships between the Company and these suppliers. Such disruptions, including a failure to agree upon acceptable contract terms when contracts expire or otherwise become subject to renegotiation, may cause the Company's flight information to be limited or unavailable for display by the affected GDS or OTA operator, significantly increase fees for both the Company and GDS/OTA users and impair the Company's relationships with its customers and travel agencies. Any such disruptions or contract terminations may adversely impact our operations and financial results. If we are not able to negotiate or renew agreements with third-party service providers, or if we renew existing agreements on less favorable terms, our operations and financial results may be adversely affected. Extended interruptions or disruptions in service at major airports where we operate could have a material adverse impact on our operations, including our ability to operate our existing flight schedule and to expand or change our route network in the future, and space, facility and infrastructure constraints at our hubs or other airports may prevent the Company from maintaining existing service and/or implementing new service in a commercially viable manner. The airline industry is heavily dependent on business models that concentrate operations in major airports in the United States and throughout the world. An extended interruption or disruption at one of our hubs or other airports where we have a significant presence resulting from ATC delays and disruptions, weather conditions, natural disasters, growth constraints, relationships with or the performance of third-party service providers, cybersecurity incidents and other failures of computer systems, disruptions to government agencies or personnel (including as a result of government shutdowns), regulatory changes, disruptions at airport facilities or other key facilities used by us to manage our operations, labor relations and market constraints, power supplies, fuel supplies, terrorist activities, international hostilities or other factors could result in the cancellation or delay of a significant portion of our flights and, as a result, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. For example, during the U.S. federal government shutdown in late 2025, the FAA directed airlines, including the Company, to implement temporary schedule reductions across approximately 40 domestic airports, which required us to modify portions of our regional and domestic mainline flying and resulted in operational disruption and additional costs. In addition, in the spring of 2025, challenges associated with ATC staffing, technology outages and runway construction led to a concentrated number of delays and cancellations out of our EWR hub. We have minimal control over the operation, quality or maintenance of these services or whether our suppliers will improve or continue to provide services that are essential to our business. For example, because we prioritize operational excellence and continually work to optimize our route network and schedule, in light of the industry-wide operational challenges at airports in our network that have limited our system-wide capacity (like the operational disruptions experienced at EWR during the spring of 2025), we have reconfigured our proposed flight schedule and capacity to help improve our operational performance and our customers' experience. These industry-wide operational challenges have had a negative impact on our business and operating results and are expected to continue. In the future, we may not be able to adjust our operations to mitigate their effect, which 21 Table of Contents may have a negative impact on our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity and may limit our ability to expand or change our route network and execute our United Next strategy. As airports around the world become more congested, space, facility and infrastructure constraints at our hubs or other airports where we operate now or may operate in the future may prevent the Company from maintaining existing service and/or implementing new service in a commercially viable manner because of a number of factors, including capital improvements at such airports being imposed by the relevant airport authorities without the Company's approval. Capital spending projects of airport authorities currently underway and additional projects that we expect to commence over the next several years are expected to result in increased costs to airlines and the traveling public that use those facilities as the airports seek to recover their investments through increased rental rates, landing fees and other facility costs. These actions have caused and may continue to cause the Company to experience increased space rental rates at various airports in its network, including a number of our hubs and gateways, as well as increased operating costs. Furthermore, the Company is not able to control decisions by other airlines to reduce their capacity, causing certain fixed airport costs to be allocated among fewer total flights and resulting in increased landing fees and other costs for the Company. We currently have sufficient slots or analogous authorizations to operate our existing flights and we have generally, but not always, been able to obtain the rights to expand our operations and to change our schedules, but there can be no assurance that we can maintain existing service or implement new service in a cost-effective manner in the future. Geopolitical conflict, terrorist attacks or security events may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a global business with operations outside of the United States from which we derive significant operating revenues, volatile conditions in certain domestic and international regions may have a negative impact on our operating results and our ability to achieve our business objectives. The Company's international operations are a vital part of its worldwide airline network. Political disruptions and instability in certain regions have negatively impacted the demand and network availability for air travel, as well as fuel prices, and may continue to have a negative impact on these and other items. For example, the suspension of the Company's overflying in Russian airspace as a result of the Russia-Ukraine military conflict and interruptions of our flying as a result of military conflicts across the globe have significantly impacted our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, terrorist attacks or international hostilities, even if not made on or targeted directly at the airline industry, or the fear of or the precautions taken in anticipation of such attacks (including elevated national threat warnings, travel restrictions, selective cancellation or redirection of flights and new security regulations) could materially and adversely affect the Company and the airline industry. The Company's financial resources and insurance coverage may not be sufficient to absorb the adverse effects of any future terrorist attacks, international hostilities or other security events, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company's financial condition, liquidity and operating results. In addition, due to threats against the aviation industry, the Company has incurred, and may continue to incur, significant expenditures to comply with security-related requirements to mitigate threats and protect the safety of our employees and customers. Managing our reputation and brand image is critical to our business success and if our reputation or brand image is damaged, it could adversely affect our business or financial results. We operate in a public-facing industry and our brand is recognized throughout most of the world. Maintaining, enhancing and leveraging the value of our reputation and brand image is critical to the future success of our business. The Company's reputation or brand image could be diminished or eroded by a variety of factors, including any actual or perceived failure to maintain satisfactory practices for all of our operations and activities or to reassure the traveling public of the safety of air travel at any of our major hub locations; any failure or perceived failure to achieve and/or make progress toward any publicly-announced safety, community impact, environmental sustainability, human capital management, people impact, responsible sourcing, cybersecurity or governance ("Corporate Citizenship") goals, which are aspirational in nature, subject to risks and uncertainties that are outside of our control and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them–within the anticipated timelines disclosed or at all; our stakeholders—including proxy advisory services—not being satisfied with our Corporate Citizenship goals or strategy, our efforts to meet such goals or our actual or perceived position or lack of position on political, public policy or other sensitive issues; public pressure, which can be varied and conflicting, from investors or policy groups to change our Corporate Citizenship goals, policies and strategies or our position on political, public policy or other sensitive issues; customer perceptions of our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements or marketing programs, including greenwashing concerns regarding our advertising campaigns and marketing programs related to our sustainability initiatives; deficiencies in the quantitative data that we disclose in relation to our Corporate Citizenship goals; customer perceptions of statements made by us, our employees, executives or agents or others; our inability to respond in a timely and appropriate manner to address negative, inaccurate or malicious publicity (such as posts, articles or comments on social media, on the internet or in the press, which can be disseminated quickly and broadly without context), including, but not limited to, as a result of external developments or actual or perceived misconduct by our employees, partners or customers; or other matters discussed elsewhere in this risk factors section. Damage to our reputation or brand image or loss of customer confidence in our 22 Table of Contents services has in the past adversely affected—and could in the future adversely affect—our business and financial results, as well as has in the past required—and could in the future require—additional resources to rebuild our reputation that may not be successful. Regulators, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are focusing more on Corporate Citizenship impacts of operations, diligence processes and related disclosures, which are subject to legislation, regulations, standards and accords for identifying, collecting, measuring and reporting that are developing and sometimes ambiguous, inconsistent or conflicting, could change over time and could result in significant revisions of our goals. This scrutiny and the associated legislation, regulations, standards and accords also involve internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and are not uniform; depend in part on third-party performance or data that is outside the Company's control; expose us to litigation and regulatory enforcement risks; and have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such expectations, legislation, regulations, standards and accords. Our reputation and brand image may be impacted by our ability to comply with applicable Corporate Citizenship-related federal, state and international binding or non-binding legislation, regulation, standards and accords as well as by the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of our disclosures relating to our Corporate Citizenship goals and initiatives and progress towards those goals. Disruptions to our regional network and United Express flights provided by third-party regional carriers could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. While the Company has contractual relationships that are material to its business with various regional carriers to provide regional aircraft service branded as United Express that include contractually agreed performance metrics, each regional carrier is a separately certificated commercial air carrier, and the Company does not control the operations of these carriers. A number of factors may impact the Company's regional network, including weather-related effects, seasonality, equipment, software, or other system failures or disruptions and cybersecurity attacks and any significant declines in demand for air travel services. Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Risks The Company relies heavily on technology and automated systems to operate its business and any significant failure or disruption of, or failure to effectively integrate and implement, these technologies or systems could materially harm its business or business strategy. The Company depends on technology and automated systems, including artificial intelligence ("AI"), to operate its business, including, but not limited to, computerized airline reservation systems, electronic tickets, electronic airport kiosks, demand prediction software, flight operations systems, in-flight wireless internet, cloud-based technologies, technical and business operations systems and commercial
