=== ADTTF_2015-06-25.htm.gz ===
20-F 1 d838580d20f.htm ANNUAL REPORT ANNUAL REPORT Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 25, 2015 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 20-F REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 OR ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2015 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of event requiring this shell company report . For the transition period from to Commission file number: 1-15236 KABUSHIKI KAISHA ADVANTEST (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) ADVANTEST CORPORATION (Translation of registrant s name into English) Japan (Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) Shin-Marunouchi Center Building 1-6-2, Marunouchi Chiyoda-ku Tokyo 100-0005 Japan (Address of principal executive offices) Hiroshi Nakamura, (81-3) 3214-7500, (81-3) 3214-7711, Shin-Marunouchi Center Building 1-6-2, Marunouchi Chiyoda-ku Tokyo 100-0005 Japan (Name, telephone, facsimile number and address of company contact person) Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class: Name of each exchange on which registered: American Depositary Shares* The New York Stock Exchange Common Stock** * American Depositary Receipts evidence American Depositary Shares, each American Depositary Share representing one share of the registrant s Common Stock. ** No par value. Not for trading, but only in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares, pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act: None Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report: Title of class: Outstanding as of March 31, 2015: Common Stock 174,546,476 American Depositary Shares each representing one share of Common Stock 1,132,523 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).: Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated filer and large accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing: U.S. GAAP International Financial Reporting Standards as issued Other By the International Accounting Standards Board If Other has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow. Item 17 Item 18 If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS 1 ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE 1 ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION 1 3.A. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 1 3.B. CAPITALIZATION AND INDEBTEDNESS 3 3.C. REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS 4 3.D. RISK FACTORS 4 ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY 14 4.A. HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY 14 4.B. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 15 4.C. ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 37 4.D. PROPERTY, PLANTS AND EQUIPMENT 37 ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 38 ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS 38 5.A. OPERATING RESULTS 38 5.B. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 52 5.C. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT, PATENTS AND LICENSES 53 5.D. TREND INFORMATION 55 5.E. OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 55 5.F. TABULAR DISCLOSURE OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 55 5.G. SAFE HARBOR 55 ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 56 6.A. DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 56 6.B. COMPENSATION 59 6.C. BOARD PRACTICES 59 6.D. EMPLOYEES 61 6.E. SHARE OWNERSHIP 61 ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 64 7.A. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 64 7.B. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 66 7.C. INTERESTS OF EXPERTS AND COUNSEL 66 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 66 8.A. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION 66 8.B. SIGNIFICANT CHANGES 66 ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING 67 9.A. OFFER AND LISTING DETAILS 67 9.B. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 67 9.C. MARKETS 67 9.D. SELLING SHAREHOLDERS 67 9.E. DILUTION 67 9.F. EXPENSES OF THE ISSUE 68 i Table of Contents Page ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 68 10.A. SHARE CAPITAL 68 10.B. MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 68 10.C. MATERIAL CONTRACTS 76 10.D. EXCHANGE CONTROLS 76 10.E. TAXATION 77 10.F. DIVIDENDS AND PAYING AGENTS 82 10.G. STATEMENT BY EXPERTS 83 10.H. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 83 10.I. SUBSIDIARY INFORMATION 83 ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 83 ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES 84 12.A. DEBT SECURITIES 84 12.B. WARRANTS AND RIGHTS 84 12.C. OTHER SECURITIES 84 12.D. AMERICAN DEPOSITARY SHARES 85 PART II ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES 87 ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS 87 ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 87 ITEM 16. [RESERVED] 88 ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT 88 ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS 88 ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 88 ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES 89 ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS 89 ITEM 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT 90 ITEM 16G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 90 ITEM 16H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 92 PART III ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 93 ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 93 ITEM 19. EXHIBITS 94 ii Table of Contents As used in this annual report, the term fiscal preceding a year means the twelve-month period ended March 31 of the year subsequent to the year referred to. For example, fiscal 2014 refers to the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2015. All other references to years refer to the applicable calendar year. In parts of this annual report, certain amounts reported in Japanese yen ( ) have been translated into U.S. dollars ($) for the convenience of readers. Unless otherwise noted, the rate used for this translation was $1.00 = 120.17. This was the approximate exchange rate in Japan on March 31, 2015. Unless otherwise noted, all references and discussions of the financial position of Advantest Corporation (the Company ) and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, Advantest ), results of operations and cash flows in this annual report are made with reference to Advantest s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. The segment sales figures included in this annual report are presented before eliminating intercompany transactions. See Information on the Company Business Overview Glossary for a description of certain technical terms used in this annual report. Cautionary Statement with Respect to Forward-Looking Statements This annual report contains forward-looking statements that are based on Advantest s current expectations, estimates and projections. These statements include, among other things, the discussion of Advantest s business strategy, outlook and expectations as to market and business developments, production and capacity plans. Generally, these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend, project, should and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause Advantest s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including: changes in demand for the products and services produced and offered by Advantest s customers, including semiconductors, communications services and electronic goods; circumstances relating to Advantest s investment in technology, including its ability to timely develop products that meet the changing needs of semiconductor manufacturers and communications network equipment and components makers and service providers; the environment in which Advantest purchases materials, components and supplies for the production of its products, including the availability of necessary materials, components and supplies during a significant expansion in the market in which Advantest operates; and changes in economic conditions, competitive environment, currency exchange rates or political stability in the major markets where Advantest produces, distributes or sells its products. These risks, uncertainties and other factors also include those identified in Operating and Financial Review and Prospects, Key Information Risk Factors and Information on the Company set forth elsewhere in this annual report. iii Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS Not applicable. ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE Not applicable. ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION 3.A. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA You should read the U.S. GAAP selected consolidated financial information presented below together with Operating and Financial Review and Prospects and Advantest s consolidated financial statements together with the notes included in this annual report. U.S. GAAP Selected Consolidated Financial Data The following selected financial data have been derived from Advantest s audited consolidated financial statements. These consolidated financial statements were prepared under U.S. GAAP. Advantest s U.S. GAAP audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2012, fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2014 were included in its Japanese Securities Reports filed with the Director General of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau. Year ended March 31, 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2015 (in millions, except per share and share data) (in thousands, except per share and share data) Consolidated Statement of Income Data: Net sales 99,634 141,048 132,903 111,878 163,329 $1,359,150 Operating income (loss) 6,111 837 80 (36,369 ) 14,619 121,653 Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings (loss) of affiliated company 5,551 (3,442 ) (1,293 ) (35,501 ) 18,859 156,936 Net income (loss) 3,163 (2,195 ) (3,821 ) (35,540 ) 12,948 107,747 Net income (loss) per share Basic 18.03 (12.67 ) (22.03 ) (204.10 ) 74.31 0.62 Diluted 18.03 (12.67 ) (22.03 ) (204.10 ) 67.16 0.56 Basic weighted average shares outstanding 175,481,854 173,271,717 173,478,054 174,134,457 174,244,799 174,244,799 Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 175,495,458 173,271,717 173,478,054 174,134,457 192,535,120 192,535,120 1 Table of Contents As of March 31, 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2015 (in millions) (in thousands) Consolidated Balance Sheet Data: Total assets 180,312 219,226 225,515 229,856 273,041 $ 2,272,123 Short term debt 25,000 Corporate bonds current portion 10,000 83,215 Corporate bonds 25,000 25,000 15,000 124,823 Convertible bonds 30,149 30,119 250,637 Common stock 32,363 32,363 32,363 32,363 32,363 269,310 Stockholders equity 138,132 131,552 141,241 116,252 140,938 1,172,822 As of March 31, 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2015 (in millions, except per share data) (in thousands) Other Data: Capital expenditures 3,793 6,984 12,592 5,626 4,246 $ 35,333 Research and development expenses 21,197 30,303 33,062 32,670 29,876 248,614 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (693 ) 12,302 (2,215 ) (3,776 ) 24,481 203,720 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (5,828 ) (37,670 ) (11,498 ) (4,711 ) (1,310 ) (10,901 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (12,028 ) 9,887 (2,914 ) 27,202 (1,298 ) (10,801 ) Operating margin (1) 6.1 % 0.6 % 0.1 % (32.5 %) 9.0 % Net income margin (2) 3.2 % (1.6 %) (2.9 %) (31.8 %) 7.9 % (1) Operating income (loss) as a percentage of net sales. (2) Net income (loss) as a percentage of net sales. Dividends The Company normally pays cash dividends semiannually, at mid-year and at year-end. Pursuant to its articles of incorporation, the Company can make dividend payments pursuant to a resolution of its Board of Directors, but the articles do not preclude the Company from making dividend payments pursuant to a shareholders resolution. The year-end dividend is paid to shareholders of record as of March 31 pursuant to the resolution of either the Board of Directors or the ordinary general shareholders meeting held usually in June every year. The interim dividend is paid to shareholders of record as of September 30, pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors, usually in December. 2 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the dividends paid by the Company for each of the periods shown, which are the six months ended on that date. The U.S. dollar equivalent for the dividends shown is based on the exchange rate in Japan on each record date shown. Dividend per Share Six months ended/Record date Yen Dollars September 30, 2010 5.0 0.06 March 31, 2011 5.0 0.06 September 30, 2011 5.0 0.07 March 31, 2012 10.0 0.12 September 30, 2012 10.0 0.13 March 31, 2013 10.0 0.11 September 30, 2013 10.0 0.10 March 31, 2014 5.0 0.05 September 30, 2014 5.0 0.05 March 31, 2015 10.0 0.08 The payment and the amount of any future dividends are subject to the level of Advantest s future earnings, its financial condition, the need for strategic investments for mid-to-long-term business development and other factors, including statutory restrictions on the payment of dividends. Exchange Rates In parts of this annual report, certain Japanese yen amounts have been translated into U.S. dollars for the convenience of investors. Unless otherwise noted, the rate used for the translation was $1.00 = 120.17. This was the approximate exchange rate in Japan on March 31, 2015. The following table sets forth, for the periods and dates indicated, information concerning the noon buying rate for Japanese yen announced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, expressed in Japanese yen per $1.00. The noon buying rate as of June 12, 2015 was $1.00 = 123.23. The Company does not intend to imply that the Japanese yen or U.S. dollar amounts referred to in this annual report could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars or Japanese yen, as the case may be, at any particular rate, or at all. Fiscal year ended March 31, At end of period Average (of month-end rates) High Low ( per $1.00) 2011 82.76 85.00 94.68 78.74 2012 82.41 78.86 85.26 75.72 2013 94.16 83.26 96.16 77.41 2014 102.98 100.46 105.25 92.96 2015 119.96 110.78 121.50 101.26 Month ended High Low ( per $1.00) December 31, 2014 121.38 117.28 January 31, 2015 120.20 116.78 February 28, 2015 120.38 117.33 March 31, 2015 121.50 119.01 April 30, 2015 120.36 118.80 May 31, 2015 124.18 119.09 3.B. CAPITALIZATION AND INDEBTEDNESS Not applicable. 3 Table of Contents 3.C. REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS Not applicable. 3.D. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Advantest s Business Advantest s business and results of operations are subject to significant demand volatility in the semiconductor industry Advantest s business depends largely upon the capital expenditures of semiconductor industrial, design and manufacturing companies, fabless semiconductor companies, foundries and test houses. These companies, in turn, determine their capital expenditure and investment levels largely based on current and anticipated market demand for semiconductors and products incorporating semiconductors. Such demand is influenced significantly by the overall condition of the global economy. Historically, the percentage reduction in capital expenditures by semiconductor manufacturers during downturns in the semiconductor industry, including investment in semiconductor test systems, has typically been much greater than the percentage reduction in worldwide sales of semiconductors. The semiconductor industry has been highly cyclical with recurring periods of excess inventory, which often have had a severe effect on the semiconductor industry s demand for semiconductor test systems, including those of Advantest. In particular, the market for memory semiconductors shows higher demand volatility as compared to the market for non-memory semiconductors. In fiscal 2014, the portion of net sales derived from test systems for memory semiconductors in the Semiconductor and Component Test Systems segment decreased by 11.8 percentage points to 20.3% from 32.1% in fiscal 2013, but Advantest continues to derive significant sales from test systems for memory semiconductors. Therefore, any downturn in the memory semiconductor market may continue to adversely affect Advantest s business and results of operations. The worldwide semiconductor market significantly recovered in 2010, growing by 31.8% compared to a contraction in 2009, primarily due to a surge in demand for electronic equipment in developing nations. In 2011, due to the global economic recession and natural disasters such as the Great East Japan Earthquake and the floods in Thailand reducing production activities of electronic products, the semiconductor market only increased by 0.4% compared to 2010. In 2012, the semiconductor market decreased by 2.7% compared to 2011, due to factors such as the prolonged stagnation in the European economy caused by the debt crisis in the Southern European countries and the slowdown in the Chinese economy, which had been supporting the global economy. In 2013, the semiconductor market increased by 4.8% compared to 2012, due to an overall steady demand for semiconductors, despite some variations among products. In 2014, the semiconductor market continued to increase by 9.9% compared to 2013, the highest growth rate since 2011, despite some variations among products. Worldwide sales of non-memory semiconductors in 2010 increased by 26.0% compared to 2009, primarily due to robust demand for smartphones, tablet-type devices, and other consumer electronics. In 2011, worldwide sales of non-memory semiconductors further increased by 4.4% compared to 2010, due to continuing robust demand for smartphones, tablet-type devices, and similar devices. In 2012, although sales of communications semiconductors and LCD drivers semiconductors, among others, remained strong due to continued robust demand in the mobile devices market, worldwide sales of non-memory semiconductors decreased by 1.8% compared to 2011 due to the downturn in sales of other electronic devices. In 2013, worldwide sales of non-memory semiconductors increased by 1.7% compared to 2012 due to a steady demand for tablet-type devices and smartphones. In 2014, worldwide sales of non-memory semiconductors continued to increase by 7.6% compared to 2013 due to a further global adoption of smartphones and improvements in handset performance. In 2010, worldwide sales of memory semiconductors increased by 55.4% compared to 2009 primarily due to a steady demand for mobile DRAM test systems for mobile devices. In 2011, worldwide sales decreased by 12.7% compared to 2010 due to a drop in the price of DRAM triggered by a downturn in demand for PCs and similar devices. In 2012, sales continued to decrease by 6.2% compared to 2011 due to the ongoing weakness in demand for PCs and similar devices. In 2013, sales increased by 17.6% compared to 2012 due to, among other factors, an increased demand for DRAM and LPDDR for products such as low end smartphones. In 2014, sales continued to increase by 18.2% compared to 2013 due to a strong demand of semiconductor for PCs, among other factors. 4 Table of Contents The significant volatility in demand for semiconductors is affected by various factors such as: the overall state of the global economy; levels of investment in communications infrastructure and trends of demand in communication devices such as smartphones and wearable devices; demand in personal computer and data server industries; consumer demand for digital consumer products such as flat-panel TVs, DVD/Blu-ray disc recorders, portable audio players and electronic books; demand in the automobile industry; and trends in the semiconductor industry. In fiscal 2010, despite a difficult business environment with factors such as continuing appreciation of the Japanese yen and intensified price competition, Advantest seized the positive growth opportunity in the semiconductor market and strived to expand orders and revenues. As a result, Advantest s net sales in fiscal 2010 increased by 87.2% as compared to fiscal 2009, to 99,634 million, and Advantest recorded a net income of 3,163 million in fiscal 2010. In fiscal 2011, Advantest expanded sales to meet areas of increasing demand growth such as test equipment for application processors, CMOS image sensors, and other non-memory semiconductor sectors. In addition, after the completion of the acquisition of Verigy Ltd. ( Verigy ) in July 2011, Advantest has enhanced sales promotion to customers in the U.S. and Europe and has provided products tailored to better meet increasing customer demand in the communications semiconductor market. As a result, Advantest s net sales in fiscal 2011 increased by 41.6%, as compared to fiscal 2010, to 141,048 million. However, cumulative costs associated with the Verigy acquisition and impairment losses on investment securities led to a year-on-year decline in earnings, and Advantest recorded a net loss in fiscal 2011 of 2,195 million. In this environment, Advantest actively marketed semiconductor testing equipment for mobile communications-related semiconductor applications the largest segment for testing equipment and as a result, the company successfully gained market share. However, the gain in market share could not fully offset the decrease in demand for semiconductor testing equipment resulting from capital expenditure constraints of semiconductor manufacturers experiencing a slowdown in the semiconductor market. As a result, Advantest s net sales in fiscal 2012 decreased by 5.8%, as compared to fiscal 2011, to 132,903 million. The product mix in sales also worsened, leading to a net loss in fiscal 2012 of 3,821 million. In Advantest s core line of semiconductor test equipment, difficult business climate prevailed as a result of significant constraints in capital investments by some of Advantest s major customers since the previous summer for non-memory test systems. As a result, Advantest s net sales in fiscal 2013 decreased by 15.8%, as compared to fiscal 2012, to 111,878 million. From a profit and loss perspective, in addition to the decline in net sales, an increase in costs denominated in foreign currency due to the continuing depreciation of the yen, and recognizing inventory valuation losses and impairment losses for long-lived assets due to changes in the business environment, resulted in a net loss of 35,540 million. Advantest strove to maximize profitability by engaging in sales promotions for non-memory test systems for which demand growth has been particularly strong and by expanding its customer base across all business segments. As a result, Advantest s net sales in fiscal 2014 increased by 46.0%, as compared to fiscal 2013, to 163,329 million. Advantest returned to profitability, with net income of 12,948 million, mainly due to higher year-over-year net sales, an improved mix of high-profitability products and successful cost-cutting measures undertaken across the entire Advantest Group. Advantest believes that its results are significantly affected by the significant volatility in demand in the semiconductor industry. While Advantest is unable to predict future trends in the semiconductor industry, if there is a significant downturn in the semiconductor industry, Advantest s financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. With respect to semiconductor prices in recent years, even though prices for certain products such as DRAM appear to have bottomed out, if the prices decline as a result of over-supply of semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturers earnings could deteriorate, resulting in their restraint towards capital expenditures, and Advantest s results of operations could be adversely affected. 5 Table of Contents If Advantest does not introduce new products meeting its customers technical requirements in a timely manner and at competitive prices, its products may become obsolete and its financial condition and results of operations may suffer Advantest sells its products to several industries that are characterized by rapid technological changes, frequent introduction of new products and services, varying and unpredictable product lifecycles and evolving industry standards. Advantest anticipates that future demand for its products will be driven, in large part, by technological innovation in semiconductor technology, which creates new testing requirements that are not adequately addressed by currently-installed semiconductor test systems. Customer needs in response to these technological innovations, and their need for greater cost-effectiveness and efficiency to respond to the market environment, include: test solutions of non-memory semiconductors that incorporate more advanced memory semiconductors, logic and analog circuits; test solutions of power semiconductors that control small and large motor drives; solutions for complexed IC incorporating RF, logic and memory chips in a single package in order to achieve IC with advanced 3D integration as well as downsizing and technical advantages, through TSV technology; mechatronics-related products which transport devices faster, more accurately and more stably; test solutions of testing technologies that employ self-test circuit designs incorporated into semiconductor chips; test solutions of testing technologies that employ test circuit designs for Device Under Test (DUT); introduction of mechatronics products that respond to reduced testing time resulting from advances in customers back-end testing; prompt response and quick repair in the event of failure; total solutions that allow customers to reduce their testing costs; and solutions for measurement and observation of state-of-the-art photomasks. Advantest also believes demand for its products, including semiconductor and component test systems, is affected by the level of demand for personal computers, high-speed wireless and wireline data services, digital consumer products and communication devices, such as smartphones and wearable devices, and data servers. It is likely that advances in technologies used in those products and services will require new testing systems. Without the timely introduction of semiconductor test systems capable of effectively testing and measuring equipment that use these new technologies, Advantest s products and services may become technologically obsolete over time. A failure by Advantest to meet its customers technical requirements at competitive prices or to deliver conforming equipment in a timely manner may result in its products being replaced by those of a competitor or an alternative technology solution. Furthermore, Advantest s inability to secure sufficient personnel appropriate for the business during a period of recovery or its inability to provide a product that meets requested performance criteria at an acceptable price when required by its customers would severely damage its reputation with such customers and may adversely affect future sales efforts with respect to such customers. Advantest s dependence on certain subcontractors and its dependence on a sole source or a limited number of suppliers for its components and parts may prevent it from delivering its products on a timely basis or its failure to meet the demand for its products upon a sudden expansion of the markets may adversely affect its future market share and financial results Advantest relies on subcontractors to perform some of the assembly requirements for its products. In addition, many of the components used in Advantest s semiconductor and component test systems and 6 Table of Contents mechatronics systems are produced by suppliers based on Advantest s specifications. Advantest s reliance on these subcontractors and suppliers gives it less control over the manufacturing process and exposes it to significant risks, especially inadequate manufacturing capacity, late delivery, substandard quality, lack of labor availability and high costs. In addition, Advantest depends on a sole source or a limited number of suppliers for a portion of its components and parts. Advantest does not maintain long-term supply agreements with most of its suppliers, and it purchases most of its components and parts through individual purchase orders. If a supplier becomes unable to provide components or parts in the volumes needed and at acceptable prices, or if a supplier withdraws from business thereby stopping production or sales of custom or general components and parts that Advantest uses or will use in the future, or a large scale natural disaster or electricity shortage occurs, Advantest would have to identify and procure acceptable replacements. Advantest may lose its capacity to supply test systems if it becomes unable to procure acceptable replacements. Suppliers have typically adjusted their production capacity through the reduction of production lines and personnel. Therefore, if the market for semiconductor and component test systems and mechatronics systems were to suddenly expand, Advantest would require significant increases in production capabilities including personnel, as well as materials, components and supplies from suppliers, in order to fully capitalize on such expansion. Furthermore, the markets for semiconductors and other specialized components have, in the past, experienced periods of inadequate supply to meet demand. Moreover, there may be a shortage of components if a large scale natural disaster or electricity shortage occurs. The process of selecting subcontractors or suppliers and of identifying suitable replacement components and parts is lengthy and may result in Advantest being unable to deliver products meeting customer requirements in a timely manner. Advantest has, in the past, been unable to deliver its products according to production schedules primarily due to the inability of suppliers to supply components and parts based on Advantest s specifications and by other shortages in components and parts. Moreover, a deterioration in the financial position of Advantest s subcontractors or suppliers reflecting the decline in the economic environment or the failure of Advantest to adjust to large increases in demand for its products during the period of recovery in demand could result in Advantest losing one or more of its existing large-volume customers or losing the opportunity to establish a strong relationship with potential large-volume customers with which it currently does little or no business. Such failure may adversely affect Advantest s future market share and its financial results. Advantest faces substantial competition in its businesses and, if Advantest does not maintain or expand its market share, its business may be harmed Advantest faces substantial competition throughout the world. Advantest s primary competitors in the semiconductor and component test system market include, among others, Teradyne, Inc., Xcerra Corporation, UniTest Inc. and EXICON Ltd. In the mechatronics system related market, Advantest also competes with Delta Design, Inc., TechWing, Inc., Seiko Epson Corporation and Mirae Corporation in test handler devices, and with TSE Co., Ltd., Semes Co., Ltd. and SL-link Co., Ltd. in device interfaces. Some of Advantest s competitors have greater financial and other resources than Advantest. Advantest faces many challenges in its businesses, including increased pressure from customers to produce semiconductor and component test systems and mechatronics systems that reduce testing costs or from customers who have developed internal test solutions. For device interfaces, acquisition of vendors that supply core technical components by Advantest s competitors, or leakage of the manufacturing technology of printed circuit boards, may result in reduced testing costs by customers or difficulty by Advantest to realize its products full performance. To compete effectively and maintain and expand its market share, Advantest must continue to enhance its business processes to lower the cost of its products, or introduce enhancements that lower overall testing costs. Advantest also expects its competitors to continue to introduce new products with improvements in price and performance, as well as increasing their customer service and support offerings, and Advantest expects new market participants to launch low-price testers. Significant increases in competition may erode Advantest s profit margin and weaken its earnings. 7 Table of Contents Advantest may not be able to meet the targets set in its strategies and medium-term business plan The attainment of goals such as those in medium-term business plans is subject to various internal and external factors, including the general economic and market conditions in which Advantest and its customers operate, the level of competition, the level of corporate capital expenditure, the level of demand for Advantest s products and fluctuations in exchange rates. As a result, any strategies and medium-term business goals and targets (as amended from time to time) should not be treated as forecasts of future results. There can be no assurance that Advantest s strategies to accomplish medium-term business plans and implementation of such strategies will be successful, that the implementation of its strategies will have the intended effects, that the medium-term business plan or other targets (whether quantitative or qualitative, and as amended from time to time) will be met, or that such goals, targets and aims will not be changed in the future by Advantest s management. Advantest s largest customers currently account for a significant part of its net sales and, in addition to the risk of Advantest s business being harmed by the loss of one or more of these customers or changes in their capital expenditures, Advantest may not be able to recover its accounts receivables if its largest customers experience a deterioration in their financial position Advantest s success depends on its continued ability to develop and manage relationships with its major customers. A small number of such major customers currently account for a significant portion of its net sales. Sales to Advantest s largest customer as a percentage of its total sales were approximately 14% in fiscal 2012 and approximately 15% in fiscal 2013 and 2014. Sales to Advantest s five largest customers accounted for approximately 37% in fiscal 2012, approximately 36% in fiscal 2013 and approximately 41% in fiscal 2014. The loss of one or more of these major customers, changes in their capital expenditures or failure of their main products could materially harm Advantest s business. Furthermore, if Advantest s major customers experience deterioration in their financial position and are unable to fulfill their payment obligations to Advantest in accordance with the applicable terms, Advantest s business, results of operations and financial position may be adversely affected. Advantest s product lines are facing significant price pressure Price pressure on Advantest s businesses is adversely affecting Advantest s operating margins. Irrespective of the trend in the demand for semiconductors, there is ongoing price pressure on semiconductors, which puts continuous pressure on the market price for products in the Semiconductor and Component Test System Segment and Mechatronics System Segment. During periods when there is rapid decrease in semiconductor prices, semiconductor manufacturers and test houses, which are Advantest s customers, seek to increase their production capacities while minimizing their capital expenditures. In addition, increased competition in the market for digital consumer products, personal computers, mobile devices such as smartphones and wearable devices, and data servers have driven down prices of these goods, subsequently creating significant price pressure on Advantest s product lines. If prices of semiconductors continue to decline, customers may postpone capital expenditures on new equipment by remodeling or adapting the usage of existing equipment. If price pressure further increases in the future, Advantest s financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Fluctuations in exchange rates could reduce Advantest s profitability The majority of Advantest s net sales are derived from products sold to customers located outside of Japan. Of Advantest s fiscal 2014 net sales, 92.0% were from products sold to overseas customers. Approximately 69% of Advantest s net sales in fiscal 2014 were derived from currencies other than the Japanese yen, predominantly the U.S. dollar. If the Japanese yen becomes strong relative to foreign currencies (mostly the U.S. dollar and, to a much lesser extent, other currencies), it would increase the prices of Advantest products as stated in U.S. dollars and in those other currencies, which could hurt sales in those countries. 8 Table of Contents With respect to the Euro, if the Japanese yen weakens, there may be a negative impact on Advantest s profitability since there are currently more costs incurred in Euro than net sales derived in Euro. In addition, significant fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Japanese yen and foreign currencies, especially the U.S. dollar, could require Advantest to lower its prices with respect to foreign sales of its products that are priced in Japanese yen, and reduce the Japanese yen equivalent amounts of its foreign sales for products that are based in U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies, thereby reducing its profitability overall. These fluctuations could also cause prospective customers to push out or delay orders because of the increased relative cost of Advantest s products. In the past, there have been significant fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Japanese yen and the foreign currencies in which Advantest s sales are denominated. Furthermore, Advantest s consolidated financial statements for a particular period or for a particular date will be affected by changes in the prevailing exchange rates of the currencies in which subsidiaries of Advantest prepare their financial statements against the Japanese yen. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations may have an effect on those amounts not denominated in yen which are translated into yen for Advantest s consolidated financial statements, and depending on the direction of the foreign exchange fluctuation, it may have an adverse effect on Advantest s reported financial position, results of operations and net assets. Advantest may not recoup costs incurred in the development of new products Enhancements to existing products and the development of new generations of products are, in most cases, costly processes. Furthermore, because the decision to purchase semiconductor and component test systems products and mechatronics systems generally involves a significant commitment of capital, the sale of this equipment typically involves a lengthy sales period and requires Advantest to expend substantial funds and sales efforts to secure the sale. Advantest s enhancements or new generations of products may not generate net sales in excess of development and sales costs if, for example, these new enhancements or products are quickly rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, the introduction by Advantest s competitors of products embodying new technologies or features, the introduction by Advantest s customers of new products that require different testing functions or the failure of the market for Advantest s customer s products to grow at the rate, or to the levels, anticipated by Advantest. This risk is believed to be particularly acute with respect to test systems for non-memory semiconductors because, in general, new non-memory semiconductor product lines are introduced to market more frequently than new memory semiconductor product lines. In some cases, Advantest must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of its customers products. This requires Advantest to make significant investments in product development well before it determines the commercial viability of these innovations. If Advantest s customers fail to introduce their devices in a timely manner or the market rejects their devices, Advantest may not recover its investments in product development through sales in significant volume. The market for Advantest s major products is highly concentrated, and Advantest may not be able to increase sales of its products because of limited opportunities The market for test systems for memory semiconductors in the Semiconductor and Component Test System Segment is highly concentrated, with a small number of large semiconductor manufacturers, foundries and test houses accounting for a large portion of total sales in the semiconductor and component test system industry. Advantest believes that this market concentration could become even more severe in the future as larger semiconductor device manufacturers, foundries and test houses acquire smaller semiconductor market participants, and as corporate restructuring, such as elimination and consolidation of businesses, progresses. Advantest s ability to increase sales will depend in large part upon its ability to obtain or increase orders from large-volume customers. Furthermore, in the event there is an over-supply of semiconductor and component test system products on the second-hand market reflecting, among others, restructuring within the industry, or delay to meet the specific needs of Advantest s customers, Advantest faces an additional risk of losing its sales opportunities. 9 Table of Contents Advantest recorded a significant amount of goodwill and other long-lived assets which may become impaired in the future Advantest may be required to record an impairment charge for the difference between the carrying amount of long-lived assets and the implied fair value of long-lived assets if circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred and the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. In fiscal 2013, Advantest took into account its changing business environment and reconsidered its future expected cash flows. As a result, it recognized impairment losses relating to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets in the amount of 13,495 million. Advantest has recorded a significant amount of goodwill on its consolidated balance sheet in accordance with U.S. GAAP and goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually. If the testing performed indicates that the carrying amount of reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, Advantest recalculates the fair value of each reporting unit goodwill and an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Therefore, depending on the expected future cash flow of long-lived assets or business operations to which goodwill relates, Advantest may be required to record a significant impairment charge, which could have a material adverse effect on Advantest s financial condition and results of operations. If Advantest s main facilities for research and development, production or information technology systems for its businesses, or the facilities of its subcontractors and suppliers, were to experience catastrophic loss, its results of operations would be seriously harmed Advantest s main facilities for research and development for its Semiconductor and Component Test Systems and Mechatronics System Segments production, as well as Advantest s service bases, are located in Gunma Prefecture, Saitama Prefecture and Miyagi Prefecture in Japan. In addition, the main system server and the network hub are maintained in system centers approved by the Information System Management System, or ISMS, and local network servers are located in certain operations offices in Japan. Japan is a region that is susceptible to frequent earthquakes. If Advantest s facilities, particularly its semiconductor and component test system manufacturing factories, were to experience a catastrophic loss from, but not limited to, earthquakes, it would materially disrupt Advantest s operations, delay production, shipments and revenue, and result in large expenses to repair or replace the facilities. Advantest has insurance to cover most potential losses at its manufacturing facilities, other than those that result from earthquakes. However, this insurance may not be adequate to cover all possible losses. Similar disruptions to Advantest s business may occur if the facilities of Advantest s subcontractors and suppliers or if the facilities of Advantest s information system network were to experience a catastrophic loss. Advantest has prepared itself for crises such as large-scale natural disasters, and each department of Advantest has documented its own disaster-response procedures and manuals. Furthermore, in order to prevent any disruption of its core businesses, or in case of suspension, to re-start the suspended businesses, including the recovery of important facilities, in the shortest possible time, Advantest formulated and implemented a Business Continuity Plan. However, if such Business Continuity Plan is not effective, Advantest s core businesses could be disrupted at a time of crisis, such as large-scale natural disasters, and could take a substantial amount of time to recover. Advantest s business is subject to economic, political and other risks associated with international operations and sales Advantest s business is subject to risks associated with conducting business internationally because it manufactures and sells its products, and purchases parts and components from, around the world. In fiscal 2014, 69.4% of Advantest s total net sales came from Asia (excluding Japan), a majority of which consisted of sales in Taiwan, the People s Republic of China ( China ) and Korea, 17.0% from the Americas and 5.6% from Europe. Advantest anticipates that net sales from international operations will continue to represent a substantial portion of its total net 10 Table of Contents sales. In addition, some of Advantest s distribution and support subsidiaries are located in the Americas, Europe, and Asian countries, including Taiwan, Singapore, Korea and China, and some of Advantest s suppliers and factories are also located overseas, such as Korea and Malaysia. Accordingly, Advantest s future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including: political and economic instability, including economic and political disruptions, disputes, natural calamities, epidemics or other risks related to countries where Advantest procures its components and parts or manufactures and sells its products; trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws; risks with respect to international taxation, including transfer pricing regulations; difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; differing protection of intellectual property; difficulties in collecting accounts receivable because of distance and different legal rules; risks with respect to social and political crises and issues resulting from, among others, terrorism, war and deterioration in the political and/or economic relationships between Japan and other countries; risks with respect to decline in the quality of procurement and manufacturing where Advantest s suppliers or manufacturing facilities are located in countries that do not have developed infrastructures in mechanical processing and assembly; and risks with respect to increases in cost, delays in delivery or expenses in repairing products where low quality and counterfeit products are mixed into the supply chain. Advantest may not be able to recover its capital expenditures Advantest continues to make capital expenditures. From fiscal 2012 through fiscal 2013, Advantest built a new factory in South Korea in order to increase its share of sales to major Korean customers. The factory began operating in May 2013. Advantest may not be able to recover the capital expenditures for such projects within the assumed timeframe, or at all, if it cannot achieve the assumed volume of sales due to customers cutting back on capital expenditures or if intense competition with competitors results in a reduction in unit prices. In such event, the asset would be subject to impairment, which may have an adverse impact on Advantest s profitability. Advantest s business may be negatively affected by factors relating to its marketing and sales capabilities and its branding Advantest s business may be negatively affected by factors relating to its marketing and sales capabilities and its branding, including: the long selling process involved in the sale of semiconductor and component test systems and mechatronics system; the relatively small number of total units sold in the semiconductor and component test system and mechatronics system market; order cancellations or postponement of capital expenditures by customers; delays in collection of accounts receivable, increases in losses resulting from bad debt or increases in provisions for doubtful receivables, reflecting the financial condition of customers; increases in required provisions for product warranty costs and write-downs of inventory; and any real or perceived decrease in performance and reliability of Advantest products, which could lead to a decline in Advantest s reputation. 11 Table of Contents Chemicals used by Advantest may become subject to more stringent regulations, and Advantest may be required to incur significant costs in adapting to new requirements Advantest uses chemicals in the manufacturing of its products, the manufacture, processing and distribution of which are subject to environmental related laws, regulations and rules of Japanese governmental agencies, as well as by various industry organizations and other regulatory bodies in other countries. These regulatory bodies may strengthen existing regulations governing chemicals used by Advantest and may also begin to regulate other chemicals used by Advantest. While Advantest is taking measures to eliminate toxic substances included in parts used to manufacture its products, Advantest uses solder, which contains lead for mounting electronic parts and components for its products, in order to ensure the reliability of its products as a matter of priority. Further, as a method to cool some of its semiconductor and component test systems and mechatronics systems, Advantest uses fluorinated liquid which use is not currently regulated by laws. Advantest believes that it is in compliance with regulations with respect to the use of chemicals by promoting environmental policies for its products with the focus on ensuring the safety and the reliability of its products; however, Advantest must be prepared to adapt to regulatory requirements in all relevant countries as requirements change. Advantest may be required to incur significant cost in adapting to new requirements. Any failure by Advantest to comply with applicable government or industry regulations could result in restrictions on its ability to carry on with or expand sales of its products. Advantest could suffer significant liabilities, litigation costs or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling its products if it is infringing on the intellectual property of third parties Advantest may be unknowingly infringing on the intellectual property rights of third parties and may be held responsible for that infringement. To date, Advantest has not been the subject of a material intellectual property claim. However, any future litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property infringement could be costly and time consuming and divert management and key personnel from Advantest s business operations. If Advantest loses a claim, it may be forced to pay significant damages, pay license fees, modify its products or processes, stop making products or stop using processes. A license could be very expensive to obtain or may not be available at all. Changing Advantest s products or processes to avoid infringing on the rights of third parties may be costly or impractical. Advantest may be unable to protect its proprietary rights due to the difficulty of Advantest gaining access to, and investigating, the products believed to infringe on Advantest s intellectual property rights Advantest relies on patents, utility model rights, design rights, trademarks and copyrights obtained in various countries to actively protect its proprietary rights. For instance, with respect to the device interface market, Advantest has taken legal action based on its patent and utility model rights against manufacturers that sell replicas of Advantest s products and, in some instances, has obtained injunctions against sales of such replicas. However, in general, it is difficult for Advantest to gain access to, and investigate, the products believed to infringe on its intellectual property rights. Therefore, Advantest cannot ensure that its intellectual property rights will provide meaningful protection of its proprietary rights. Nevertheless, Advantest is focused on protecting its intellectual property rights from third party infringement and will continue to monitor and enforce its rights. The technology labor market is very competitive, and Advantest s business may suffer if Advantest is unable to hire and retain engineers and other key personnel Advantest s future success depends partly on its ability to attract and retain highly qualified engineers for its research and development and customer service and support divisions. If Advantest fails to hire and retain a sufficient number of these personnel, it may not be able to maintain and expand its business. Advantest may need to revise its compensation and other personnel related policies to retain its existing officers and employees and attract and retain the additional personnel that it expects to require. 12 Table of Contents Damage, interference or interruption to Advantest s information technology networks and systems could hinder business continuity and lead to substantial costs or harm Advantest s reputation Advantest relies on various information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, including confidential data, and to carry out and support a variety of business activities, including manufacturing, research and development, supply chain management, sales and accounting. Advantest has the Information Security Committee and Legal and General Affairs Department to create policies on information security measures. The IT section builds and operates the information and technology network and system based on the above-mentioned policies. However, attacks by hackers or computer viruses, wrongful use of the information security system, careless use, accidents or disasters could undermine the defenses established by Advantest and disrupt business continuity, which could not only risk leakage or tampering of information but could also result in a legal claim, litigation, damages liability or an obligation to pay fines. If this were to occur, Advantest s reputation could be harmed, Advantest could incur substantial costs, and it may have a material adverse effect upon Advantest s financial condition and results of operation. Product defects and any damages stemming from Advantest s product liability could harm Advantest s reputation among existing and potential customers and could have a material adverse effect upon Advantest s business results and financial condition Advantest manufactures its products in accordance with internationally accepted quality control standards such as ISO 9000. However, Advantest cannot guarantee that there are no defects in its products. Advantest maintains product liability insurance, but cannot guarantee that such insurance will sufficiently cover the ultimate amount of damages with respect to Advantest s liabilities. Large scale accidents due to product defects or any discovery of defects in its products could harm Advantest s reputation for not adequately addressing defects, could cause Advantest to incur higher costs, could result in claims for damages and could have a material adverse effect upon Advantest s business results and financial condition. Risks Related to Ownership of American Depositary Shares ( ADSs ) or Common Stock Japanese yen-dollar fluctuations could cause the market price of the ADSs to decline and reduce dividend amounts payable to ADS holders as expressed in U.S. dollars Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Japanese yen and the U.S. dollar may affect the U.S. dollar equivalent of the Japanese yen price of the shares on the Tokyo Stock Exchange and, primarily reflecting the foregoing, are likely to affect the market price of the ADSs. The Company has historically paid dividends on its shares twice a year. If the Company declares cash dividends, dividends on the shares represented by the ADSs will be paid to the depositary in Japanese yen and then converted by the depositary into U.S. dollars. Therefore, exchange rate fluctuations could also affect the dividend amounts payable to ADS holders following conversion into U.S. dollars of dividends paid in Japanese yen on the shares represented by the ADSs. A holder of ADSs has fewer rights than a shareholder has, and must act through the depositary to exercise those rights The rights of shareholders under Japanese law to take actions, including voting their shares, receiving dividends and distributions, bringing derivative actions, examining Advantest s accounting books and records and exercising appraisal rights, are available only to holders of record on the Company s register of shareholders. Because the depositary, through its custodian agents, is the registered holder of the shares underlying the ADSs, only the depositary can exercise those rights in connection with the deposited shares. The depositary will make efforts to vote the shares underlying a holder s ADSs as instructed by the holder and will pay to the holder the dividends and distributions collected from Advantest. However, in the holder s capacity as an ADS holder, that holder will not be able to bring a derivative action, examine Advantest s accounting books and records or exercise appraisal rights through the depositary. 13 Table of Contents There are restrictions on the withdrawal of shares from the Company s depositary receipt facility Under the Company s ADS program, each ADS represents the right to receive one share. To withdraw any shares, a holder of ADSs has to surrender for cancellation American Depositary Receipts, or ADRs, evidencing 100 ADSs or any integral multiple thereof. Each ADR bears a legend to that effect. As a result, holders of ADSs are unable to withdraw fractions of shares or units or receive any cash settlement from the depositary in lieu of withdrawal of fractions of shares or units. Holders of shares representing less than one unit, or 100 shares, may require the Company to repurchase those shares, whereas holders of ADSs representing less than one unit of shares are unable to exercise this right because the holders of these ADSs are unable to withdraw the underlying shares. Under the Company s ADS program, an ADS holder cannot cause the depositary to require the Company to repurchase fractions of shares or units on its behalf. For a further discussion of the ADSs and the ADS program, see Description of American Depositary Receipts set forth in the Company s registration statement on Form F-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 22, 2002. For a further discussion of the Japanese unit share system, see Additional Information Memorandum and Articles of Association The Unit Share System. Enforcement of Civil Liabilities The Company is a limited liability, joint-stock corporation incorporated under the laws of Japan. Almost all of the Company s directors and executive officers reside in Japan. Substantially all of the Company s assets and the assets of these persons are located in Japan. It may not be possible, therefore, for investors to effect service of process within the U.S. upon the Company or these persons or to enforce against the Company or these persons judgments obtained in U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the U.S. The Company s Japanese counsel, Nagashima Ohno Tsunematsu, has advised the Company that there is doubt as to the enforceability in Japan, in original actions or in actions for enforcement of judgments of U.S. courts, of liabilities predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the U.S. ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY 4.A. HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY The Company commenced operations in July 1954, and was incorporated in December 1954 under the name Takeda Riken Industry Co., Ltd. as a limited liability, joint-stock company in Japan under the Commercial Code of Japan. At the time of incorporation, Takeda Riken s primary business was the design, manufacture and sale of measuring instruments for Japanese electronics manufacturers. Takeda Riken started focusing on semiconductor test equipment for the semiconductor industry in 1968 and was the first to domestically produce semiconductor test equipment in 1972. In 1971, Takeda Riken entered into its first distribution agreement with a foreign distributor and, in 1973, established its first representative office in the U.S. to gather information on technology and distribution and to establish dealer relationships. These two milestones launched the Company s long-term goal of becoming a global manufacturer of testing and measuring products. Takeda Riken has been listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange since February 1983. Takeda Riken changed its registered name to Kabushiki Kaisha Advantest in October 1985. Advantest acquired Verigy in 2011 and Verigy fully integrated with Advantest in 2012. Advantest applies its capital expenditures chiefly to developing new products, streamlining production, expanding its production capacity and leasing assets to its customers. Advantest s capital expenditures were 12.6 billion, 5.6 billion and 4.2 billion in fiscal 2012, 2013 and 2014, respectively. The fiscal 2012 amount includes capital expenditures to build the new factory in Korea. The Company s principal executive offices are located at Shin-Marunouchi Center Building, 1-6-2, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-0005 Japan. The Company s telephone number in Japan is (81-3) 3214-7500. The Company s agent in the United States is Advantest America Inc., located at 3061 Zanker Rd., San Jose, CA 95134 U.S.A. 14 Table of Contents 4.B. BUSINESS OVERVIEW Overview As of June 25, 2015, Advantest is comprised of the Company and its 31 consolidated subsidiaries. Advantest conducts its business in the following segments: Semiconductor and Component Test System Segment; Mechatronics System Segment, including test handlers, device interfaces and nano-technology-related operations; and Services, Support and Others Segment. Semiconductor and Component Test System Segment The Semiconductor and Component Test System Segment provides customers with test system products for the semiconductor industry and the electronic component industry. The products in this segment include test systems for non-memory semiconductors and test systems for memory semiconductors. The test systems for non-memory semiconductors are divided into test systems for SoC semiconductors, LCD driver integrated circuits and semiconductors used in car electronics. Mechatronics System Segment The Mechatronics System Segment focuses on peripheral devices to the semiconductor and component test systems. This business includes test handlers applying mechatronics technologies, which handle semiconductor devices and automate testing, device interfaces with measured devices, and business related to nano-technology. Services, Support and Others Segment The Services, Support and Others Segment consists of comprehensive customer solutions provided in connection with the Semiconductor and Component Test System and Mechatronics System Segments, support services, an equipment lease business and new businesses including system level test products, such as Solid State Drive (SSD) test systems, and Terahertz systems. Sales by Segment The following table illustrates net sales by each segment for the last three fiscal years. Fiscal 2012 Fiscal 2013 Fiscal 2014 Segment Sales (in millions) % Sales (in millions) % Sales (in millions) % Semiconductor and Component Test System Segment 101,119 76.1 73,017 65.3 108,320 66.3 Mechatronics System Segment 13,653 10.3 14,984 13.4 28,347 17.4 Services, Support and Others Segment 20,077 15.1 24,151 21.6 26,752 16.4 Intercompany transactions elimination (1,946 ) (1.5 ) (274 ) (0.3 ) (90 ) (0.1 ) Total Net Sales 132,903 100.0 % 111,878 100.0 % 163,329 100.0 % Industry Overview Advantest offers products in semiconductor and component test systems, mechatronics systems, and services, support and others. Advantest s main customers are industrial, design and manufacturing companies, fabless semiconductor companies, foundries and test houses. Advantest believes that the following factors promote growth of the business carried out by its main customers: the move to lower-cost, smaller, faster and more powerful and energy-efficient semiconductors and electronic components; 15 Table of Contents the increase in demand for smartphones, wearable devices and products related to IoT (Internet of Things); the increase in demand for higher performance data servers and personal computers; the increase in demand for digital consumer products such as flat-panel TVs, DVD/Blu-ray disc recorders, portable audio players, electronic books and application products for automobiles; the increasing levels of wireless high-speed data transmission worldwide reflecting the expansion of the mobile device industry; the increasing demand for electronic devices that incorporate semiconductor and communications technologies in developing countries; the development of higher speed and high capacity communications infrastructure; and the increase in demand for electronic components, including semiconductors and sensors, in response to technological advancement of automobiles such as electric vehicles (EV) and hybrid electric vehicles (HEV). Advantest believes that these factors will continue to provide long-term growth opportunities for Advantest because they lead to additional capital expenditures by its customers, resulting in an expansion of businesses for Advantest. However, the capital expenditures of Advantest s customers may be adversely affected by the following factors: the level of demand for semiconductors and electronic components; advancements in semiconductor and electronic component technology; and changes in semiconductor and electronic component manufacturing processes. Demand for Semiconductors and Electronic Components Demand for semiconductor and component test systems and mechatronics systems is closely related to the volume of semiconductors and electronic components produced and the resulting capital expenditure of semiconductor manufacturers and others. Semiconductors are generally classified as either memory semiconductors or non-memory semiconductors. Memory semiconductors are used in electronic systems to store data and programs. Non-memory semiconductors include various semiconductors that incorporate non-memory circuits, which include logic and analog circuits. Logic circuits process digital data to control the operations of electronic systems. Analog circuits process analog signals translated from real world phenomena such as sound, light, heat and motion. SoC semiconductors are a subset of non-memory semiconductors that combine digital circuits with analog, memory and RF circuits, among others, on a single semiconductor chip. SoC semiconductors are used in a variety of sophisticated products, including wireless communications, fiber optic equipment and digital consumer products. Semiconductor sales have increased significantly over the long-term. However, semiconductors, particularly memory semiconductors, have experienced significant cyclical variations in growth rates. According to World Semiconductor Trade Statistics (WSTS), worldwide semiconductor sales in 2010 increased compared to the previous year, by approximately $72.0 billion or 31.8% to approximately $298.3 billion, mainly due to increased demand for electronic components in developing nations. Sales in 2011 increased compared to the previous year, by approximately $1.2 billion or 0.4% to approximately $299.5 billion, mainly due to the global economic recession and natural disasters such as the Great East Japan Earthquake and the floods in Thailand reducing production activities of electronic products. Sales in 2012 decreased compared to the previous year, by approximately $8.0 billion or 2.7% to approximately $291.6 billion, because the effects of the debt crisis in Southern European countries brought about a further sense of stagnation. Sales in 2013 increased compared to 16 Table of Contents previous year, by approximately $14.0 billion or 4.8% to approximately $305.6 billion, due to an overall steady demand for semiconductors, despite some variations among products. Sales in 2014 continued to increase compared to previous year, by approximately $30.3 billion or 9.9% to approximately $335.8 billion. The following table sets forth the size of the market for non-memory semiconductors, memory semiconductors and all semiconductors between 2010 and 2014 and the projected market size between 2015 and 2017 as compiled and estimated by WSTS as of June 2015. Actual Year ended December 31, Projections for Years ending December 31, 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 (in millions) Non-memory $ 228,701 $ 238,772 $ 234,567 $ 238,541 $ 256,611 $ 265,776 $ 276,712 $ 286,073 Memory 69,614 60,749 56,995 67,043 79,232 81,472 82,212 83,514 Total $ 298,315 $ 299,521 $ 291,562 $ 305,584 $ 335,843 $ 347,248 $ 358,924 $ 369,587 The non-memory semiconductor market is not as volatile as the memory semiconductor market because non-memory semiconductors are used in a larger variety of consumer products and equipment. In periods of rapid decline in the semiconductor market, the capital expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, including their purchases of semiconductor test systems, generally decline at a faster pace than the decline in semiconductor sales. In addition, following a downturn in the semiconductor market or a decline in the price of semiconductors, investment is generally restrained until semiconductor manufacturers determine that the market for semiconductors is experiencing a substantive recovery and accordingly, sales of semiconductor test systems generally do not experience significant increase. Advantest believes these trends will continue in the future. The semiconductor market significantly recovered in 2010 compared to the previous year, due to a surge in demand for electronic equipment in developing nations. In 2011, the market only increased slightly compared to the previous year due to the global economic recession and natural disasters such as the Great East Japan Earthquake and the floods in Thailand reducing production activities of electronic products. The market for non-memory semiconductors decreased by 1.8% in 2012 as compared with 2011 but increased by 1.7% in 2013 as compared with 2012, and continued to increase by 7.6% in 2014 as compared with 2013, after which it is expected to grow by approximately 3.6% in 2015, by approximately 4.1% in 2016 and by approximately 3.4% in 2017, according to estimates by WSTS. WSTS expects that the market for non-memory semiconductors will grow to approximately $286.1 billion in 2017. Advantest believes that the demand for non-memory semiconductors will depend on consumer products such as smartphones and tablet-type devices, and will continue to grow in the foreseeable future, led by the further prevalence of, and new developments in, digital consumer products and personal computers, accompanied by data servers. The market for memory semiconductors decreased by 6.2% in 2012 as compared with 2011 but increased by 17.6% in 2013 as compared with 2012, and continued to increase by 18.2% in 2014 as compared with 2013, after which it is expected to grow by approximately 2.8% in 2015, by approximately 0.9% in 2016 and by approximately 1.6% in 2017, according to estimates by WSTS. WSTS expects that the market for memory semiconductors will grow to approximately $83.5 billion in 2017. Advantest believes that demand for memory semiconductors will be generated in the foreseeable future by the prevalence of LPDDR4, DDR4-SDRAM, flash memory and other high-end semiconductors. Advancements in Semiconductor and Electronic Component Technology Advantest believes that demand for semiconductor and component test systems and mechatronics systems is also affected by the rate of change and development in semiconductor and electronic component technology. Current changes in the semiconductor and electronic component industry relate to the innovation of digital consumer products and communications technologies. Furthermore, Advantest believes that technical innovation and a growth in demand for semiconductors used in vehicles, such as electronic control units, on-board LANs and various sensors, in connection with the increasing use of electronics in the automobile industry may have a big impact on the semiconductor industry and electronic components industry. 17 Table of Contents Demand for faster semiconductors and electronic components that are smaller in size, incorporate more functions and require less power to operate is being driven by: increase in demand for, and improvements in technology for, communication devices, such as tablet-type devices and smartphones, and data servers; growing demand for, and continuous improvements in, personal computers and digital consumer products, such as flat-panel TVs, DVD/Blu-ray disc recorders, digital cameras, electronic books and mobile phone handsets; requirements of communications network equipment, such as network routers, switches and base stations, as well as wireless handsets and other Internet access devices, to enable advances in Internet hardware and software applications, increases in infrastructure performance and simplification and miniaturization of Internet access devices; proliferation of the Internet and related devices, and increases in capacity and speed of data servers as they evolve; and advancement in technology which controls energy in a highly efficient manner and the move from vehicles with internal combustion engines to hybrid or electric vehicles partially or wholly driven by electric motors in response to society s increasing call for environmental measures and greater energy efficiency. The development of SoC semiconductors with smaller size, higher performance and lower power consumption has created demand for sophisticated semiconductor and component test systems that can simultaneously test SoC semiconductors logic, analog and memory circuits. Further innovations in non-memory semiconductor technologies including SoC semiconductor technology are expected, and Advantest believes these innovations will create demand for new, high-performance semiconductor and component test systems optimized for use with these advanced semiconductors. Advantest believes that the integration of non-memory semiconductors into a range of digital consumer products will drive demand for test systems for non-memory semiconductors which contribute to the reduction of testing costs. Non-memory semiconductors are often customized for applications in specific products, which results in a large variety of non-memory semiconductors that are often produced in relatively smaller volumes. Demand for personal computers, data servers, smartphones and tablet-type devices with higher performance and capabilities are also driving changes in the memory semiconductor sector. This demand is causing manufacturers to shift to the production of the DDR4-SDRAM high-speed data transfer memory semiconductor, and to further expand production of lower power LPDDR2/3/4 for mobile devices and large capacity and nonvolatile and high-speed read or writable flash memory semiconductors. Advantest believes that this shift is creating demand for test systems for memory semiconductors capable of handling these new types of memory semiconductors, as well as contributing to a reduction in testing costs. In addition, Advantest believes that additional demand for mechatronics systems, including test handlers and device interfaces connecting semiconductor devices and semiconductor test systems, will be created and will grow in line with advances in semiconductor technologies. Changes in Semiconductor and Electronic Component Manufacturing Processes Semiconductor and electronic component manufacturers are promoting production outsourcing, technological innovation in manufacturing processes and testing technology to improve productivity. Production Outsourcing In recent years, semiconductor manufacturing and testing processes have become more complex and capital intensive. Primarily reflecting the foregoing, an increasing portion of the manufacturing and testing functions are being subcontracted out, not only by fabless companies, but also by industrial, design and manufacturing 18 Table of Contents companies which had previously designed and manufactured semiconductors, in order to reduce capital expenditures. This trend has resulted in an increase in the number of test houses that accept test process outsourcing and foundries that accept manufacturing process outsourcing. Foundries either perform testing in-house or outsource their testing needs to test houses. This trend towards production outsourcing, particularly to test houses, has increased the number of potential customers for semiconductor test system manufacturers, although it has not significantly affected the total demand for Advantest s products. In addition, Advantest believes that it is most appropriate to use semiconductor and component test systems which have been designed using module structure, which enables the formation of semiconductor test systems that can meet the multiple needs of the customers of test houses and foundries. Outsourcing has also been utilized for electronic component manufacturing. Technological Innovation in Manufacturing Processes Recent innovations in semiconductor manufacturing processes are miniaturization, shift to 450 millimeter wafers and three-dimensional mounting. Wafers are circular flat pieces of silicon from which multiple semiconductor chips are made using photo-etching and other manufacturing processes. By using 450 millimeter wafers, manufacturers are able to increase the number of chips produced per wafer by 2.25 times when compared to production using 300 millimeter wafers if the size of chips are the same. From the latter half of 2010, as a result of a rapid expansion of the mobile device market which resulted in an increase in the manufacture of low power memory, focus has been on capital expenditures related to 300 millimeter wafers. Research and development into 450 millimeter wafers for use in high added-value, high-end semiconductors is taking hold, and future roll-out of this next-generation technology for mobile devices is expected. New Testing Technologies Semiconductor designers and manufacturers are striving to further reduce costs in connection with manufacturing semiconductors, especially the cost of testing semiconductors. Thus, there is a stronger demand for semiconductor test systems that can simultaneously test more semiconductors and accommodate a larger number of pins at higher speeds and with high throughput capabilities. On the other hand, there is an increasing pressure on semiconductor test systems to be energy efficient, smaller in size and less expensive. In order to respond to this demand, semiconductor test system manufacturers are taking measures to reduce semiconductor test system costs by making the development and manufacturing process of semiconductor test systems more efficient, strengthening peripheral devices such as test handlers and device interfaces and improving service and support systems. Certain semiconductors are now tested in a simplified manner in which self-test technologies are designed into circuits, or are tested in a manner that is close to actual operation by using firmware used to operate final products or even sold without being tested. Furthermore, semiconductors that use TSV (Through-Silicon Via) technology, a via that penetrates the Si chip, has reached the stage of practical application. Advantest believes that it has become increasingly important for semiconductor test systems to ensure the reliability of semiconductors since semiconductors are expected to become more complex and advanced going forward. Advantest believes that semiconductor and electronic component manufacturing processes will continue to evolve. The introduction of new manufacturing processes will likely result in test costs constituting a higher percentage of the total cost of manufacturing and, therefore increase price pressure on the semiconductor test system industry. Furthermore, there is a need for new semiconductor test systems with functions that meet the further increases in consumption of semiconductors and electronic components. Advantest believes that these trends provide it with an opportunity to distinguish itself from its competitors through the delivery of new products that are priced and designed to meet the specific needs of its customers and the proposal of test solutions at the system level. Business Strategy Since the downturn of the global economy and weakened demand for semiconductors several years ago, Advantest has been facing a challenging business environment. In order to create a stable foundation amidst the 19 Table of Contents fast-changing and challenging semiconductor market, Advantest acquired Verigy in 2011 and Verigy fully integrated with Advantest in 2012. Furthermore, Advantest has established the following core business goals to achieve mid- to long-term growth: focusing on the development of semiconductor test systems which can respond to changes in capabilities of non-memory and memory semiconductors; increasing its market share for test systems for non-memory semiconductors and maintaining its large market share for test systems for memory semiconductors; increasing its market share for test handlers for memory and non-memory semiconductors; developing, designing and supplying high quality device interfaces in a shorter period of time; reducing product cost of goods to withstand price pressures on products; enhancing its operating efficiency to improve profitability through promotion of manufacturing innovations and operational expense improvements such as IT integration and consolidation of business premises; cost-cutting from optimizing payroll costs; strengthening its ability to provide comprehensive solutions to satisfy customer needs; and promoting the development and establishment of new businesses in the measuring instruments field outside of its semiconductor-related business. To achieve these goals, Advantest plans to: Continue to address industry trends, identify customer needs and deliver new products ahead of its competitors Advantest will continue to work closely with major semiconductor manufacturers beginning in the product design stage of semiconductor and component test systems to understand customer needs relating to emerging technologies and applications. Based on this knowledge and its technological expertise, Advantest seeks to develop more advanced semiconductor and component test systems, test handlers, device interfaces and comprehensive solutions ahead of its competitors. For example, Advantest is pursuing the following strategies: developing semiconductor and component test systems with increased test speeds and throughput capabilities and test handlers in line with the technological development of non-memory semiconductors and memory semiconductors; proactively developing products to address the recent shift in emphasis in the semiconductor industry towards front-end testing of dies; actively applying high-frequency analog technology developed for measuring instruments for the wireless communications market to test systems for non-memory semiconductors including test systems for SoC semiconductors; in addition to Advantest s existing technologies, actively utilizing Verigy s technologies, including the high-frequency test technology or the per-site processor architecture, and promoting product development that utilizes the strengths of both companies; developing testing solutions for complexed IC incorporating RF, logic and memory chips in a single package in order to achieve IC with advanced 3D integration as well as downsizing and technical advantages with TSV technology; offering semiconductor and component test systems and device interfaces with high throughput in order to test recent devices incorporating interfaces with data rates of several gigabits per second; 20 Table of Contents developing device interfaces that can optimize the performance of semiconductor and component test systems and test handlers in responding to semiconductors with higher speed and large pin counts; and timely introduce new system-level test solutions equipped with advanced software that can meet market needs. Further strengthen the test system business for non-memory semiconductors Advantest believes that in 2014 the market for test systems for non-memory semiconductors was approximately five times the size of the market for test systems for memory semiconductors. Advantest has therefore devoted its resources to developing test systems and modules for non-memory semiconductors to meet the demands of a large number of manufacturers for the testing of a wide variety of non-memory semiconductors, and will further strengthen its commitment to the development of these systems and modules. Advantest is utilizing the test module structure in test systems for non-memory semiconductors. Advantest believes the primary benefits of these test module structures are reduced testing costs. In addition, Advantest hopes that the reduction in testing costs, and thus the lowering of overall manufacturing costs of non-memory semiconductors, will help foster further demand for non-memory semiconductors to be used in digital consumer products and other products. Furthermore, through its integration with Verigy and utilizing the strengths of both companies, Advantest has begun sales of high-performance, low-cost new products for the low-end non-memory device market and high-speed communication devices market that were previously difficult to enter into. Advantest is also aiming to rapidly develop new products for next-generation high-speed communication devices. Focus sales and support efforts on key customer accounts Advantest believes that a small number of large industrial, design and manufacturing companies, fabless semiconductor companies, foundries and test houses account for a large portion of total sales in the semiconductor and component test system industry. Advantest sells semiconductor and component test systems and mechatronics systems to many of these customers and supports them on a regular basis. Advantest is seeking to continue to expand its business with these key customers and develop new relationships with the remaining potential major customers. Many of Advantest s sales and support offices are located near the corporate headquarters or main research and development and manufacturing facilities of these key customers. In addition, in Asia, the U.S. and Europe, Advantest is further expanding its customer base and strengthening technical support and services. These offices also facilitate Advantest s efforts to continue conducting collaborative development activities with leading semiconductor manufacturers. Advantest acquired and integrated Verigy In July 2011, Advantest acquired Verigy, a leading manufacturer of semiconductor test systems. The purposes of and achievements from this acquisition and business combination are mainly threefold, as set out below. (1) Highly Complementary Technology and Products Building on Advantest s strength in memory semiconductor test systems and mass production lines and Verigy s strength in non-memory semiconductor test systems and research and development, Advantest expects to drive technological innovation in the more comprehensive field of automatic semiconductor test equipment. Advantest is also working to enhance growth and profitability by reallocating resources currently devoted to areas of duplicative research and development, with a goal of accelerating Advantest s combined technical capabilities and developing new business. 21 Table of Contents (2) Customer Relationships Advantest now has a wide and comprehensive range of products, which enables it to provide customers with the most advanced collection of test solutions, such as improved test efficiency and reduced cost. Expanding Advantest s scale of operations is also expected to enhance Advantest s ability to provide long-term and consistent service to Advantest s customers. (3) Global Business Development Advantest has strengthened its customer base by expanding it globally. Advantest is also accelerating its globalization efforts at the operation level by acquiring excellent human resources on a global scale. Products As of fiscal 2014, Advantest s main products are products developed, manufactured and sold in the Semiconductor and Component Test System Segment, Mechatronics System Segment and Services Support and Others Segment. They are as follows: Semiconductor and Component Test Systems Segment Semiconductor and component test systems are used during the semiconductor and electronic component manufacturing process to confirm that a semiconductor functions properly. Semiconductor and component test systems consist of test systems for non-memory semiconductors and test systems for memory semiconductors. The following table sets forth the amount of net sales of Advantest s semiconductor and component test systems, for non-memory and memory semiconductors for the periods presented. Category Fiscal 2012 Fiscal 2013 Fiscal 2014 (in millions) Test systems for non-memory semiconductors 83,368 49,614 86,319 Test systems for memory semiconductors 17,751 23,403 22,001 Total 101,119 73,017 108,320 Test Systems for Non-memory Semiconductors Advantest s main line of test systems for non-memory semiconductors relates to test systems for SoC semiconductors, test systems for LCD driver integrated circuits, test systems for image sensors and test systems for semiconductors used in car electronics. Test systems for SoC semiconductors test SoC semiconductors that combine circuits such as digital, analog, memory and RF circuits on a single semiconductor chip. Test systems for LCD driver integrated circuits test semiconductors with specific functions, such as LCD driver integrated circuits that display images on LCD panels. In addition to flexibility, the factors that are important to customers in the performance of test systems for memory semiconductors described below also apply to test systems for non-memory semiconductors. Advantest s market share in test systems for non-memory semiconductors was approximately 50% in 2012. The market share dropped to approximately 41% in 2013, however, due to a drop in capital expenditure spending by some of Advantest s major customers. The entire market expanded in 2014 and Advantest s sales significantly increased by approximately 74% in 2014 as compared with 2013, but market share remained at approximately 40% as in 2013 because competitors also increased their sales. Advantest s main product lines of test systems for non-memory semiconductors are the T2000, the V93000 series, the T6300 series and the EVA100 series. 22 Table of Contents T2000 . In 2003, Advantest introduced to the market the T2000 test systems for non-memory semiconductors which used the test module structure. Advantest believes that the development of modules for the T2000 compatible semiconductor test systems for non-memory semiconductors and the increase in product lineup will increase Advantest s market share in test systems for non-memory semiconductors. Main compatible component modules for th