=== [ES] Pernod_20Ricard_20H1_20FY24_20Analyst_20Call_20Transcript.pdf ===
REFINITIV STREETEVENTS PRELIM TRANSCRIPT Half Year 2024 Pernod Ricard SA Corporate Sales Call EVENT DATE/TIME: FEBRUARY 15, 2024 / 8:00AM GMT REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies. 1 FEBRUARY 15, 2024 / 8:00AM GMT, Half Year 2024 Pernod Ricard SA Corporate Sales Call CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Alexandre Ricard Pernod Ricard SA - CEO & Chairman Florence Tresarrieu Pernod Ricard SA - Global Senior VP of Investors Relations & Treasury Helene de Tissot Pernod Ricard SA - EVP of Finance & IT CONFERENCE CALL PARTICIPANTS Celine A.H. Pannuti JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Head of European Food, Home, Personal Care & Tobacco and Senior Analyst Chris Pitcher Redburn (Europe) Limited, Research Division - Partner of Consumer Staples Research Edward Brampton Mundy Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Equity Analyst Gen Philip Cross BNP Paribas Exane, Research Division - Research Analyst Jean-Olivier Nicolai Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst Laurence Bruce Whyatt Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Analyst Sanjeet Aujla UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Analyst Simon Lynsay Hales Citigroup Inc., Research Division - MD PRESENTATION Operator Good morning. This is the conference operator. Welcome, and thank you for joining the Pernod Ricard First Half and Full Year 2024 Sales and Results Conference Call and Webcast. (Operator Instructions) At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Florence Tresarrieu, Global SVP, Investor Relations and Treasury. Please go ahead, madam. Florence Tresarrieu Pernod Ricard SA - Global Senior VP of Investors Relations & Treasury Hello, everyone, and welcome to our H1 FY '24 sales and results presentation to be followed by Q&A. We are hosted today by Alexandre Ricard, our Chairman and CEO; and Hélène de Tissot, our EVP, Finance and IT. Alex and Hélène, over to you. Alexandre Ricard Pernod Ricard SA - CEO & Chairman Thank you very much, Florence, and good morning to all of you. Let's dwell directly into our first half financial year '24 sales and results. Globally speaking, we've had a robust performance, with organic sales down 3% and organic profit from recurring operations down 3%. Regarding the overall H1 performance, I would like to share with you maybe 4 underlying factors. The first one is the overall normalization of the spirits market globally, particularly skewed towards the U.S., after 3 years post-COVID super cycle across our spirits industry. The second factor is inventory adjustments in the U.S. particularly at a retailer level in a high interest rates, therefore, high cost-of-carry environment. The third element is a weaker consumer confidence in China within a weak macroeconomic environment. And finally, the fourth element is a strong growth in India and very strong growth in Asia, excluding China. Very strong growth in Africa, Middle East. In Central and Eastern Europe, if you exclude Russia. And finally, pretty strong resilience in Western Europe. That's basically the 4 key factors that describe our first half performance. At the same time, we sustained our organic operating margin, principally related to very strong gross margin expansion, and this is a direct consequence of our revenue growth management strategy and, as well, operational efficiencies. We've maintained strong investments behind our portfolio of brands, with roughly EUR 1 billion of marketing investments in growth versus the first half a year ago. And we've maintained a very strict control of our structure costs, which are broadly stable. We are accelerating our strategic investments, as planned and anticipated, for the long-term sustainable growth of our business. So we've had a significant step-up in H1 in our CapEx behind our Irish whiskey capacities, behind our North American capacities in Kentucky and behind our scotch capacities in Scotland. We've also secured future growth by maintaining strong levels of investments in our aged or strategic stock. And finally, while the free cash flow reflects perfectly the lower reported PRO, which is also impacted by currency effects and accelerated strategic investments, as I've described 2 minutes ago. REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2024 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies. 2 FEBRUARY 15, 2024 / 8:00AM GMT, Half Year 2024 Pernod Ricard SA Corporate Sales Call You have here the principal financials, which will go into a lot more detail with Hélène in a few minutes. So broadly saying, if you exclude Russia, we're growing in 2 out of the 3 regions. You see here minus 7% in Americas impacted by destocking, half of that is destocking. You see Europe at minus 4%, which would have grown 1% excluding the Russia technical impact. And finally, Asia Rest of the World, plus 1%, impacted by a weaker consumer confidence in China. And you see very strong pricing across the globe. I thought this analysis could be of interest to you because this perfectly illustrates what we call by normalization. So the first column is basically the pre-COVID semester. H1 fiscal year '20 was the semester, starting July 2019 up to December 2019. We used an Index 100 for the following first half, just to show the exponential growth we've had, which we call the post-COVID super cycle, which is now normalizing. And by the way, ever since that super cycle started, you see that our CAGR is at plus 8%, whereas our natural framework is somewhere between 4% and 7%. We're still very consumer-centric. We've been increasingly active all the way through to the run-up to the festive period to the O&D period. And without further ado, I'll share with you one of our commercials that was very successful across Christmas. (presentation) Alexandre Ricard Pernod Ricard SA - CEO & Chairman Okay. So for those of you who haven't recognized her, this was Selma Hayek. I thought that would be interesting to share with you as well, one of our greatest inv

=== [ES] FY21_20Sales_20_26_20Results_20call_20transcript.pdf ===
REFINITIV STREETEVENTS EDITED TRANSCRIPT PERP.PA - Full Year 2021 Pernod Ricard SA Earnings Call EVENT DATE/TIME: SEPTEMBER 01, 2021 / 7:00AM GMT REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2021 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies. SEPTEMBER 01, 2021 / 7:00AM, PERP.PA - Full Year 2021 Pernod Ricard SA Earnings Call CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS Alexandre Ricard Pernod Ricard SA - Chairman, CEO & Member of Executive Board Helene de Tissot Pernod Ricard SA - Executive VP of Finance, IT & Operations and Member of Executive Board Julia Massies Pernod Ricard SA - VP of Financial Communication & IR CONFERENCE CALL PARTICIPANTS Andrea Pistacchi BofA Securities, Research Division - MD in Equity Research & Head of European Beverages Edward Brampton Mundy Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Equity Analyst Laurence Bruce Whyatt Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Analyst Mitchell John Collett Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - Research Analyst Sanjeet Aujla Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - European Beverages Analyst Simon Lynsay Hales Citigroup Inc., Research Division - MD Trevor J. Stirling Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division - Senior Analyst PRESENTATION Julia Massies - Pernod Ricard SA - VP of Financial Communication & IR Good morning. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Pernod Ricard's Fiscal '21 Sales and Results Presentation. We're hosted this morning by Alexandre Ricard, our Chairman and CEO; and Hélène de Tissot, our EVP, Finance, IT and Operations. We'll follow our usual format and take you through a brief presentation and then turn to your questions. Thank you very much. Without further ado, over to you, Alexandre. Alexandre Ricard - Pernod Ricard SA - Chairman, CEO & Member of Executive Board Thank you very much, Julia. Good morning to all, and I do hope you had a wonderful summer as I did. So may I suggest we start directly with the executive summary. Well, listen, excellent rebound with our sales and profit from recurring operations, above precrisis levels with 10% organic growth of our top line and 18% organic growth from our profit from recurring operations, pre-COVID crisis levels at constant currency, of course, and a strong growth momentum. So the growth is very diversified with all regions growing. Our domestic must-wins, 2 of them have reached record sales: the first one being the U.S. with 16% organic growth and reaching the milestone of $2 billion of net sales; and the second one, which is China with a whopping growth of 44% as well hitting an important milestone which is above the EUR 1 billion of net sales. Significant premiumization, of course, thanks to our Strategic International Brands that have grown double digit and our Specialty Brands portfolio which has grown significantly by almost 30%. And we have gained share in most markets across the world. Our business transformation is clearly underway. We are continuing to deploy our Transform & Accelerate strategic road map. Significant investment behind our priority brands and markets, and I would call this dynamic management of our resources. Strong progress in our digital transformation, which is, in fact, accelerating with an outstanding growth for our e-commerce channel, which grew by 63%, and that growth is widely spread. And finally, acceleration of our sustainability and responsibility road map, I'll come back to that. So excellent performance with very active resource management and achieving a significant operating leverage of 213 basis points. Outstanding cash performance reaching a record high level for our free cash flow and -- free cash flow as well as recurring operations, which has driven our net 2 REFINITIV STREETEVENTS | www.refinitiv.com | Contact Us ©2021 Refinitiv. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Refinitiv content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Refinitiv. 'Refinitiv' and the Refinitiv logo are registered trademarks of Refinitiv and its affiliated companies. SEPTEMBER 01, 2021 / 7:00AM, PERP.PA - Full Year 2021 Pernod Ricard SA Earnings Call debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 2.6x, and therefore, leading to an increased shareholder returns with a proposed dividend back to precrisis levels of EUR 3.12, which was a historical high in fiscal year '19 and as well the resumption -- proposed resumption of our share buyback. So here, you have the numbers. I won't dwell upon them. I already mentioned most of them. Just to mention the significant adverse FX impact of slightly more than EUR 0.5 billion on our net sales and EUR 253 million on profit from recurring operations. As I mentioned in the executive summary, acceleration of our sustainability and responsibility road map. There are 2 things we clearly accelerated during this COVID crisis and with clear purpose: number one, digital acceleration; and number two, equally as important, our responsibility and sustainability road map. And I'm proud to announce today our new collaborative agreement, and we're the first private company to do so with the IUCN, the International Union for Conservation of Nature. And I will be going to Marseille on Friday to participate there. This is a very, very important partnership. I'm extremely excited about it and very enthused at the idea of what we will be doing together in the coming months and years. Second as well, we've introduced a new global diversity and inclusion road map, which is titled Live without labels, to drive more inclusion and diversity within Pernod Ricard. Just to mention as well, the gender pay gap has been reduced to 1.8%, which is very low. We have also revisited our targets in terms of carbon. So our new carbon targets are to reach net zero in Scope 1 and 2 by the latest in 2030 and hopefully -- and this is what we're going to try and drive even before 2030, and Scope 3 by 2050. We are signatory of business ambition to 1.5% (sic) [1.5 degrees] Celsius, which is an SBT initiative. Finally, packaging and waste. As we mentioned, we accelerated some of our targets there starting with the removal of single-use plastic point-of-sale material. The initial target was 2025. It's done with the exception of cups for the time being, which