ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risk Factor Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our Class A common stock. These risks are described more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks relating to the following: • we may not be able to sustain our revenue growth; • our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable; • a limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our revenue; • we may not realize the full deal value of our customer contracts; • we anticipate our operating expenses will continue to increase and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future; • our results of operations and our key business measures are likely to fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis; • seasonality may cause fluctuations in our results of operations and financial position; • we may not successfully develop and deploy new technologies (such as technologies incorporating AI) to address the needs of our customers; • we may not be able to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation; • our reputation and business may be harmed by news or social media coverage or other external scrutiny of Palantir or our leadership; • we may be unable to hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management and deploy our personnel and resources to meet customer demand; • we may be unable to successfully build, expand, and deploy our marketing and sales organization; • our platforms are complex and may have a lengthy implementation process; • exclusive arrangements or unique terms with customers or partners may result in significant risks or liabilities to us; • we face intense competition in our markets; • our platforms must operate with third-party products and services; • the market for our platforms and services may develop more slowly than we expect; • we may be unable to maintain or properly manage our culture as we grow; • we may not enter into relationships with potential customers if we consider their activities to be inconsistent with our organizational mission or values; 12 Table of Contents • joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, and strategic alliances may be unsuccessful; • we may not be successful in executing our strategy to increase our sales to larger customers; • breach of the systems of any third parties upon which we rely, our customers’ systems, locations, or environments, or our internal systems or unauthorized access to data; • we have made and may continue to make strategic investments to support key business initiatives, including in privately-held and publicly-traded companies, as well as alternative investments, and we may not realize a return on these investments; • issues raised by the use of AI (including machine learning, large language, and other generative or agentic AI models and applications, and software functionality to operationalize the foregoing) in our platforms and business may result in reputational harm or liability; • we depend on computing infrastructure of third parties and they may experience errors, disruption, performance problems, or failure; • we may fail to adequately obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights; • we may be subject to intellectual property rights claims; • there may be real or perceived errors, failures, defects, or bugs in our platforms; • we rely on the availability of third-party technology that may be difficult to replace or that may cause errors; • our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and security, technology protection, and other matters; • our non-U.S. sales and operations subject us to additional risks and regulations; • we may encounter unfavorable outcomes in legal, regulatory, and administrative inquiries and proceedings; • we may fail to receive and maintain government contracts or there may be changes in the contracting or fiscal policies of the public sector; • many of our customer contracts may be terminated by the customer at any time for convenience and may contain other provisions permitting the customer to discontinue contract performance; • there may be a decline in the U.S. and other government budgets, changes in spending or budgetary priorities, or delays in contract awards; and • the multi-class structure of our common stock, the Founder Voting Trust Agreement, and the Founder Voting Agreement concentrate voting power with certain stockholders, in particular, Stephen Cohen, Alexander Karp, and Peter Thiel (our “Founders”) and their affiliates. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth in the future. Although our revenue has increased in recent periods, there can be no assurances that our revenue will continue to grow or do so at current rates, and you should not rely on the revenue of any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. Our revenue growth rate has fluctuated in the past, and may continue to fluctuate in future periods. In addition, as we continue to expand our platform and product offerings, or experience greater adoption of certain of our platform and product offerings, we have and may continue to experience variability in our revenue growth in certain markets or with certain customer segments relative to other markets or customer segments. Many factors may contribute to declines or variability in our revenue growth, including macroeconomic factors, increased competition, slowing demand for our platforms from existing and new customers, a failure by us to continue capitalizing on growth opportunities, terminations of existing contracts or failure to exercise existing options by our customers, and the maturation of our business, among others. If our revenue growth or revenue growth rate declines overall, or with respect to certain areas of our business, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense, and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable. Our results of operations may fluctuate, in part, because of the intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and unpredictability of our sales cycle. As part of our standard sales efforts, we invest considerable time and expense evaluating the specific organizational needs of our potential customers and educating these potential customers about the technical capabilities and value of our platforms and services. We often also provide our platforms to potential customers (including individual users 13 Table of Contents at such customers) at no or low cost initially to them for evaluation purposes through short-term pilot deployments of our platforms, including at bootcamps, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to convert customers from these short-term pilot deployments to longer-term revenue-generating contracts. We may continue to modify and update our sales efforts to meet market demand and the organizational needs of our potential customers, including to implement new go-to-market mechanisms or self-service models, or to collaborate with third party service providers, and any of these changes may not be successful and could increase our operating expenses. In addition, we have grown and may continue to grow our direct sales force, and our sales efforts have historically depended on the significant involvement of our senior management team. The length of our sales cycle, from initial demonstration of our platforms to sale of our platforms and services, tends to be long and varies substantially from customer to customer. Our sales cycle often lasts six to nine months but can extend to a year or more for some customers. Because decisions to purchase our platforms involve significant financial commitments, potential customers generally evaluate our platforms at multiple levels within their organization, each of which often have specific requirements, and typically involve their senior management. Our results of operations depend on sales to enterprise customers, which make product purchasing decisions based in part or entirely on factors, or perceived factors, not directly related to the features of the platforms, including, among others, that customer’s projections of business growth, uncertainty about macroeconomic conditions (including as a result of the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and related economic sanctions, the conflict resulting from Hamas’ attack on Israel and the ongoing conflict in the Middle East, fluctuating interest rates, monetary policy changes, foreign currency fluctuations, or the potential or actual imposition of tariffs or other impacts on trade relations), capital budgets, anticipated cost savings from the implementation of our platforms, potential preference for such customer’s internally-developed software solutions, perceptions about our business and platforms, more favorable terms offered by potential competitors, and previous technology investments. In addition, certain decision makers and other stakeholders within our potential customers tend to have vested interests in the continued use of internally developed or existing software, which may make it more difficult for us to sell our platforms and services. As a result of these and other factors, our sales efforts typically require an extensive effort throughout a customer’s organization, a significant investment of human resources, expense and time, including by our senior management, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in making a sale to a potential customer. If our sales efforts to a potential customer do not result in sufficient revenue to justify our investments, including our investments in sales and marketing, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Historically, existing customers have expanded their relationships with us, which has resulted in a limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our revenue. If existing customers do not make subsequent purchases from us or renew their contracts with us, or if our relationships with our largest customers are impaired or terminated, our revenue could decline, and our results of operations would be adversely impacted. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from existing customers that expand their relationships with us. Increasing the size and number of the deployments of our existing customers is a major part of our growth strategy. We may not be effective in executing this or any other aspect of our growth strategy. Our top three customers together accounted for 16% and 17% of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Our top three customers by revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025, have been with us for an average of ten years as of December 31, 2025. Certain of our customers, including customers that represent a significant portion of our business, have in the past reduced, and others may choose in the future to reduce, their spend with us or terminated their agreements with us, which has reduced our anticipated future payments or revenue from these customers, and which has required us to refund some previously paid amounts to these customers. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand from our larger customers for our platforms and applications. While we generally offer contract terms of one to five years in length, our customers sometimes enter into shorter-term contracts which may not provide for automatic renewal and may require the customer to opt-in to extend the term. Our customers have no obligation to renew, upgrade, or expand their agreements with us after the terms of their existing agreements have expired. In addition, many of our customer contracts permit the customer to terminate their contracts with us with notice periods of varying lengths. If one or more of our customers terminate their contracts with us, whether for convenience, for default in the event of a breach by us, or for other reasons specified in our contracts, as applicable; if our customers elect not to renew their contracts with us; if our customers renew their contractual arrangements with us for shorter contract lengths or for a reduced scope; or if our customers otherwise seek to renegotiate terms of their existing agreements on terms less favorable to us, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. This adverse impact would be even more pronounced for customers that represent a material portion of our revenue or business operations. Our ability to renew or expand our customer relationships may decrease or vary as a result of a number of factors, including our customers’ satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our platforms and services, the frequency and severity of software and implementation errors, our platforms’ reliability, our pricing, the effects of general economic conditions, competitive offerings or alternatives, or reductions in our customers’ spending levels. If our customers do not renew or expand their agreements with 14 Table of Contents us or if they renew their contracts for shorter lengths or on other terms less favorable to us, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline, and our business could suffer. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations would also be adversely affected if we face difficulty collecting our accounts receivable from our customers or if we are required to refund customer deposits. Achieving renewal or expansion of deployments may require us to increasingly engage in sophisticated and costly sales efforts that may not result in additional sales. In addition, our customers’ decisions to expand the deployment of our platforms depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, the functioning of our platforms, the ability of our employees to assist our customers in identifying new use cases, modernizing their data architectures, and achieving success with data-driven initiatives, and our customers’ satisfaction with our services. If our efforts to expand within our existing customer base are not successful, our business may suffer. We may not realize the full deal value of our customer contracts, which may result in lower than expected revenue. As of December 31, 2025, the total remaining deal value, as defined in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Overview—Total Remaining Deal Value, was $11.2 billion. Of our total remaining deal value, as of December 31, 2025, $6.8 billion was the remaining deal value of our contracts with commercial customers and $4.4 billion was the remaining deal value of our contracts with government customers. Many of these contracts are subject to termination for convenience provisions. Additionally, the U.S. federal government is prohibited from exercising contract options more than one year in advance. As a result, there can be no guarantee that our customer contracts will not be terminated or that contract options will be exercised. We historically have not realized all of the revenue from the full deal value of our customer contracts, and we may not do so in the future. This is because the actual timing and amount of revenue under contracts included are subject to various contingencies, including exercise of contractual options, customers not terminating their contracts, renegotiation of contracts, and other macroeconomic factors that may potentially inhibit a customer’s ability to pay. In addition, delays in the completion of the U.S. government’s budgeting process, the use of continuing resolutions, and a potential lapse in appropriations, or similar events in other jurisdictions, have and could in the future adversely affect our ability to timely recognize revenue under certain government contracts. If we are unable to realize all of the revenue from the full deal value of our customer contracts, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we fail to manage future growth effectively, our business could be harmed. Since our founding in 2003, we have experienced rapid growth. We operate in a growing market and have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant expansion of our operations. This growth has placed, and may continue to place, a strain on our employees, management systems, operational, financial, and other resources. As we have grown, we have increasingly managed larger and more complex deployments of our platforms and services with a broader base of government and commercial customers. As we continue to grow, we face challenges of integrating, developing, retaining, and motivating our employee base of 4,429 full-time employees as of December 31, 2025 in various countries around the world. In the event of continued growth of our operations, our operational resources, including our information technology systems, our employee base, or our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations and deployments. Managing our growth may require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable management resources, improving our operational, financial, and management processes and systems, and effectively expanding, training, and managing our employee base. As our organization continues to grow and operate as a public company, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of our traditional company culture, including our ability to quickly respond to customers, and avoid unnecessary delays that may be associated with a formal corporate structure. In addition, our prior rapid growth may make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects. Our ability to forecast our future results of operations is subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to effectively plan for and model future growth. We have encountered in the past, and may encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with global operations in rapidly changing industries. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, or if we are not able to accurately forecast future growth, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be harmed. This could negatively affect our business performance or ability to hire or retain personnel in the near- or long-term. We anticipate our operating expenses will continue to increase and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future. While we remain focused on operating efficiently, we anticipate that our operating expenses will continue to increase in the future. As we continue to expand our business, industry verticals, and the breadth of our operations, upgrade our infrastructure, 15 Table of Contents hire additional employees, expand into new markets, invest in research and development, invest in sales and marketing, lease more real estate to accommodate our anticipated future growth, and incur costs associated with general administration, including expenses related to being a public company, we expect that our costs of revenue and operating expenses will continue to increase. To the extent we are successful in increasing our customer base, we may also incur increased expenses or losses because the costs associated with acquiring and growing our customers and with research and development are generally incurred upfront, while our revenue from customer contracts is generally recognized over the contract term. Furthermore, our sales model has historically required us to spend months and invest significant resources working with customers on pilot deployments at no or low cost to them. Though we have integrated shorter, more cost-effective programs such as bootcamps, these initial deployments (including bootcamps) may result in no or minimal future revenue. We may also encounter unforeseen or unpredictable factors, including adverse macroeconomic conditions, unforeseen operating expenses, or other complications or delays, which may result in increased costs, or cause us to generate less revenue from our customers than we anticipated. We may not be able to continue to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset increases in our costs of revenue and operating expenses in the near term or at all, which would prevent us from maintaining profitability in the future. Any failure by us to maintain or increase profitability in the future or achieve our profitability targets could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our results of operations and our key business measures are likely to fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis in future periods and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business, which makes our future results difficult to predict and could cause our results of operations to fall below expectations. Our quarterly results of operations, including cash flows, have fluctuated significantly in the past and are likely to continue to do so in the future. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our quarterly results, financial position, and operations are likely to fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Fluctuation in quarterly results may also negatively impact the value of our Class A common stock. We typically close a large portion of our sales in the last several weeks of a quarter, which impacts our ability to plan and manage margins and cash flows. Our sales cycle is often long, and it is difficult to predict exactly when, or if, we will actually make a sale with a potential customer, particularly large government and commercial customers. As a result, large individual sales have, in some cases, occurred in quarters subsequent to those we anticipated, or have not occurred at all. The loss or delay of one or more large sales transactions in a quarter would impact our results of operations and cash flow for that quarter and any future quarters in which revenue from that transaction is lost or delayed. In addition, downturns in new sales may not be immediately reflected in our revenue because we generally recognize revenue over the term of our contracts. The timing of customer billing and payment varies from contract to contract. A delay in the timing of receipt of such collections, or a default on a large contract, may negatively impact our liquidity for the period and in the future. Because a substantial portion of our expenses are relatively fixed in the short term and require time to adjust, our results of operations and liquidity would suffer if revenue fell below our expectations in a particular period. Other factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations and financial position include, without limitation, those listed below: • the success of our sales and marketing efforts, including the success of our pilot deployments (including bootcamps); • our ability to increase our contribution margins; • the timing of expenses and revenue recognition, including from changes in accounting assumptions or estimates; • the timing and amount of payments received from our customers; • termination of one or more large contracts by customers, including for convenience; • the time and cost-intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and variability of sales cycles; • the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the development, maintenance, and expansion of our business and operations; • the timing and effectiveness of new sales and marketing initiatives; • changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; • the timing and success of new platforms, products, features, and functionality introduced by us or our competitors; • interruptions or delays in our operations and maintenance (“O&M”) services; • cyberattacks and other actual or perceived data, privacy, cyber, or physical security breaches or incidents, and related expenses; 16 Table of Contents • our ability to hire and retain employees, in particular, those responsible for operations and maintenance of and the selling or marketing of our platforms, and develop and retain talented sales personnel who are able to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time and provide sales leadership in areas in which we are expanding our sales and marketing efforts; • the amount and timing of our stock-based compensation expenses; • the amount and timing of employer payroll taxes related to stock-based compensation resulting from increases in our stock price; • changes in the way we organize and compensate our employees; • changes in the way we operate and maintain our platforms; • unforeseen negative results in operations from our partnerships; • changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry; • the cost of and potential outcomes of existing and future claims or litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business; • changes in laws and regulations that impact our business, such as the FASA or the European Union (“EU”) AI Act (“EU AIA”); • indemnification payments to our customers or other third parties; • ability to scale our business with increasing demands; • the timing of expenses related to any future acquisitions; and • general economic, regulatory, and market conditions, including the impacts of ongoing conflicts, such as those in Russia-Ukraine, and Israel and the broader Middle East, and any related economic sanctions and regional instability, fluctuating interest rates, monetary policy changes, foreign currency fluctuations, or the potential or actual imposition of tariffs or other impacts on trade relations. In addition, many of our contracts contain termination for convenience provisions, and we may be obligated to repay prepaid amounts or otherwise not realize anticipated future revenue should we fail to provide products or future services as anticipated. These factors make it difficult for us to accurately predict financial metrics for any particular period. The variability and unpredictability of our quarterly results of operations, cash flows, or other operating metrics could result in our failure to meet our expectations or those of analysts that cover us or investors with respect to revenue or other key metrics for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the trading price of our Class A common stock could fall, and we could face costly lawsuits. We and certain of our officers and directors were sued in purported class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources. For additional information see Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our results of operations and financial position. Historically, the first quarter of our year generally has relatively lower sales, and sales generally increase in each subsequent quarter with substantial increases during our third and fourth quarters ending September 30 and December 31, respectively. We believe that this seasonality results from a number of factors, including: • the fiscal year end procurement cycle of our government customers, and in particular U.S. government customers which have a fiscal year end of September 30; • the fiscal year budgeting process for our commercial customers, many of which have a fiscal year end of December 31; • seasonal reductions in business activity during the summer months in the United States, Europe, and certain other regions; and • timing of projects and our customers’ evaluation of our work progress. This seasonality has historically impacted and may in the future continue to impact the timing of collections and recognized revenue. Because a significant portion of our customer contracts are typically finalized near the end of the year, and we typically invoice customers shortly after entering into a contract, we may receive a portion of our customer payments near the end of the year and record such payment as an increase in deferred revenue or customer deposits (“contract liabilities”), while the revenue from our customer contracts is generally recognized over the contract term. While we have historically billed and 17 Table of Contents collected payments for multiple contract years from certain customers in advance, we have shifted, and may continue to shift, to collecting