Content
Message from Benoît Potier
and François Jackow

2

Key figures

6

INTEGRATED REPORT

17

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

195

History of the Air Liquide Group

18

Consolidated Financial Statements

197

Business model

21

Statutory accounts on the parent company

265

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

283

Sustainability Statement

284

Complementary information

369

Strategy and objectives

38

Performance

49

Outlook

70

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL
ENVIRONMENT

71

Introduction

72

Risk factors and management measures

72

Control environment

84

Other coverage systems

89

Vigilance Plan

90

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

97

Management and control

98

Governance – Composition, functioning and work
of the Board of Directors and Committees

101

Information concerning members of the Board
of Directors and Executive Management

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

377

Board of Directors’ Report on the resolutions
presented to the Combined General Meeting –
May 5, 2026

378

Resolutions presented for the approval of
the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

385

Statutory Auditors’ reports

397

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

401

Share capital

402

General information

405

126

Information relating to payment deadlines
for suppliers and customers

413

140

Person responsible for the
Universal Registration Document

414

Description of the stock option and performance
share plans

181

Cross-reference table for the Universal
Registration Document

415

Employee savings and share ownership

187

Cross-reference table for the annual Financial
Report

418

Cross-reference table for the Management Report

419

Glossary

422

Ten-year consolidated financial summary

426

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A.
corporate officers

Transactions involving Company shares performed
by Company Officers in accordance with
article L. 621-18-2 of the French Monetary
and Financial Code

191

Factors that may have an impact in the event
of a takeover bid

192

CONTENT

Universal
Registration
Document
INCLUDING THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

This Universal Registration Document has been filed on March 5, 2026 with the AMF, as competent
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, without prior approval pursuant to article 9 of the said regulation.
The Universal Registration Document may be used for the purposes of an offer to the public of securities
or admission of securities to trading on a regulated market if completed by a securities note and, if applicable,
a summary and any amendments to the Universal Registration Document. The whole is approved by the AMF
in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
This Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial Report is a reproduction of the official
version, which has been prepared in ESEF format and is available on the issuer’s website www.airliquide.com.

This document is a non-binding “free” translation from French into English and has no legal value other than
an informative one. Should there be any difference between the French and the English version, only the text
in French language shall be deemed authentic and considered as expressing the exact information published by Air Liquide.
A financial and technical glossary is provided at the end of the document – pages 422 to 425.

VISIT OUR WEBSITE
www.airliquide.com

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

1

MESSAGE FROM BENOÎT POTIER AND FRANÇOIS JACKOW

CONTENT

BENOÎT POTIER
Chairman of the Board
of Directors

FRANÇOIS JACKOW
Chief Executive Officer

2

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

MESSAGE FROM BENOÎT POTIER AND FRANÇOIS JACKOW

“Beyond
its success,
ADVANCE will
have proven above
all that it is possible
to reconcile
performance
with a positive
contribution
to the world.”
— Benoît Potier

In a turbulent global context, how does
Air Liquide stay the course over the long term?
— Benoît Potier. We are undeniably living in a
world undergoing profound reconfiguration, marked
by the regionalization of trade flows, shifts in the
energy landscape, and accelerating technological
change. With this as our backdrop, we must evolve
the way we operate and become even more agile.
Thanks to our ability to adapt, we can capture new
growth opportunities and leverage the
fundamentals reshaping industry today.
Foremost among these fundamentals are
digitizing processes, automating operations,
and electrifying end-uses.
At the same time, I firmly believe it is also
important to stay the course. While our Group
continues to evolve, it does so on the foundations
of its historical strength. These are useful and
continuously renewed innovation, guided by deep
knowledge of our customers’ processes; a strong
local presence, close to key industrial basins; and
a diversified model that enables us to target the
most promising markets.
With solid fundamentals, a clear strategic vision,
and a strong capacity for adaptation, the Group
mobilizes its full potential to navigate a
transforming environment that presents
challenges, but just as many opportunities.

(1)
(2)
(3)

How do you assess the performance
achieved by the Group in 2025, from
a financial and sustainability perspective?
— François Jackow. 2025 has been
a success on every level. Most importantly,
I would highlight our progress regarding safety.
Not only is this a source of pride, but it is above
all an absolute necessity if we are to sustain these
results over time.
More broadly, the Group delivered record
performance. Financially, we brought our indicators
to new heights, in terms of sales growth (+2% (1)),
cash flow (+8% (2)), and operating margin
exceeding 20% (+100 bps). In addition, our
investment backlog, which now stands at 4.9 billion
euros (3), further strengthens our future outlook.
In Electronics, for example, we are a leader
thanks to several major contracts in Asia, Europe
and the United States. In the decarbonization field,
we are delivering large-scale projects, including
the construction of a second 200 MW hydrogen
electrolyzer in Europe. With the acquisition
of DIG Airgas, we are now the reference player
in South Korea, a rapidly growing market. As for
our transformation dynamic, its effects are already
visible, as we have significantly strengthened
our operational efficiencies while better serving
our customers and patients. On the environmental

On a comparable basis: change excluding the currency, energy (natural gas and electricity) and significant scope impacts.
Excluding currency impact.
Includes 0.2 billion euros of investment backlog in South Korea (DIG Airgas integration).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

3

MESSAGE FROM BENOÎT POTIER AND FRANÇOIS JACKOW

CONTENT

To what extent is the carbon trajectory an
integral part of the Group’s strategic direction?
— Benoît Potier. At the initiative of the Board
of Directors, we have placed the carbon trajectory
at the heart of Air Liquide’s strategy. It is a central
pillar of the Group’s innovation approach. The
Board has been able to assess its scope through
exchanges with R&D teams on programs
dedicated to low-carbon solutions. It is also fully
embedded in our investment decisions, ensuring
that new industrial projects are aligned with our
decarbonization ambitions. This trajectory is thus
managed in a structured manner, while remaining
pragmatic in light of the realities of the environment
and markets – whether in terms of renewable
energy availability or regulatory frameworks such
as the EU Emissions Trading System (ETS).
Beyond our own industrial assets, we also act
as a facilitator of an economically viable transition
for our customers, whose demand in this area
remains real. This is reflected in our investment
backlog dedicated to decarbonization.
To what extent does innovation remain
a primary driver in the current context?

front, we reduced our CO₂ emissions by 13%
compared with 2020, and we are maintaining
our carbon trajectory toward 2035.
In short, our Group is strong. And it is becoming
even stronger. This record performance is thanks,
first and foremost, to our teams—who have shown
determination and commitment. They have
my sincere thanks.
— Benoît Potier. These remarkable results
confirm the importance of the strategic framework
we launched in 2022. With ADVANCE, we had
a clear ambition: to combine financial performance
with sustainability commitments. And this approach
has delivered results. The objectives were met and
operational discipline was strengthened to support
profitable and sustainable growth. In the meantime,
the Group accelerated its contribution to industrial
decarbonization, to the strategic semiconductor
sector, and to the transformation of healthcare
systems, through a sustained investment policy
and a strong innovation approach. Beyond its
success, ADVANCE has above all demonstrated
that it is possible to reconcile performance with
a positive contribution to the world.

4

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

— François Jackow. Innovation is the best
antidote to uncertainty, because it reflects a
resolutely optimistic mindset and a willingness
to move forward. Our approach is built around
three principles. Firstly, it involves mastering
our fundamentals, by leveraging our technical
expertise to continuously improve our products
and processes. Secondly, we anticipate and
accelerate, in order to adapt to market
transformations, offer innovative solutions
and bring them rapidly to market. And finally,
it is about usefulness – creating tangible impact
for our customers and patients while contributing
positively to the world.
— Benoît Potier. Innovation is a fundamental
component of the Group. Above all, it is evident
through the development of cutting-edge
technologies in forward-looking fields such
as space, superconductivity and new molecules
for the semiconductor market. Our ability
to innovate extends to CO₂ capture, process
electrification and healthcare, leveraging
technology to respond to the major challenges
of our time. And of course, drawing on our
pioneering spirit and more than 60 years
of expertise in hydrogen, we continue deploying
very large-scale low-carbon hydrogen projects.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

MESSAGE FROM BENOÎT POTIER AND FRANÇOIS JACKOW

Beyond purely technical advances, we also
innovate at every level of the company – for
example by reinventing the way we operate, while
integrating major developments such as artificial
intelligence. This is what enables us to stay ahead.
In your view, what are the main challenges for
2026 and the main ways you will address them?
— François Jackow. Our manufacturing sector
is undergoing multiple transformations: the rise of
China in the global economy; the reshoring
movement aimed at strengthening sovereignties –
particularly in the United States; the wave of
artificial intelligence; and the indispensable
energy transition. That is why, even if the
immediate outlook appears marked by moderate
growth, we remain convinced that new
development avenues are emerging from the
transformations our customers are experiencing.
It is up to us to seize them wherever they arise
and to build our own momentum.
To do so, we are acting according to a strategy
built on several pillars. The first is to better
leverage our existing assets by mobilizing available
production capacities. The second relies on our
ability to support transitions – whether in
manufacturing, energy, technology or digital.
This translates into investments in promising
markets such as semiconductors, batteries, smart
energy systems and space technologies. The final
pillar is strengthening our positions in key
geographies through a targeted acquisition policy –
such as DIG Airgas in South Korea.

At the same time, we are continuing the Group’s
transformation dynamic, initiated two years ago,
to make our organization more agile. This involves
further optimizing our industrial and commercial
operations while reinforcing our
performance culture.
— Benoît Potier. Our challenge is to continue
growing in an economy that is both unstable
and undergoing rapid technological acceleration.
To achieve this, our growth trajectory relies on
two key levers: innovation and a selective
investment policy. Innovation has always been
a source of value creation for the Group, and
it is even more so at a time when technological
sovereignty is becoming increasingly important.
To translate it into industrial reality, investment
is equally essential to deliver large-scale projects
in future-oriented markets and technologies,
particularly in the energy transition. In this area,
the context has evolved and tensions are greater,
but the stakes remain – just as our decarbonization
ambitions do, even if the pathways to achieve them
continue to evolve. Thanks to the commitment of
our teams and supported by the trust and loyalty
of our shareholders – whom I warmly thank –
we will continue, more than ever, to prepare
the future by addressing its challenges with
determination, pragmatism and consistency.

“Innovation is
the best antidote
to uncertainty.”
— François Jackow

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

5

KEY FIGURES

CONTENT

A GLOBAL PRESENCE
2025 GROUP REVENUE BY ACTIVITY
Present in

59 countries (1)
˜

65,000

employees

Large Industries
27%

A world leader
in gas, technologies
and services
for Industry
and Health

26,940
million euros

Industrial Merchant
45%
Healthcare
16%
Electronics
9%

Gas & Services
97%

Engineering
& Technologies
3%

2025 GROUP REVENUE BY REGION AND BY ACTIVITY,
FOR GAS & SERVICES (G&S)
AMERICAS

10,351
million euros

(1)

6

Large
Industries
15%
Industrial
Merchant
69%
Electronics
5%
Healthcare
11%

EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST
& AFRICA

ASIA PACIFIC
Large
Industries
36%
Industrial
Merchant
33%
Electronics
2%
Healthcare
29%

10,616
million euros

5,118
million euros

Large
Industries
33%
Industrial
Merchant
29%
Electronics
35%
Healthcare
3%

Excluding Russia, where the entities are no longer consolidated.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

KEY FIGURES

CONTENT

A WIDE RANGE OF MARKETS
AND A STRONG BUSINESS MODEL
KEY ELEMENTS BY BUSINESS LINE (a)

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

7

KEY FIGURES

CONTENT

REGULAR AND SUSTAINED
PERFORMANCE

TSR

+9.9%

+11.6%

Annual Total Shareholder Return
for a single registered share

over 5 years (a)

over 10 years (b)

(a) At December 31, 2025, for an invested capital since December 31, 2020.
(b) At December 31, 2025, for an invested capital since December 31, 2015.

REVENUE

EPS (a)

CASH FLOW

DIVIDEND (a)

*
Compound Annual Growth Rate.
(a) Adjusted for the 2-for-1 share split in 2007, for attributions of free shares and for a factor of 0.974 reflecting the value of the rights of the capital increase
completed in October 2016.
(b) Calculated according to prevailing accounting rules over 30 years.
(c) Subject to the approval of shareholders during the General Meeting on May 5, 2026.

8

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

KEY FIGURES

CONTENT

STOCK MARKET PERFORMANCE

2021

2022

2023

2024

2025

72 872

69 305

92 378

90 740

92 852

high

128.38

136.91

162.76

177.55

186.64

low

103.06

105.18

122.42

152.25

154.64

126.71

120.36

160.11

156.92

160.26

Market Capitalization at December 31
(in million euros)
Adjusted closing share price (a) (in euros)

At December 31
Net earnings (b) – EPS (in euros)

4.48

4.79

5.35

5.74

6.10

Net Dividend per share (b) – DPS (in euros)

2.75

2.90

2.90

3.30

3.70

Pay-out ratio

55%

58%

56%

59%

63%

Dividend yield
Ex-dividend date

1.9%

2.2%

1.8%

2.1%

2.3%

(c)

May 16, 2022 May 15, 2023 May 20, 2024 May 19, 2025 May 18, 2026

(a) Adjusted following current Euronext regulation.
(b) Data adjusted for attribution of free shares and capital increase.
(c) 2024 Dividend, subject to the approval of Shareholders during the General Meeting on May 5, 2026.

SHARE OWNERSHIP BREAKDOWN AT DECEMBER 31, 2025
Individual
Shareholders
33%
Foreign institutional
investors
54%
French institutional
investors
13%
Treasury
shares
>0%

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

9

KEY FIGURES

CONTENT

ADVANCE
STRATEGIC PLAN
Initial objectives in 2022

Achievements end of 2025

Sales growth
+5-6% CAGR (a)

Growth
+6.1% (a) (c)

ROCE (b)
>10%

by 2023
and forward

CO2
emissions
inflection

ROCE
11.2% (b)

>10% since the end of 2022

around 2025

CO2
2

(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)

-13% (d)

since 2020

Group comparable sales CAGR from year-end 2021 to year-end 2025, at 2021 energy price and FX, excluding significant scope.
Recurring ROCE based on Recurring Net Profit.
Including +2.6% Argentina impact.
Scope 1 and 2 emissions, scope 2 on a "market basis", restated emissions, see chapter 1 – pages 58 and 64 and chapter 5 – page 318 and following.

On March 22, 2022, Air Liquide presented ADVANCE, its strategic plan through 2025 combining financial and extra-financial
performance.
With this plan, the Group took on an ambitious challenge: to continue its profitable growth momentum while meeting its CO2
emissions reduction commitments and investing in the markets of the future.
The three objectives of the strategic plan have been achieved:
■ The compound annual comparable growth rate (CAGR) of the revenue over the 2022-2025 period reached +6.1% (1), in line
with the ADVANCE plan's target of +5% to +6%. It is calculated based on 2021 sales, at the 2021 currency rate and energy price,
excluding the impact of significant scope (acquisition of Sasol’s ASUs and deconsolidation of the Russian subsidiaries).
■ The return on capital employed (ROCE (2)) stood at 11.2% at the end of 2025. The ADVANCE target of a recurring ROCE above
10% from 2023 was achieved as early as the end of 2022, one year ahead of schedule.
■ The ADVANCE objective of reaching an inflection point in absolute CO2 emissions was achieved, following two consecutive years
of significant decline in CO2 emissions in absolute value in 2023 and 2024. In 2025, the trajectory was confirmed, with a further
reduction in emissions (Scopes 1 and 2) of -2.0% compared to 2024 and -13.0% compared to the 2020 baseline.
To achieve these objectives, the Group optimized its capital resources and improved its operating margin. This performance is
based on a dynamic pricing policy, structural efficiencies, and active business portfolio management.
The initial operating margin improvement ambition (excluding the energy impact) of the ADVANCE plan communicated in March 2022
was +160 basis points over 4 years from 2022 to 2025. In February 2024, it was revised upwards to +320 basis points, a doubling of
the initial ambition. At the end of 2025, the operating margin improvement (excluding the energy impact) reached +360 basis
points, over 4 years, from 2022 to 2025.
The total investment decisions from 2022 to 2025 amounted to 16.9 billion euros, exceeding the ADVANCE plan's projection of
16 billion euros over 4 years.

(1)
(2)

10

Including +2.6% Argentina impact.
Recurring ROCE based on Recurring Net Profit.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

KEY FIGURES

CONTENT

2025 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Continuous
growth

Comparable
sales growth

Strong
performance

Recurring
net profit (b)

G&S OIR
margin (a)

130

2%

+

+

10%

8%

+

Recurring
ROCE (d)

11%

>

Investment
backlog (e)

4.9bn

€

Including

+2.5% in Q4

(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)

Cash
flow (c)

+

pbs

Future
growth

ESG - KPIs on track

Improvement of the OIR on Sales ratio excluding energy passthrough.
Excluding FX impact, exceptional & significant transactions.
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in WCR, excluding FX impact – +6% excluding exceptional items.
Recurring ROCE based on Recurring Net Profit.
Including €0.2bn from DIG Airgas.

OIR margin:
a new level reached

Recurring ROCE (b)
after tax

Cumulated 5-year OIR margin improvements
at the energy price of the previous year

+460 bps

11.2%

11
10

+240 bps

9
8

+50 bps

7
6

2012 - 2016 (a)

2017 - 2021

2022 - 2026

2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025

objective ROCE >10%

(a) Excluding the Airgas acquisition scope impact in 2016.
(b) Recurring ROCE based on Recurring Net Profit.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

11

KEY FIGURES

CONTENT

DECARBONIZING THE PLANET
TOWARDS CARBON NEUTRALITY BY 2050
Scopes 1 and 2

~2025

INFLECTION POINT

+

-30% carbon intensity
in kg CO2/€ EBITDA vs 2015

Scopes 1 and 2

2035

REDUCE by 1/3 CO2 emissions

Scopes 1, 2 and 3

2050
2020

CARBON NEUTRALITY

2025

2035

2050

In 2025, the Group’s Scopes 1 and 2 CO2 emissions
are down -13.0% (a)
compared with the 2020 baseline.
The Group’s carbon intensity (b) stood at 4.0, a -46% decrease compared to 2015,
exceeding the reduction target of -30% in 2025.

(a) Scopes 1 & 2 CO2 emissions, Scope 2 “market-based”, restated emissions, see Chapter 1 – pages 58 and 64 and Chapter 5 – page 318 and following.
(b) In kg CO2-equivalent/euro of operating income before depreciation and amortization and excluding IFRS 16 at 2015 exchange rates on Scopes 1 and 2
of greenhouse gas emissions, Scope 2 on a “market-based” methodology, see Chapter 1 – page 64 for the reconciliation.

12

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

KEY FIGURES

CONTENT

UNLOCKING PROGRESS
VIA TECHNOLOGIES
€301 M

320

300

of innovation
spending (2025)

new
patents

innovation
partnerships

A GLOBAL INNOVATION ECOSYSTEM

Energy transition
solutions

Deep Tech
solutions

Semiconductor
solutions

Successful start-up of the world’s first industrial-scale
ammonia cracking pilot unit for hydrogen production.

Air Liquide part of the Supramarine consortium to develop
a superconducting power transmission demonstrator
connecting offshore wind farms to the mainland
with near-zero energy loss.

Start-up of a new Molybdenum manufacturing plant
in Korea to support next-generation semiconductors
with its breakthrough advanced materials offer SubleemTM.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

13

KEY FIGURES

CONTENT

ACTING FOR ALL
Safety

Air Liquide Foundation

record level in 2025
0.4 lost-time accidents per million hours worked,

The frequency rate stood at a

Supports projects in three areas for 15 years:

of

■ Medical research on respiratory disease;
■ Jobs integration, especially with technical positions;

a decrease of -60% compared with 1.0 in 2023.

■ Local solidarity actions.

For the employees and the communities
% OF WOMEN AMONG MANAGERS
AND PROFESSIONALS

% OF EMPLOYEES WITH
ACCESS TO A COMMON BASIS
OF CARE COVERAGE

Continous increase
since 2020

Fully deployed,
one year in advance

Leading the industry

33.8%
2023

Fully deployed

100%

in 2025

2022

% OF EMPLOYEES WITH
ACCESS TO VOLUNTEERING
OPPORTUNITIES THROUGH
THE CITIZEN AT WORK PROGRAM

100%

since 2024

in 2025

2024

2022

2022

2023

2021

2023
2024
Pilot
phase
in 2021

34 %
en 2021

30%
in 2020

Improving the quality of life
of chronic patients at home.
Solid progress, fully aligned
with patients’ expectations

64%

Percentage of patients
with personalized care plans

of patients
with personalized care plan

64%

49%

2022

14

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

2025

AIR LIQUIDE

KEY FIGURES

CONTENT

A COMPANY REWARDED FOR ITS
EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

S&P 100

CDP
Air Liquide mainted A- in Water management and B
in Climate change.

For the fourth year running, Air Liquide has been
included in the Dow Jones Best-in-Class Europe Index
in recognition of its commitment to social
and environmental responsibility.

FTSE

Ecovadis

Air Liquide remains a constituent of the FTSE4Good
index series in 2025.

Air Liquide received the Bronze medal in the 2025 rating,
underscoring the sustained quality of its commitments.

MSCI

ISS

Air Liquide has maintained its A rating.

Air Liquide ranks in the top 20% of companies
in the running, maintaining its ISS “Prime” status.

Sustainalytics
Recognized as “ESG Industry Top Rated”,
Air Liquide received a “low risk” rating.

Ratings obtained in 2025.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

15

CONTENT

16

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

1

Integrated report

HISTORY OF THE AIR LIQUIDE GROUP

18

BUSINESS MODEL

21

Prerequisites to action: safety, ethics
and the respect of Human Rights
Description of the business model
Description of activities
Competition

21
22
24
37

STRATEGY AND OBJECTIVES

38

Ambition
Strategic plan and mid-term objectives
Strategy governance

38
38
43

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

PERFORMANCE

49

Key figures
Income statement
Cash Flow and Balance Sheet
Extra-financial performance
Investment cycle and financing

49
49
56
58
59

Performance indicators
Innovation
Appendix

62
66
69

OUTLOOK

70

AIR LIQUIDE

17

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

History of the Air Liquide Group

HISTORY OF THE AIR LIQUIDE GROUP
Air Liquide, a world leader in gases, technologies and services for industry and health, has been building its leadership since 1902.

1902-1960

1960-2000

ORIGIN

SPACE INDUSTRY

Air Liquide was born in 1902 from innovation and the encounter
between two men: Georges Claude, inventor of an industrial
process for the production of oxygen from liquid air, and Paul
Delorme, a visionary entrepreneur.

Convinced of the industrial potential of cryogenics, Jean Delorme,
Chairman & CEO of Air Liquide, decided to create a research
center dedicated to these technologies. This center was founded
in 1962 near Grenoble in France. The first applications were
rapidly integrated in the space industry and ever since Air Liquide
has been a key partner of the space adventure.

FIRST INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENTS
Gas, by its very nature, is difficult to transport and thus local
production is required. This was one of the reasons why
Air Liquide set its sites internationally early on, building numerous
production units abroad. Development was rapid in Europe
(1906), Japan (1907), Canada (1911) and the United States
(1916).

LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE
The critical role played by Shareholders became evident in the
first years of the Company’s development. Listed on the Paris
Stock Exchange in 1913, the share celebrated its hundredth year
of listing in 2013. During these 100 years, Air Liquide has
endeavored to forge a strong and privileged relationship with its
Shareholders based on exceptional stock market performance,
with an average annual increase in its share price of +11.9%.

REVOLUTIONARY DISTRIBUTION METHODS
In the 1950s Air Liquide put in place new ways to distribute
industrial gases.

A TRADITION OF INVENTIONS
The Claude Delorme Research Center, located on the Saclay
plateau and now called the Innovation Campus Paris, was created
in 1970. The research center’s work is focused on enhancing gas
production technologies and their applications. It is evidence of
the Group’s desire to better understand the industrial processes of
its customers and develop new gas applications to better satisfy
their requirements. Today, the Group also has Innovation
Campuses in Europe (Germany, France), North America (USA)
and Asia (China, Japan).

A NEW MARKET: ELECTRONICS
In Japan, the Group began in 1985 to supply ultra-high purity
gases to the semiconductor industry: this involves carrier gases,
mainly nitrogen, used to transport the specialty gases and keep
the chip production tools inert, and specialty gases that are used
directly in the manufacturing of semiconductors. In 1987,
Air Liquide inaugurated the Tsukuba Research Center in Japan,
which is dedicated to the electronics industry.

Storing gas in liquid form in cryogenic tanks allows vast quantities
to be transported by road or rail within a radius of approximately
200-250 km from the production site.

MAJOR ACQUISITION

By delivering gas to several customers through pipelines,
Air Liquide adopted a network strategy for the first time, linking its
gas production units to one another. The Group increased its
production capacity to meet soaring demand from large industries:
firstly, for oxygen in the steel industry, and secondly, for nitrogen
in chemicals. This marked the start-up of the Large Industries
business.

EXTENDED OFFERING: HYDROGEN
AND STEAM

The Group acquired Big Three in the United States in 1986, a
Large Industries business with a significant pipeline network along
the Gulf Coast.

In addition to oxygen and nitrogen, Air Liquide extended its
offering to hydrogen and steam in the 90s. To ensure the success
of this new offering, the Group used its business model, which is
behind the success of its air gas business, and deployed from the
beginning a basin strategy.

HEALTHCARE
Originally an oxygen supplier to hospitals, Air Liquide became a
specialist in the healthcare sector. The Group launched its Home
Healthcare business in the 1990s and set up a dedicated network
of specialist teams. Medical gases were progressively classified
as drugs and manufacturers were required to file market
authorizations. The Group also launched research programs in
therapeutic gases, used for resuscitation and pain relief.

18

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

INTEGRATED REPORT
History of the Air Liquide Group

2000-2020
INTERNATIONAL EXPANSION
The Group invested massively in China in the early 2000s; the
country has been a major growth market for industrial gases and
Air Liquide entered into numerous air gas contracts.
The Group acquired part of Messer Griesheim’s activities in
Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States.

ORGANIZATION BY BUSINESS LINE
The Air Liquide growth drivers for the coming decades are based
on changing lifestyles: industrial growth of developing economies,
increasing energy needs and environmental challenges,
healthcare and high technology. To capture this growth, the Group
created a new organizational structure based on four World
Business Lines. They combine the technical and operational
expertise which are specific to each of the businesses of the
Group – Large Industries, Industrial Merchant, Healthcare and
Electronics – and centralize the specific market expertise.
Conscious of the strategic dimension of Engineering &
Construction capabilities, the Group acquired Lurgi in 2007. This
company provides Air Liquide with major proprietary technologies,
notably hydrogen and carbon monoxide production units, adding
to the Group’s historical competencies in cryogenics.

RESILIENCE IN AN UNPRECEDENTED CRISIS
Affected by a global economic crisis of unprecedented magnitude
in 2008 and 2009, the Group focused its efforts on the
management of its cash, costs, and investments (capital
expenditures). Having tested the solidity of its long-term contracts,
Air Liquide demonstrated the relevance and resilience of its
business model. In a context of global recession, the Group
showed itself to be an exception, posting a stable net profit while
preserving the strength of its balance sheet.

INNOVATION AND HYDROGEN
Innovation is central to Air Liquide’s strategy. In 2013, Air Liquide
launched two initiatives to promote open innovation: i-LAB
(innovation Lab) and ALIAD, the Group’s capital venture entity to
take minority investments in innovative technology start-ups. In
2014, the Group decided on new investments such as the
modernization of the Research Center near Versailles, on the
Saclay plateau, and the launch of a technical Center of
Excellence for cryogenic production technologies.
In addition, on a worldwide scale, Air Liquide actively contributes
to the development of the hydrogen energy activity by supporting
automotive manufacturers launching Fuel Cell Electric Vehicles on
the market. Air Liquide contributes to the construction of hydrogen
refueling stations (United States, Japan, France, Germany,
Belgium, Denmark, the Netherlands, Korea, China, etc.).

AIRGAS ACQUISITION BY AIR LIQUIDE
AND NEOS PROGRAM
On May 23, 2016, Air Liquide completed the acquisition of the
American company Airgas and took a new dimension. This
acquisition was complementary to the Group’s businesses in the
United States and enabled Air Liquide to be present across all
market segments both upstream of and downstream to the US
market; this integration has created significant value.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The Group realized more than 300 million US dollars of synergies
through this acquisition. Moreover, Airgas’ model, in terms of
products, digitization of businesses, and business model, has
been spread outside the United States.
With this acquisition, Air Liquide strengthens its position in the
United States, the largest industrial gas market worldwide. This
market also enjoys the strongest growth among advanced
economies.
Following this acquisition Air Liquide published its new mid-term
Company program, NEOS, on July 6, 2016. Its strategy for
profitable growth over the long term is that of a customer-centric
transformation. It is based on operational excellence and the
quality of its investments, on open innovation and the network
organization already implemented by the Group worldwide.

CREATION OF THE GLOBAL MARKETS
& TECHNOLOGIES BUSINESS
To step up the development of offerings in new markets, the
Group created in 2016 the Global Markets & Technologies
business, responsible for developing new activities in the field of
energy transition and deep tech, by leveraging technologies.

REFOCUSING
ON GAS & SERVICES BUSINESSES
Following the divestiture of its Aqua Lung (diving) and Air Liquide
Welding (welding) subsidiaries in 2017, Air Liquide focused on its
Gas & Services businesses. After these divestitures, the share of
Gas & Services revenue in Group sales increased from 90% in
2015 to 96% in 2018.

ENERGY TRANSITION
AND CLIMATE OBJECTIVES
For many years now, Air Liquide has been committed to
sustainable growth aimed, in particular, to limit its CO2 emissions
and those of its customers. On November 30, 2018, Air Liquide
announced its climate objectives, in particular a -30% reduction in
its carbon intensity between 2015 and 2025, with a global approach
that includes its assets, its customers, and its ecosystems. These
objectives are the most ambitious in the sector and are in line with
the NEOS company program. In this respect, the Global Markets &
Technologies activity is stepping up sales to energy transitionrelated markets, driven by the biomethane sector and the first
developments in hydrogen mobility.

FINALIZATION OF THE INTEGRATION
OF AIRGAS AND STRENGTHENING
OF THE GROUP’S EFFICIENCY PROGRAM
At the beginning of 2019, Air Liquide reached its target of
300 million US dollars in synergies, thanks to the integration of
Airgas, more than a year before initially planned. With the
integration complete, Airgas joined the Group’s efficiency program
and contributes to increasing the annual target for efficiencies.
The Group efficiencies target was initially set at 300 million euros
and was revised up, to more than 400 million euros, as of 2019.
Moreover, a program aimed to promote the sharing of the Airgas
model has allowed close to 100 Group managers to immerse
themselves in Airgas operations, and to step up the sharing of its
best practices with other Group regions.

AIR LIQUIDE

19

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

History of the Air Liquide Group

INCREASING IMPORTANCE
OF NEW HYDROGEN MARKETS
In 2019, Air Liquide announced the construction in Canada of the
largest Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) electrolyzer in the
world, aimed to produce hydrogen using hydro-power for industry
and mobility usages. The Group invested in a hydrogen
production and liquefaction unit for the west coast of the United
States and worked with its Steel customers to decarbonize steel
production using hydrogen.

2020-2025
MOBILIZATION OF THE GROUP
AGAINST COVID-19
The Healthcare teams were highly mobilized to cope with the
increasing demand for medical oxygen, supply equipment such as
ventilators for hospitals, ensure stabilized patients can return
home and guarantee chronic patients are continually monitored.
In a context of global health and economic crisis, the Group has
once again proven its resilience. This crisis has also highlighted
the contribution of the Group’s activities to society as well as the
commitment of its employees.

ACT FOR A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE
In March 2021, the Group strengthened all of its sustainable
development goals by detailing them around three axes.
First, to ACT for a low-carbon society, in line with the Paris
Agreement, by setting a target of carbon neutrality by 2050, with two
major intermediate steps: the start of the reduction in its CO2
emissions in absolute value around 2025 and a -33% decrease in
its CO2 emissions from Scopes 1 and 2 by 2035 compared to 2020.
Air Liquide acted for climate, by initiating projects and partnerships
for the decarbonization of industrial and mobility activities, and by
announcing its participation in the largest fund dedicated to clean

20

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

hydrogen infrastructure. The Group also acquired Sasol air
separation units in South Africa and a TotalEnergies steam methane
reformer in France while committing to a very significant decrease of
their CO2 emissions.
Second, CARE for patients by improving the quality of life of
patients with chronic diseases in mature economies and
facilitating access to medical oxygen in low- and middle-income
countries. Already in place in Senegal, the initiative allows access
to medical oxygen to rural communities and its deployment has
started in South Africa.
And third, TRUST as the base to engage with employees and to
build the best-in-class governance.

STRATEGIC PLAN: ADVANCE
In March 2022, Air Liquide announced ADVANCE (see page 38),
its new strategic plan for 2025. It placed sustainable development
at the heart of its strategy and combined financial and extrafinancial performance. With a strong business model which has
proven its resilience, with its innovation capacity and its
technological know-how, the Group is particularly well positioned
to continue its growth and profitability trajectory while contributing
to respond efficiently to major economic, environmental and
societal challenges.

TRANSFORMATION PROGRAM
Capitalizing on its ADVANCE strategic plan, Air Liquide launched
a new multi-year transformation program for the Group in 2024 to
foster agility, accelerate decision-making and improve
performance. This plan is structured around four main initiatives:
the simplification of the organization, the extension of the Global
Business Services centers, industrial and commercial initiatives.
This transformation program aims to effectively meet the evolving
needs and expectations of customers and employees.

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

BUSINESS MODEL
1. Prerequisites to action: safety, ethics
and the respect for Human Rights

PREREQUISITES TO ACTION
Before any decisions are made and during the roll-out of its projects,
Air Liquide ensures that three key principles are applied as
an integral part of its operational excellence, with no exceptions
across any of its business areas:

SAFETY

ETHICS

HUMAN RIGHTS

A zero-accident ambition

A program of
actions focusing
on employees

Respect for
Human Rights

Safety is the fundamental value
of the Air Liquide Group.
The commitment to safety
is total, visible and
supported by unwavering
vigilance.

Individual
safety

Road
safety

Ensuring integrity
and transparency
in all our operations.

Respecting and
promoting Human
Rights in our operations
around the world.

Process
safety

OUR ACTIONS
Life-Saving Rules
that apply to everyone;
compliance is mandatory
and monitored.

Training
in safety “leadership”
and risk prevention
for employees
and partners.

Code of Conduct
- Available in 28 languages,
- Mandatory training for
100% of employees,
- Individual adherence to
the Code required annually.

Dedicated structure:
- Ethics and Compliance
Committee,
- Ethics Officers,
- Control and Compliance
Department.

The IMS (industrial management
system), which has been in

place for the last 20 years, is
regularly audited and updated
for effective and harmonized
management of the safety and
reliability of Group operations.

Mandatory training
in local customs,
regulations and Code
of Conduct.

Respect for the
fundamental standards
International Bill
of Human Rights.
International Labour
Organization Declaration
on Fundamental Principles
and Rights at Work.
United Nations Guiding
Principles on Business
and Human Rights.
OECD Guidelines
for Multinational
Enterprises.

Voluntary commitments
United Nations
Global Compact.

Introduction of the latest
on-board vehicle driver
assistance technologies
to prevent road risks.

Whistleblowing systems
enabling each employee or third
party to report policy breaches
(anonymously if they wish to).

Continuous improvement
and excellence regarding
environment, health and
safety in the chemicals sector.

Further information on the prerequisites for action is available in the Sustainability Statement (Chapter 5 – page 283).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

21

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

2. Description of the business model (1)
PROFILE

Inventor of the future, Air Liquide has contributed to the world’s development since 1902 thanks
to the power of science. Oxygen, hydrogen, nitrogen, etc., these molecules are everywhere today,
at the heart of our lives. A world leader in gases, technologies and services for industry and health,
the Group creates and develops innovative solutions based on technology and scientific expertise
to support industry and health in its march towards progress. It acts on a daily basis for its customers,
its patients and beyond to be useful to society. It invents a future where responsible growth can benefit
all, for a sustainable future.

Strategic plan
for 2025

RESOURCES
& ASSETS

Resources

• Air
• Electricity, including
low-carbon and renewable
electricity
• Natural Gas
• Biomethane
• Water

Plants and equipment
for Industry, the Energy
Transition and Deep Tech

~ 65,000 employees

(for the Group or for third
party customers)

Carbon capture2 (1)
customer

> 4 million customers
and patients

~ 80,000 suppliers
~ 970,000 Shareholders
~ 300 technological
N2

and industrial partnerships
CO2 sequestration

> 600 production units

CO2 capture

> 20 million cylinders

SMR (2)

~ 10,000 trucks

Electrolyzer
Filling center

ASU (3)

6 Innovation and
Technologies Campuses

Gas cylinder
customer

~ 14,000 patents

Liquid gas
customer

65.7 TWh of energy
83.6 Mm3 of water
consumed

Hydrogen mobility
customer
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)

Carbon Capture: for hard-to-abate sectors to decarbonize their activities.
SMR: hydrogen production unit (steam methane reformer).
ASU: air gases production unit (air separation unit).
On-site: small gas generator on the customer site.
Air Liquide's model is designed so that gases are packaged and distributed in a given geographical area,
around 250 km maximum from the production site.

PREREQUISITES
TO ACTION
(1)

22

SAFETY

ETHICS

HUMAN

ESRS 2 SBM-1 § 42.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

DELIVERING
financial performance

DECARBONIZING
the planet

UNLOCKING
progress via technologies

ACTING
for all

VALUE
CREATION

Electronics
customer

Financial
performance (a)

Carrier gases
N2, O2, H2, Ar, He

Advanced materials
production center

Revenue:

26.9 billion euros
+5.8% on average over 30 years

Refining
customer

Cash flow (b):

6.9 billion euros

Chemicals
customer

+7.2% on average over 30 years
Filling center

Steel
customer

Adjusted dividend per share:

+9.2% on average over 30 years

Environment
■ Carbon neutrality by 2050

■ Carbon trajectory validated
by SBTi
■ Emission 34.2 Mt in 2025
-13.0% compared with 2020
baseline (scopes 1 & 2)

ASU (3)

“On-site” (4)
customer

Hospital

Patient
at home

Gas & Services
Approx. 250 km (5)

■ Record level of 0.4 accident
frequency rate

■

Healthcare
clinic

Filling center

Society

Large Industries

Healthcare

Industrial Merchant

Electronics

100% of employees benefit
from a common basis of care
coverage

■ Highest diversity in its sector

■ More than 600 projects
supported by the Air Liquide
Foundation since its creation

Engineering &
Technologies

RIGHTS

(a) Data calculated according to prevailing accounting rules over 30 years. Adjusted
dividend per share to take into account the two-for-one share split in 2007, for free
share attributions and for a factor of 0.974 reflecting the value of the preferential
subscription rights of the capital increase completed in October 2016.
(b) Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

23

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

3. Description of activities (1)
The Group’s activities are distinguished into Gas & Services and
the Engineering & Technologies. They serve one unique business,
that of industrial gases. The four business lines comprising the
Gas & Services activities are closely tied by a strong industrial
mindset where proximity is key. The diagram on page 25
illustrates the sharing of production or distribution assets between
the different business lines for a given geographic region. This
efficient industrial network and its proximity with its customers
allow Air Liquide to:
■ improve reliability;

2025 GROUP REVENUE BY ACTIVITY

Large Industries
27%

26,940
million euros

■ optimize energy consumption, costs and logistics flow;
■ understand changes in the markets;
The strong integration of the various World Business Lines thus
allows the Group to create synergies, become stronger and grow
while creating long-term value.

The Strength of Air Liquide’s model
In Large Industries, whose customers are primarily in the Steel,
Chemical, and Refining industries, the offtake of gas is contracted
for a duration of at least 15 years, and includes take-or-pay
clauses which guarantee a minimum level of revenue. To be noted
that the energy cost is contractually reinvoiced to customers.
Industrial Merchant is characterized by the broad diversity of its
markets, customers, and regions, which is the result of strategic
targeting and which reinforces the resilience of the business line.
Sales include a significant share of fixed revenue from providing
equipment to customers' sites (notably cylinders and vessels for
bulk gases).
Healthcare benefits by marked societal trends (longer life
expectancy, development of chronic diseases, etc.), which ensure
growth in demand independently of economic cycles.
The development of the semiconductor industry with its numerous
digital applications supports growth in Electronics, an industry
presenting a strong momentum.
As part of the Group’s transformation initiatives, the Engineering &
Construction and Global Markets & Technologies activities
merged on January 1, 2025 to form a new business unit
Engineering & Technologies (E&T) (2). Under a single
management, with a common vision and objectives, this new
organization aims to strengthen the operational performance of
the Group and contribute to its growth by providing a more
integrated innovation cycle, leveraging the size effect and
complementary expertise. This business unit brings together Air
Liquide’s expertise in technology, engineering, construction,
project development, manufacturing, and project execution to
design and deliver leading industrial solutions such as gas
production units and advanced equipment.

(1)
(2)
(3)

24

Healthcare
16%
Electronics
9%

■ anticipate customers’ needs;
■ and offer innovative solutions.

Industrial Merchant
45%

Gas & Services
97%

Engineering
& Technologies
3%

The solutions offered by the business lines to sustainable
development, of today or the future, especially in the energy
transition domain, reinforce the Group’s growth and resilience.
The Group’s capacity to innovate enables it to continuously
improve its current offerings by integrating new technologies and
new ways of working to boost operational excellence and future
growth. Air Liquide therefore draws on its internal and external
innovation ecosystems to develop differentiating solutions for its
customers and patients and open up new markets. Innovation
contributes to the Group’s sustainable growth.
Moreover, through its various World Business Lines, the Group
serves more than 4 million customers and patients in a variety of
industries and across a wide range of regions, which provides
high resistance to economic cycles. These characteristics, which
are inherent to the industrial and healthcare gas business,
reinforce the strength of the business model.
The Group’s products (3) and services are used in all industrial
markets and in Healthcare. It should be noted that Air Liquide is not
directly active in the exploration, extraction, refining, or distribution
of liquid or gaseous fossil fuels with the exception of marginal sales
(below the thresholds provided for in Regulation (EU) 2020/1818)
of compressed natural gas for customers in mobility. In addition,
Air Liquide does not sell products falling within division 20.2 of
Annex I to Regulation (EC) No 1893/2006 concerning
agrochemicals and pesticides. Finally, Air Liquide neither produces
controversial weapons nor cultivates or produces tobacco.

ESRS 2 SBM-1 § 40 (a), ESRS 2 SBM-1 § 42.
Certain activities, mainly Biomethane and Maritime, were transferred from the Global Markets & Technologies business to the Industrial Merchant business.
ESRS 2 SBM-1 § 40 (d).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

ENGINEERING & TECHNOLOGIES

DESIGNING INDUSTRIAL GAS
PRODUCTION UNITS
FOR AIR LIQUIDE AND
THIRD-PARTY CUSTOMERS

THIRD-PARTY CUSTOMERS

LARGE INDUSTRIES
CHEMICALS
REFINING & ENERGY
METALS

Centralized
production

On-site
production at customers

AIR SEPARATION UNITS,
HYDROGEN AND CARBON
MONOXIDE PRODUCTION UNITS

LARGE QUANTITIES by pipelines

INDUSTRIAL MERCHANT
FABRICATION & CONSTRUCTION
ENERGY, MATERIALS & CHEMICALS
FOOD & PHARMA
ENTREPRENEURS & PROFESSIONALS
TECHNOLOGY & RESEARCH

HEALTHCARE
MEDIUM QUANTITIES by tanker trailers

HOSPITALS
HOME HEALTHCARE
SPECIALTY
INGREDIENTS

SMALL QUANTITIES in cylinders

ELECTRONICS
SEMICONDUCTORS
FLAT PANELS
PHOTOVOLTAIC

3.1. GAS & SERVICES
The Gas & Services businesses include four World Business
Lines to better support changes and meet the needs of the
various markets: Large Industries, Industrial Merchant,
Healthcare, and Electronics.
To maintain economically viable distribution costs, industrial gas
production must be local. Therefore, Air Liquide gas production
units are located throughout the world and can supply many types
of customers and industries with the relevant volumes and
services required. Air Liquide’s structure is made up of corporate
functions, in Paris, and of groups of countries under the
supervisions of an Executive Committee member depending on
their geographical location (Americas, Europe Middle East &
Africa and Asia Pacific).
■ Large Industries supplies industrial gases by operating major
production units. It serves customers in the metals, chemicals,
refining and energy sectors where high gas volumes call for a
dedicated plant or the development of a pipeline network.
Large Industries also supplies the Group’s other business lines
with gases which are then packaged and delivered to their
respective customers.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

■ Industrial Merchant supplies a wide range of different gases,
application equipment and associated services. It serves
industries and professionals that require smaller quantities
than Large Industries’ customers. Gas can be distributed in
bulk, in liquid form, or in cylinders, in gaseous form, for smaller
quantities. Finally, small production units can be installed
locally for customers with larger gas needs, or in remote areas.
■ Healthcare supplies medical gases, equipment and services
to hospitals and also directly to patients in their homes. It also
produces and distributes healthcare specialty ingredients for
the cosmetics, pharmaceutical, vaccine and nutrition markets.
■ Electronics supplies gases, materials (complex molecules)
used in manufacturing processes, as well as equipment and
services mainly used for the production of semiconductors, but
also flat screens and photovoltaic panels.

AIR LIQUIDE

25

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW, BUSINESS MODEL
AND INDUSTRIAL PROCESSES
a. Business overview
The Large Industries business line supplies gas and energy
solutions to customers in the metals, chemicals, refining and
energy industries, which are essential for their own core
businesses, to improve process efficiency and to make their
plants more environmentally friendly. The Large Industries
business line provides oxygen, nitrogen, argon, hydrogen and
carbon monoxide through its plants and its pipeline network. The
Group also operates cogeneration plants to supply customers with
steam and electricity.
A world leader in this sector, Air Liquide benefits from rigorous
investment selection and project execution processes as well as
the expertise of its project development teams. The Engineering &
Technologies teams also support the Large Industries business
line. The largest Large Industries customers are looked after by
key account managers who have in-depth knowledge of
customers’ businesses, as well as of their projects, industrial
processes and global structure. This allows Large Industries to
maintain close contact with its customers, thus improving the
Group’s responsiveness and competitiveness in terms of meeting
their needs.

million euros

c. Large Industries industrial processes
The resources necessary for the production of industrial gases
vary according to the type of gas and the location of the
production unit. The production of oxygen and nitrogen requires
air and a large quantity of electricity. Cogeneration units consume
natural gas and water. Reforming units which produce hydrogen
and carbon monoxide mainly consume natural gas and little
electricity. Air Liquide is also developing its production of lowcarbon hydrogen by electrolysis, which requires low-carbon
electricity and water.

Air gases production (ASU: Air Separation Unit)

Air gases
53%
Hydrogen and
Carbon monoxide
37%

Hydrogen and carbon monoxide production through
steam reforming (SMR: Steam Methane Reformer)

Cogeneration
steam and electricity
9%
Other
1%

* 27% of Group’s revenue.

b. Business model
The supply of gas is generally contracted for 15 years. For certain
projects, this can be extended to 20 years and beyond. The
signing of new contracts for new industrial customers’ sites is a
strong predictor of future growth. Within these contracts, the
Group guarantees long-term service continuity and a high level of
reliability with respect to the gas supply via a high-performing
industrial solution. In return, long-term gas supply contracts
include guaranteed minimum volumes through take-or-pay
clauses, as well as the indexation to variable costs (mainly for
electricity and natural gas) and to inflation.

26

Large Industries is at the heart of the energy transition, which
creates major growth opportunities with the supply of low-carbon
gases as well as new modes of process and solutions for the
customers’ CO2 emissions reduction.

An Air Separation Unit (ASU) compresses, liquefies and distills air
in order to separate it into its different components: 78% nitrogen,
21% oxygen, 1% argon and noble gases (neon, krypton and
xenon). Only certain large ASUs can produce these noble gases.
The ASUs do not emit CO2 directly but electricity consumption is
significant. A simplified diagram of an ASU operation is presented
on page 35.

2025 LARGE INDUSTRIES REVENUE BY PRODUCT

7,110*

The use of industrial gases is critical for the various industrial
processes of Large Industries’ customers. As any discontinuity in
supply translates into an interruption of the customer’s production
operations, supply reliability and safety are crucial. However,
although vital, gas supply generally represents a very small part of
total production cost for the customer.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

By steam reforming natural gas, an SMR produces hydrogen and
carbon monoxide. The most significant raw material is natural
gas; electricity and water consumption is modest. A simplified
diagram of hydrogen production by reforming is presented on
page 36. Air Liquide has developed a portfolio of CO2 capture
solutions adapted to SMR, allowing their greenhouse gas
emissions to be very significantly reduced.

Hydrogen production through electrolysis
Hydrogen production through electrolysis is based on the
dissociation of water molecules (H2O) using electricity, to extract
hydrogen and oxygen molecules. This process produces
hydrogen without using or emitting carbon-based molecules. It
can be used to produce low-carbon hydrogen for industry and
mobility, as well as for energy storage. A simplified diagram of
hydrogen production through electrolysis is presented on page 35.

Cogeneration
Cogeneration consists of simultaneously and efficiently producing
electricity and steam generally by consuming natural gas and
water. The electricity is used by an Air Liquide plant or sold on the
local network. The steam is required for certain industrial
processes. This type of unit emits CO2 directly.

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

GAS SEPARATION TECHNOLOGIES FOR THE CAPTURE AND USE OF CO2
Air Liquide’s portfolio of technologies also includes separation and gas capture technologies. Based on cryogenic distillation,
adsorption, absorption, or separation membranes, these technologies are used to capture the carbon dioxide generated by Air Liquide’s
industrial processes and those of its customers. Air Liquide proposes to its customers CO2 capture as a service on a typical Large
Industries contract basis. These solutions can be installed, for example, at hydrogen production units, petrochemical facilities, or
cement plants. Captured carbon dioxide is then permanently sequestered in geological storage facilities or used in the customer’s
processes, such as the treatment of alkaline water, or used by Industrial Merchant customers, to produce carbonated beverages, to
package food in a protective atmosphere, or to prepare welding gas mixtures.

2. LARGE INDUSTRIES KEY FIGURES
■ > 300 large air separation units;
■ > 50 hydrogen and/or carbon monoxide production units;
■ > 9,500 km of pipeline networks;
■ > 10 cogeneration plants.

3. CUSTOMERS AND MARKETS
The chemicals industry uses mainly oxygen, hydrogen and
carbon monoxide in its manufacturing processes, as well as
nitrogen to inert its installations.
The refining industry requires hydrogen for various processes,
in particular to desulfurize fuels and crack hydrocarbons. Stricter
regulations to reduce fuel pollutant emissions and the use of
heavier hydrocarbons are contributing to the increase in demand
for hydrogen. The production of sustainable fuels requires larger
quantities of hydrogen than the production of traditional fuels. In
addition, some regulations require the use of renewable
feedstocks, such as renewable hydrogen, in fuel production.
In the metals industry, Air Liquide supplies large volumes of
oxygen to steel producers notably, the use of which improves their
energy performance and significantly reduces their CO2

emissions. The majority of new projects are currently located in
emerging economies. To propose to its customers solutions
enabling carbon emission reduction, Group is also partnering with
steel industry customers to develop innovative solutions involving
renewable or low-carbon hydrogen for Direct Reduced Iron (DRI)
production plants and carbon capture technologies.
Numerous industries linked to energy or chemicals use large
quantities of oxygen to transform coal, natural gas, or liquid
hydrocarbons into syngas for the production of chemical products,
synfuel, or electricity.
To meet customer requirements, the supply of large quantities of
gas is critical. Air Liquide supplies its customers directly by pipelines
from a dedicated plant or different plants linked by a network.
Air Liquide has built its pipeline networks progressively over the last
40 years. With a total length of more than 9,500 kilometers
(6,200 miles), these networks stretch, for example, across Northern
Europe, from Rotterdam through to Dunkirk, and along the Gulf
Coast in the United States from Lake Charles (Louisiana) to Corpus
Christi (Texas) as well as along the Mississippi River in Louisiana.
Many other mid-size local networks have also been built in other
significant industrial basins in particular in Germany, Italy,
Singapore, Korea and China.

KEY POINTS
The Large Industries business line depends on long-term contracts (minimum of 15 years), which include take-or-pay clauses and offer
considerable visibility of future revenue and protection in the event of a significant fall in customer volume consumption (below the
minimum take-or-pay level). Sales prices in Large Industries contracts are indexed, in particular, to energy and inflation costs. The long
investment cycle and high capital intensity require a solid balance sheet. The signing of new contracts is a strong predictor of future
growth.
Air Liquide develops a pipeline network strategy in the industrial basins in order to provide customers with greater supply reliability while
optimizing operating costs. This strategy allows the pooling of production assets and generates scale and energy savings, on the overall
Air Liquide network as well as for its customers.
By developing its capacity to deliver low-carbon industrial gases to its customers and other Group businesses, by allowing industrial
processes decarbonization, and by offering carbon capture as a service, Large Industries is crucial for the energy transition and the
Group’s decarbonization strategy.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

27

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW, BUSINESS MODEL
AND SUPPLY MODES

customers’ sites is covered by a fixed monthly fee. The wide
range of markets, customers, and regions in which the Group is
present reinforces the resilience of this business line.

a. Business overview
The Industrial Merchant business line is, by its nature, a highly
local business, which provides more than two million customers
with industrial gases, equipment, hardgoods, and associated
services.
Industrial Merchant provides gas using the supply mode best
adapted to customers’ needs: either via a small on-site production
unit for customers with major volume requirements, or in liquid
form distributed by trucks for medium-scale quantities, or in
cylinders for smaller volumes and use on construction sites.
Around 95% of Industrial Merchant’s customer base is small
customers who favor simplicity, flexibility and quality of service:
they mainly order cylinder gas and hardgoods.
The Industrial Merchant activity serves a wide variety of markets,
often essential to life. It constantly invents new applications for its
molecules that address the challenges of energy transition but
also the challenges of new uses and markets and that contribute
to improving the operational efficiency of its customers. The
Industrial Merchant business manages a significant amount of
data from the large number of assets used in operations along
with the diversity of markets and customers. Digital transformation
and data analysis, therefore, play a predominant role in improving
operational efficiency, price management, and the quality of the
services provided to customers.

2025 INDUSTRIAL MERCHANT REVENUE BY END MARKET

The Industrial Merchant (IM) business line is integrated in the
industrial basins and firmly grounded in local economic life.
This local base is strengthened by economic constraints which
limit the radius of gas distribution to some 250 kilometers around
a production site. One of the strengths of Industrial Merchant is
being able to identify high-potential areas and establish a site by
developing synergies with Large Industries’ network of plants or
by investing in dedicated units. While permeating the local
economy, the Industrial Merchant business line has expanded its
operations internationally in about 50 countries, thus
strengthening the business line’s resilience. This regional diversity
is based on a strategy of targeted investments and the regular
optimization of portfolios.
A permanent focus on geographic density within the industrial
basins is a key success factor thanks to the synergies that this
generates, in particular in terms of logistics. In addition to the
business development of a basin, the acquisition of local
distributors and their portfolio of customers also helps improve
this density, in particular in markets that are still fairly fragmented
such as the United States and China.

c. Supply methods
* 45% of Group’s revenue.

b. Business model
A large share of Industrial Merchant sales is covered by contracts
with terms of up to five years for cylinders and liquid gas supply
and up to 15 years for small on-site gas generators. These
contracts generally include gas supply, the reliable and safe
delivery of products and the provision by the Group of equipment
at customers’ sites, the provision of a service, as well as the
indexation of the sales price to different variables such as inflation
and energy prices. The provision of cylinders or tanks on

28

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

On page 30, the diagram shows the different supply modes
used in Industrial Merchant. Strong operational discipline is
applied across the value chain (supply, packaging, distribution)
and is an essential part of Air Liquide’s integrated model. Coupled
with new digital tools, this allows the Group to optimize the use of
its resources in real time (plants, trucks, energy, etc.) to improve
the competitiveness of its products and services for customers
and reduce its CO2 emissions. Air Liquide’s quest for continuous
improvement helps ensure the safety of its employees,
customers, and service providers and optimize their costs while
offering a seamless customer experience.

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

2. INDUSTRIAL MERCHANT KEY FIGURES
■ ~30,000 employees;
■ ~ 20 million cylinders;
■ ~ 10,000 trucks;
■ ~ 50,000 cryogenic tanks installed on customers’ sites;
■ > 1,000 small on-site generation units;
■ ~ 1,400 filling centers and retail stores.

Optionality in terms of both product and service offerings as well as
the transactional channel is also a differentiating characteristic of the
Industrial Merchant business line. Thanks in particular to the
contributions of Airgas in terms of customer culture and excellence
in operational service, Industrial Merchant continues to develop a
multi-channel approach to sales which notably includes e-commerce
and telesales to better support the uses of its customers.

A MULTI-CHANNEL SALES APPROACH

3. CUSTOMERS AND MARKETS
a. A customer-centric culture
Customers and markets served by Industrial Merchant are
presented in the drawing on page 30. Industrial Merchant
customers vary greatly in terms of size, business and needs, but
their common ground is their desire for products and services
which facilitate daily activities.
The Group’s ambition to provide a seamless customer experience
requires listening to customers’ needs, providing a diversified and
customized offering and an excellent quality of service. To further
customer engagement, Air Liquide is working on the
rationalization and simplification of its processes to continuously
improve the level of its service, focusing on the reliability of its
equipment and deliveries and thus the overall efficiency of its
supply chain.

e-Business
Solutions

2

Total Access©

million
customers
Sales

Branches

DIGITAL AND DATA FOR THE PERFORMANCE AND THE CUSTOMERS
The Industrial Merchant business line manages a significant amount of data from the large number of assets and customers. Digital
transformation and data analysis, therefore, play a predominant role in improving operational efficiency, the quality of the services
provided to the customers, and new offerings. Thanks to this data analysis, the Industrial Merchant teams are able to drive the
performance of operations in real time and optimize price management in a fair and dynamic way depending on markets and costs. The
digitalization of assets on customer sites also enables the uploading of utilization data, which is then analyzed to create new services,
offerings, or business models.

b. A strategic positioning on markets
with optimized product portfolios
Thanks to their proximity to customers and the Group’s presence
in a large number of markets, the Industrial Merchant teams foster
a large and in-depth knowledge of these markets and of their
industrial processes. Moreover, Air Liquide collects a large
amount of data from these markets and the economy in general.
This allows the Group to identify major trends, assess growth
prospects and anticipate future opportunities. By closely analyzing
this market data and its value chains, the Group has developed a

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

selective approach and dynamic market management to focus
its resources on areas of higher potential growth. The diversity of
the markets, customers and geographical regions resulting from
strategic targeting strengthens the resilience of the business line.
The level of profitability of the Industrial Merchant business line
varies according to product and supply mode. By optimizing this
product mix, the business increases its profitability, captures new
volumes and diversifies its customer base. In order to improve the
profitability of the business, the Group is pursuing a commercial
strategy aimed to strengthen the local density of its customers.

AIR LIQUIDE

29

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

SUPPLY MODES

IM Products
& Services

IM
supply chain

Production

IM
Customers

Small
On-site
generator

Air Separation
Unit

Fabrication
& Construction

Energy,
Materials
& Chemicals

Bulk
Liquid gas

Packaged
Gas
Industrial
& Specialty
gases

Filling center

Food
& Pharma

Services

Entrepreneurs
& Professionals

Equipment
& Installations
Incl. Hardgoods

Technology
& Research

CUSTOMER MARKETS

Industry
sectors

Fabrication
& Construction

Energy, Materials
& Chemicals

Food
& Pharmaceuticals

Entrepreneurs
& Professionals

Technology
& Research

■

Metal Fabrication
(and treatment)

■

Chemicals

■

■

Workshops

■

■

Construction

■

Metallurgy

Automotive

Oil, gas and mining

■

■

Trains

Optoelectronics
& Fiber optics

■

Shipyards

Service and
maintenance
companies (auto
repair, HVAC,
plumbing…)

Electronic
Components
& Assembly

■

■

■

■

■

■

Aeronautics & Space

Public Research
& Universities

■

Industrial Research
centers

Food production
& processing
Beverage
Agriculture
(and aquaculture)

■

Construction material ■
(glass, Cement, etc.)
■
Utilities (water,
waste, power, etc.)

■

Pharmaceuticals

■

Hydrogen mobility

■

Cosmetics

■

Bars & restaurants

KEY POINTS
The Industrial Merchant business line is, by its nature, a highly local business, which provides more than two million customers with
industrial gases, equipment, hardgoods and associated services.
The diversity of markets, customers and regions is the result of strategic targeting and reinforces the resilience of the business line.
The balanced breakdown between markets related to industrial production and those more consumption-related, the fact that they are
often related to sectors essential for life, coupled with an Industrial Merchant business model which includes a share of fixed income from
sales, notably by providing cylinders and vessels on customer sites, strengthens the resilience of the business. Thus, about 50% of
Industrial Merchant sales are not dependent on the local industrial production of the countries in which the Group is present.
Thanks to the proximity to their customers, in-depth knowledge of their industrial processes and innovation capabilities, Industrial Merchant
teams and their experts in gas applications develop new product or services offerings which are a major growth and performance driver.

30

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW
AND BUSINESS MODEL

2025 HEALTHCARE REVENUE BY ACTIVITY

a. Business overview
The Healthcare activity provides home healthcare services,
medical gases, services,
and specialty ingredients. These
products and services support patients along the continuum of
care, from the hospital to their homes. The Group is committed,
alongside patients, healthcare professionals, hospitals, and new
places of care, to contributing to making the healthcare system
more efficient. Air Liquide is one of the world leaders in this
constantly changing business sector, subject to stringent
regulatory requirements and characterized by multiple
stakeholders (patients, doctors, health authorities, and payers).
Actors and decision-makers in the health sector are faced with the
double challenge of the increase in the number of patients with
chronic diseases and the economic sustainability of health
systems. Air Liquide’s Healthcare activity intends to be the partner
in the transformation of this sector and is committed to bringing
ever more value to all stakeholders in order to contribute to the
collective resolution of this challenge. Air Liquide’s vision is based
on the principles of Value-Based Healthcare. The value-based
approach seeks the optimal trade-off between the objective and
subjective benefits for each patient and the cost to society, in
order to guarantee quality medical care and service for all patients
in the long term. In concrete terms, this means for the Healthcare
activity the development of a personalized care plan that meets
the needs of each patient profile with the objective of making it
possible to achieve the outcomes that everyone expects to
improve quality of life. It is also a virtuous approach that allows the
Group to effectively adapt its interventions while working to ensure
the sustainability of healthcare systems. For medical gases and
related services, the aim is to ensure their availability, simplify their
management, and contribute to a more efficient and sustainable
system, in order to enable doctors to focus on their health mission.
Today, Air Liquide is reinforcing contractualization of supply
security, service offer quality and environmental footprint.

* 16% of Group's revenue.

b. Business model
The Healthcare activity relies on the Large Industries gas
production capacities and on Industrial Merchant logistics to
supply medical gases to hospitals and other places of care, while
maintaining dedicated sales teams. Medical gases have a drug
designation status which requires market authorization from the
country’s health authorities. They are subject to specific
pharmaceutical traceability and are supplied in gas or liquid form
by qualified personnel. The integration of the industrial and
medical gases activities ensures synergies and efficiency.
In the field of Home Healthcare, Air Liquide provides care for
individuals living with certain chronic diseases, based on medical
prescriptions. Dedicated teams deliver personalized service
centered around a medical device associated with the treatment
and supply the necessary equipment to enable patients to fully
adhere to their treatment at home. This service activity includes
training for patients, caregivers, and healthcare professionals on
the use of the medical device, guidance to promote good
treatment adherence, human support, and technical monitoring of
the equipment provided.
The growth of the healthcare business is steady and sustained,
independent of industry trends.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

31

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

2. HEALTHCARE KEY FIGURES
■ ~ 15,000 employees;
■ > 30 countries worldwide;
■ ~ 2.3 million patients cared for at home;
■ ~ 20,000 hospitals and clinics customers;
■ ~ 110,000 healthcare professional customers.

3. CUSTOMERS AND MARKETS
Over the last 20 years, Air Liquide has strengthened its leading
healthcare role in Europe, Americas, Australia and Korea. It
continues to grow in all regions, in particular depending on the
expansion of healthcare systems. About two thirds of the
Healthcare business line’s sales are in Europe and about one
quarter in the Americas.
The business line provides products and services in three areas:
■ Home Healthcare: Air Liquide cares for 2.3 million patients in
their homes suffering from chronic diseases, such as
respiratory diseases or diabetes. Once the diagnosis and
treatment are established by a doctor, the long-term treatment
requires patient education, implementation of the therapy and
its continuous support, and interventions by trained nurses or
technicians in person or remotely thanks to the increased use
of digital solutions.
Air Liquide developed its Home Healthcare business in the
1980s, taking care of patients on oxygen therapy leaving the
hospital. Home Healthcare activity was then expanded to other
treatments to support people suffering from respiratory diseases

(sleep apnea, COPD – chronic obstructive pulmonary disease,
etc.) or diabetes by providing them with medical devices and
associated services for long-term monitoring;
■ Medical Gases, medical devices and services: Air Liquide
supplies more than 20,000 hospitals and clinics around the
world. Among the main medical gases and their areas of
application, Air Liquide provides: medical oxygen (O2) for
respiratory diseases or intensive care; a mixture of oxygen and
nitrous oxide (N2O) in analgesia; nitric oxide (NO) in intensive
care. Air Liquide ensures compliance with the strictest safety
and quality standards through the installation and maintenance
of medical gas distribution networks in hospitals and
permanent inventory control.
Air Liquide’s medical gases and services are also used outside
hospitals, particularly in proximity care medical centers
(outside hospital centers, dentists, dermatologists, etc.), for
emergency rescue services and patient transport.
Furthermore, a limited share of the sales of this activity comes
from the design and marketing of innovative medical devices,
in particular ventilators for intensive care, transport and home
use, as well as equipment for the administration of medical
gases and aerosol therapy;
■ Specialty Ingredients: for over 80 years, through its
subsidiary Seppic, Air Liquide has designed and developed
specialty ingredients for the healthcare sector, in particular
adjuvants for vaccines, film-coating systems for the
pharmaceutical industry as well as a complete range of ecofriendly thickeners, stabilizers, emulsifiers and active
ingredients for the cosmetics market.

KEY POINTS
The Healthcare business line operates in a constantly evolving world and within a strict regulatory framework. Societal trends such as
the aging population, the increase in chronic diseases and the fragility of healthcare systems financing which seek efficiencies make the
Healthcare activity a major growth driver for the Group and a contributor to the sustainability of health systems.
Air Liquide Healthcare has a unique position in that it is present along the continuum of care and connected to all stakeholders in the
healthcare ecosystem (patients, healthcare professionals, hospitals, health authorities, payers) for the treatment of acute diseases (with
the supply of medical gases and services in hospitals and other places of care), the treatment of chronic diseases (with Home
Healthcare) and in prevention and well-being (with Specialty Ingredients).

32

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW
AND BUSINESS MODEL

2. ELECTRONICS KEY FIGURES

a. Business overview

■ > 200 carrier gas units;

Air Liquide provides innovative solutions essentially to the
semiconductor market and marginally to the flat panel display and
photovoltaic markets. To do so, the Electronics business line
leverages its expertise, its innovation capacity and its global
infrastructure allowing a strategic proximity to key players in these
sectors. Electronics customers’ products respond to increasingly
challenging consumer demands for mobility, connectivity,
computing power, artificial intelligence and energy savings. These
technological advances are possible thanks to the innovative
materials and gases used in semiconductor production.
Air Liquide is the world leader in industrial gases for Electronics
and the only player to offer a complete range of products and
solutions.

■ > 200 different molecules (special and advanced materials);

2025 ELECTRONICS REVENUE BY PRODUCT

■ > 4,000 employees;

■ ~ 50,000 cylinders of specialty materials delivered each year.

3. CUSTOMERS AND MARKETS
The Electronics business line provides a global service to the
sector’s main players. It is present in Asia (~73%), the USA
(~19%) and Europe (~8%). Air Liquide is the market leader in the
Electronics business line.
■ Carrier Gases: Carrier gases (very high purity gases, mainly
nitrogen, but also oxygen, argon, helium, hydrogen, etc.),
supplied from on-site facilities, are intended to dilute and
transport molecules for chip manufacturing, cooling and
inerting of the production environment. The Carrier Gases
business is resilient and shows steady growth. It benefits from
long-term “take-or-pay” contracts with an average duration of
15 years and growing demand in line with the expansion of the
semiconductor industry.
■ Electronic Specialty Materials: These gases (silane, xenon,
nitrous oxide, etc.) are used in the manufacturing processes of
all semiconductors. The growth of the activity is closely linked
to the volume of semiconductor production.

* 9% of Group revenue.

b. Business model
Air Liquide’s Electronics business is based near its customers’
production facilities. Its business model is mainly based on long-term
contracts for the supply of carrier gases, and constant innovation for
the supply of new advanced materials that are necessary to meet
the technological challenges of the sector’s major players. The
business line also supplies equipment for the distribution of gas and
chemical products and installs them at its customers’ facilities. The
Electronics business line works on reducing its greenhouse gas
emissions associated with electricity consumption for the production
of carrier gases, and on reducing the emissions of its customers by
providing them with low-impact materials to replace some of the
more polluting combinations currently in use.

■ Advanced Materials: These materials used in gas form are at
the heart of the most advanced manufacturing processes and
are essential for the miniaturization and energy efficiency of
new generations of memory and logic chips. The most
sophisticated advanced materials are developed in
collaboration with customers and their ecosystem. There are
few players with the innovation capabilities needed to operate
in this market. The activity benefits from the development of
advanced semiconductors.
■ Equipment & Installation: The Electronics business also sells
and installs equipment to ensure the distribution of gases,
materials and chemicals to customer sites. The level of activity
is linked to the commissioning or development of new
customer manufacturing sites.
■ Services & Analysis: customers rely on Air Liquide’s
expertise for the daily management of gases, materials and
chemical products on their sites, as well as to provide cuttingedge analytical services to continuously improve their
production processes.

KEY POINTS
Air Liquide is the world leader in industrial gases for Electronics and the only player to offer a complete range of products and solutions.
The Group’s Electronics business line consists of five different segments:
■ the Carrier Gas business is resilient, driven by long-term contracts with take-or-pay clauses and by growing demand in line with the
industry expansion;
■ Electronic Specialty Materials, which are used for all semiconductor manufacturing;
■ Advanced Materials, essential for producing new generations of more efficient chips;
■ Equipment & Installation (sales and installation of gas, materials and chemical distribution systems);
■ Services & Analysis (analysis and management of gases, materials and chemicals).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

33

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

3.2

ENGINEERING & TECHNOLOGIES

1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW
AND BUSINESS MODEL
a. Business overview
The Engineering & Technologies activity brings together Air
Liquide’s expertise in technology, engineering, construction,
manufacturing and project development and execution, to design
and deliver cutting-edge industrial solutions. Driving the Group’s
technological independence and leveraging the combined expertise
of all entities involved in innovation and technology development
together with project delivery, Engineering & Technologies enables
the Group to capitalize on growth opportunities, particularly in
energy transition, electronics and deep tech. With its unique
portfolio of technologies and expertise, Engineering & Technologies
offers a wide range of solutions to accompany the growth and meet
the evolving needs of our customers. Its solutions range from
technology development to engineering, procurement and
construction management of industrial gas production units and the
manufacture of cryogenic equipment.
The Engineering & Technologies (E&T) activity is the result of the
merger, on January 1, 2025, of the Engineering & Construction
(E&C) and Global Markets & Technologies (GM&T) activities (1).
To cover all markets and manage its production costs, the
Engineering & Technologies activity has worldwide geographical
coverage with a technology campus and engineering centers and
manufacturing workshops located in Europe, North America, Asia
and the Middle East.

b. Business model
For over a century, the Group has mastered proprietary
technologies, gas production units design, equipment
manufacturing and has been recognized for the performance of its
solutions. Engineering & Technologies's business model is
centered on leveraging its integrated capabilities to serve both
Group investment projects (majority of its order intake) and
external third-party customers, thereby maximizing the value of its
technological expertise. The core activities of Engineering
& Technologies are:
■ technologies development;
■ project and solution development;
■ engineering, procurement and construction management;
■ equipment manufacturing;
■ operations support.

Engineering & Technologies has a strategic value for the Group. It
provides a high level of expertise, crucial to the design of efficient
units which specifically respond to the needs of the Group’s Gas
& Services customers. It enables optimal operational
management of production units including energy efficiency and
reliability. It also allows skills and staff development and facilitates
site takeovers for the Group, by ensuring the right assessment of
the quality of assets purchased.
While the Group favors the development of its gas sales business
over equipment sales, the Engineering & Technologies activity
also serves third-party customers, allowing the Group to
constantly assess and improve the competitiveness of its own
technologies and commercial offering. In particular, Air Liquide is
hence able to forge close relations with customers who produce
their own gas, better understand their needs and projects. In
certain cases, negotiations initially steered toward the sale of
equipment were finalized by the signing of a long-term industrial
gas supply contract.
As part of this third-party customer business, the strategy consists
of prioritize licensing, studies and equipment supply contracts with
no construction risk. Due to the nature of its business,
Engineering & Technologies’contribution to consolidated revenue
(sales to third-party customers) can vary significantly from one
year to another but represents only a small part (~3%) of the
Group sales.
The consolidated revenue of the Engineering & Technologies
business, with third-party clients, amounted to 855 million euros in
2025. To be noted, that Engineering & Technologies activity for
the Group (internal sales) does not generate revenue accounted
for in published sales (only revenue from activities with third
parties are included).

2. CUSTOMERS AND MARKETS
Engineering & Technologies's unique portfolio is specifically
designed to address major global challenges, notably industry
decarbonization, the energy transition, and the strong digital
growth, in particular AI revolution. Through its patented
technologies and its expertise in cryogenics, the Engineering &
Technologies continues to push the frontiers of science and opens
up new markets. Thus, in addition to supporting the Group’s four
Gas & Services business lines, Engineering & Technologies also
designs and develops, often in partnership with its customers and
ecosystems, equipment and disruptive technologies notably for the
space industry, scientific research, fusion or quantum computing.

KEY POINTS
The global business unit Engineering & Technologies drives the Group’s technological independence and leverages the combined
expertise of all entities involved in innovation and technology development and project delivery to allow the Group to capitalize on growth
opportunities, particularly in energy transition, electronics and deep tech. Consolidated Engineering & Technologies sales only reflect
sales to third parties and do not include internal sales. Due to the nature of its business, Engineering & Technologies’ contribution to
consolidated revenue (sales to third-party customers) can vary significantly from one year to another but represents only a small part
(~3%) of the Group sales.

(1)

34

Certain activities, mainly Biogas and Maritime, have been transferred from the Global Markets & Technologies to the Industrial Merchant activity.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

The Engineering & Technologies masters a large portfolio of processes. The most important are essentials for the operations of Gas
& Services businesses and are explained hereafter:

PRODUCTION OF AIR GASES BY CRYOGENIC DISTILLATION (AIR SEPARATION UNIT)

1

2

3

4

5

Compression

Purification

Cooling

Distillation

Delivery

Liquid
nitrogen
Liquid
oxygen
Noble gases
(argon...)

Air

Compressor

Air is filtered and
compressed. The air is
composed of:
• 78% nitrogen;
• 21% oxygen;
• 1% noble gases
(argon, neon, krypton,
xenon).

Elimination of water
and CO2 to avoid ice
formation during
cooling.

The air components are
Purified air is cooled
separated in a cryogenic
down to cryogenic
distillation process.
temperatures in the
main exchanger.
Gaseous products warm
up while air is cooled.
Machines are also used
to produce cold.

Gaseous
nitrogen
Gaseous
oxygen
Gaseous
argon

Storage
then
Industrial
Merchant
market

Large
Industries
clients

The molecules are delivered
directly to Large Industries
clients through the gas
pipelines or stored as liquid
in tanks before being delivered
by truck to an Industrial
Merchant bulk customer
or a cylinder filling center.

The Engineering & Technologies designs and realizes air separation units (ASUs) for the Group and third-party customers. Large
Industries, Electronics (for the production of carrier gases) and Industrial Merchant (mainly for on-site units) operate ASUs. These units
also produce medical oxygen for the Healthcare activity.

PRODUCTION OF HYDROGEN BY ELECTROLYSIS

Air Liquide masters the engineering of electrolyzers. The Electronics and Industrial Merchant businesses have operated more than 40
small electrolyzers for many years. In the case of large PEM (Proton Exchange Membranes) electrolyzers, main equipment is usually
provided by the joint venture with Siemens Energy. In Large Industries, two 20 MW PEM electrolyzers are in service (in Canada and
Germany) and two 200 MW PEM electrolyzer are under construction in Europe.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

35

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Business model

PRODUCTION OF HYDROGEN BY METHANE REFORMING
The two main processes are:

Steam Methane Reformer

AutoThermal Reformer

Natural gas

Steam

Natural gas
Oxygen
(from ASU)

Pre-treatment
&
Pre-heating

CO2

Pre-treatment
&
Pre-heating

Steam

Offgas
Off-gas
Catalyst
CO2

Refractory
Material
Synthesis gas (Syngas)

Tubes filled with catalyst

Steam

Cooling & Steam generation

Shift Reaction

Offgas

PSA Purification

Hydrogen

In the case of autothermal reforming (ATR), the synthesis gas is
produced in a single high pressure and high temperature reactor.
This process requires oxygen. ATR is an efficient solution for the
production of very large quantities of hydrogen.

After pre-treatment to remove certain impurities, the natural gas
(or biogas) is pre-heated and mixed with steam. In the case of
steam methane reforming (SMR), this mixture passes through
catalyst-filled tubes inside a high-temperature reformer to be
transformed into syngas (mainly hydrogen, carbon dioxide and
monoxide). This syngas is then cooled (producing steam) and
directed inside a “shift” reactor which increases the hydrogen
content that can then be purified and supplied to the customer.
The off-gas is used to heat the reformer. For the production of
carbon monoxide (not shown), the cooled synthesis gas is
collected and then purified successively by carbon capture and
cryogenic distillation processes.

Finally, POX (Partial OXidation), a process similar to ATR but
without catalyst, is an efficient solution when the main gas
produced is carbon monoxide.
Air Liquide engineering has designed and built numerous SMRs
and more than 40 ATRs and POXs for third-party customers.
Air Liquide Large Industries has been operating mostly SMRs but
also several ATRs and POXs.

CARBON CAPTURE

Amines

CRYOCAP™

Unit

H2

FG or Steel

Techno

ABSORPTION

Source

Cogeneration
Bioenergy
Fired heaters
Incineration
10%

CRYOGENIC +
PERMEATION

ADSORPTION + CRYOGENIC

Industrial
flue gas
(cement,
steel, etc.)
20%

30%

LQ

CRYOGENIC

Oxy-combustion
(cement, lime, power)

Oxyboosting

40%

Liquefier

OXY

SMR

ATR

50%

60%

Highly
concentrated

CO2

70%

80%

90%

100%

CO2 Content in Feed Gas

Air Liquide masters a comprehensive portfolio of carbon capture
solutions, based on the different technologies, and operates
hydrogen production units equipped with these processes. Carbon
capture can be used to decarbonize the Group’s units and
customers’ plants. Air Liquide offers a carbon capture solution as a
service, including investment in capture units and related
infrastructure, as well as their operation and maintenance.

36

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

In particular, Air Liquide has developed the Cryocap™ process,
which combines cryogenics with other technologies and makes it
possible to efficiently decarbonize the production of hydrogen,
steel, chemicals or cement. The Group has been operating an
industrial-scale Cryocap™ unit since 2015 and has decided the
construction of two new units.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

INTEGRATED REPORT
Business model

4. Competition
At a global level, the industrial gases industry comprises three
main players: Air Liquide and Linde Plc, co-market leaders with
sales in excess of 25 billion euros each, and Air Products with
revenue which is more than two times lower. There are also a
number of global and regional players, such as Nippon Sanso
Holdings (Japan), Air Water (Japan), Messer (Germany),
Hangzhou Oxygen Plant Group “Hangyang” (China) and AirPower
(China). Finally, numerous smaller-sized players are also present
in local markets.
An industrial company in the chemical, steel or refining sectors
which needs large volumes of industrial gases can choose
between self-production and outsourcing. Self-production is
currently estimated to account for 90% of hydrogen production
and 60% of oxygen production globally, although with significant
geographical disparities. In this respect, the potential to convert
self-production into over-the-fence supply represents a major
growth opportunity for the Large Industries business. The level of
self-production varies strongly depending on the geographic
region, type of industry or local culture. In advanced economies,
the supply of oxygen is largely over-the-fence, while the supply of
hydrogen for refining remains primarily in-house. In developing
economies,
over-the-fence
supply
opens
development
possibilities. Air Liquide and Linde Plc, the world leaders in Large
Industries, are in competition with the other major global players
and local players.
Industrial Merchant is a local business: transport costs limit the
operating area to within 200 to 250 km of a production unit, except
for high value-added gases such as argon and helium. This
market, which is highly diversified due to the size and activity of its
customers, thus includes numerous small and medium-sized local
competitors, either by producing and distributing gas or solely
distributing gas.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

In Healthcare, most gas industry players also supply hospitals with
medical oxygen, but few are present in the treatment of chronic
diseases at home. In Home Healthcare, Air Liquide is number one
in Europe (in number of patients), whereas Linde Plc has
presence in the United States where Air Liquide is absent. This
market remains fragmented in almost all regions with a multitude
of small companies and associations. This fragmentation provides
bolt-on acquisition opportunities for the Group.
In Electronics, a business in which Air Liquide is the leader, six
companies play a major role: Air Liquide, Linde Plc, Merck KGaA
(Germany), Entegris (United States), Air Products and Nippon
Sanso Holdings. In the advanced materials market, Air Liquide is
a leader and is considered one of the “first movers” focusing on
growing its incumbent position and developing innovative new
molecules. The other “first movers” in this specific Electronics
market are Merck and Entegris.
In Engineering & Technologies, Air Liquide mainly competes with
industrial gas players. In “cryogenic” technologies used for air gas
separation, the main competitors are Linde Plc, Hangzhou
Oxygen Plant Group “Hangyang” and Air Products. Chinese
competitors are gaining ground due to strong demand in their
country. In “non-cryogenic” technologies used for producing
hydrogen and the chemical conversion of syngas, the largest
competitors are Technip Energies (France), Haldor Topsoe
(Denmark), Johnson Matthey (United Kingdom) and Linde Plc.
Finally, the Group also sells equipment and services for certain
cutting-edge markets, where the competitive landscape differs
greatly depending on the products, with companies of varying
sizes, from multinationals to start-ups.
Air Liquide is well positioned to capture new growth opportunities
notably in the energy transition, thanks to its strategic positioning,
operational experience and expertise in key technologies such as
electrolysis, CO2 capture and hydrogen liquefaction.

AIR LIQUIDE

37

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Strategy and objectives

STRATEGY AND OBJECTIVES
1. Ambition
Health, climate, energy, mobility: our world is facing major
challenges, even vital ones. Now more than ever, there is an
urgent need to invent a sustainable future.

Inventing a sustainable future is the ambition of the Air Liquide
Group.

An ambition to invent a sustainable future has driven and guided
the way Air Liquide innovates over the last 120 years. Today, its
molecules can be found all around us, at the heart of life: in
factories, in hospitals, behind smartphone screens, and even
inside space shuttles.

AIR LIQUIDE’S PERFORMANCE OVER 30 YEARS

Inventing a sustainable future means creating and cultivating
innovative solutions based on technology and scientific expertise
to support industry and healthcare as they march towards
progress and a decarbonized world. It means acting on a daily
basis for customers and patients in addition to being useful to
society as a whole.
Inventing a sustainable future also means creating an original
growth model that combines steady and solid financial
performance with leading environmental and societal objectives. It
means doing business while being responsible.
Because now more than ever, inventing a sustainable future means
being open to the needs of everyone and acting in the interest of all.

For more than 30 years, Air Liquide has posted strong
performance, which has driven its long-term growth outlook. This
performance is due to the strength of Air Liquide’s business model
and diversity of its geographical presence, businesses, endmarkets and customers.
■ Revenue: +5.8% on average per year.
■ Earning per share (a): +7.2% on average per year.
■ Cash flow from operating activities before changes
in working capital: +7.2% on average per year.
■ Dividend per share (a) (b): +9.2% on average per year.
(a) Adjusted for the two-for-one share split in 2007, for free share attributions
and for a factor of 0.974 reflecting the value of the preferential subscription
rights of the capital increase completed in October 2016.
(b) Subject to the approval of the General Meeting on May 5, 2026.

2. Strategic plan and mid-term objectives
On March 22, 2022, Air Liquide presented ADVANCE, its new strategic plan for 2025 combining financial and extra-financial
performance. Backed by a business model of proven resilience, innovation and technological know-how, the Group has
demonstrated, particularly well, its position to continue a growth trajectory while contributing to an efficient response to major economic,
environmental and societal challenges.

2.1. ADVANCE STRATEGIC PLAN SUCCESS
With ADVANCE, the Group took on an ambitious challenge: to continue its profitable growth momentum while meeting its CO2
emissions reduction commitments and investing in the markets of the future.

Initial objectives in 2022

Achievements end of 2025

Sales growth
+5-6% CAGR (a)

Growth
+6.1% (a) (c)

ROCE (b)
>10%

by 2023
and forward

CO2
emissions
inflection

ROCE
11.2% (b)

>10% since the end of 2022

around 2025

CO2
2

(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)

38

-13% (d)

since 2020

Group comparable sales CAGR from year-end 2021 to year-end 2025, at 2021 energy price and FX, excluding significant scope.
Recurring ROCE based on Recurring Net Profit.
Including +2.6% Argentina impact.
Scope 1 and 2 emissions, scope 2 on a "market basis", restated emissions, see chapter 1 – pages 58 and 64 and chapter 5 – page 318 and following.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Strategy and objectives

The three objectives of the strategic plan have been achieved:
■ The compound annual comparable growth rate (CAGR) of
the revenue over the 2022-2025 period reached +6.1% (1), in
line with the ADVANCE plan's target of +5% to +6%. It is
calculated based on 2021 sales, at the 2021 currency rate and
energy price, excluding the impact of significant scope
(acquisition of Sasol’s ASUs and deconsolidation of the
Russian subsidiaries).
■ The return on capital employed (ROCE (2)) stood at 11.2% at
the end of 2025. The ADVANCE target of a recurring ROCE
above 10% from 2023 was achieved as early as the end of
2022, one year ahead of schedule.
■ The ADVANCE objective of reaching an inflection point in
absolute CO2 emissions was achieved, following two
consecutive years of significant decline in absolute value of
CO2 emissions in 2023 and 2024. In 2025, the trajectory was
confirmed, with a further reduction in emissions (Scopes 1
and 2) of -2.0% compared to 2024 and -13.0% compared to
the 2020 baseline.

To achieve these objectives, the Group optimized its capital
resources and improved its operating margin. This
performance is based on a dynamic pricing policy, structural
efficiencies, and active business portfolio management.
The total investment decisions from 2022 to 2025 amounted to
16.9 billion euros, exceeding the ADVANCE plan's projection of
16 billion euros over 4 years.
The initial operating margin improvement ambition (excluding
the energy impact) of the ADVANCE plan communicated in March
2022 was +160 basis points over 4 years from 2022 to 2025. In
February 2024, it was revised upwards to +320 basis points, a
doubling of the initial ambition. In February 2025, the margin
improvement ambition excluding the energy impact was raised
for the second time, over a period extended by one year. It now
stands at +460 basis points (3) over 5 years, from 2022 to 2026.
At the end of 2025, the margin improvement excluding the energy
impact reached +360 bps over 4 years, which is fully aligned with
this new ambition.

2.2. DECARBONIZE THE PLANET
With ADVANCE, Air Liquide confirmed its leadership in the
decarbonization of the industry and in the emergence of a
low-carbon society in which hydrogen and carbon capture play a
decisive part.
The reduction of CO2 emissions is a major challenge for large
industrial players and for heavy duty mobility. This represents a
pool of opportunities for Air Liquide.

Low-carbon
industrial
gas supply

Low-carbon process
transformation

(2)
(3)

Low-carbon
products & fuels

Carbon capture
as a service

Air Liquide recognizes the climate emergency and its ambition
is to actively participate in the implementation of the Paris
Agreement, which defines a global framework aimed to limit
global warming to well below 2 °C above pre-industrial levels and
pursuing efforts to limit it to 1.5 °C. As part of its Sustainable
Development objectives presented in March 2021, the Group is
committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. Air Liquide
intends to contribute to carbon neutrality by addressing the entire
value chain, therefore covering direct emissions (Scope 1),
indirect emissions linked to electricity and steam supply
(Scope 2), as well as Scope 3 emissions, which include other
reported indirect emissions.

(1)

The Group has a large portfolio of technological solutions and
services to accompany its Large Industries customers across the
world in their path to decarbonization. Notably, this includes the
supply of low-carbon industrial gases, the transformation of its
customers’ industrial processes and CO2 management.

Air Liquide’s trajectory towards carbon neutrality in 2050
includes two major intermediate steps in 2025 and 2035:
■ the inflection of CO2 emissions in absolute value (Scope 1 &
2) around 2025 which was already achieved during ADVANCE.
Indeed, following two consecutive years of significant decline in
CO2 emissions in 2023 and 2024, and further reduction in
2025, the inflection and trajectory were confirmed ;
■ to reach a -33% decrease of its Scope 1 & 2 CO2 emissions
by 2035 compared to 2020. Emissions declined -13.0% in
2025 compared to the 2020 baseline.
The Group also pursued its commitment made in 2018 to reduce
by -30% its carbon intensity in kg CO2/€ EBITDA in 2025,
compared to 2015. in accordance with a commitment that was
made in 2018. This target has been largely exceeded, with carbon
intensity down by -46% in 2025 compared to 2015.

Includes a contribution from Argentina of +2.6%.
Recurring ROCE based on recurring net profit.
Excluding the Purchase Price Accounting impact from the DIG Airgas acquisition.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

39

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Strategy and objectives

Aware of the importance of contributing to the achievement of
carbon neutrality throughout its value chain, in 2022, Air Liquide
worked on developing its “Scope 3” emissions reduction strategy.
The value of its customer relationships has led the Group to
pledge to have 75% of its 50 largest customers committed by
2025 to carbon neutrality and 100% by 2035. At the end of 2025,
82% of the customers who were among the Group's top 50
customers in 2022 are committed to carbon neutrality by 2050.
However, following the evolution of the list of 50 largest

customers, 72% of the Group's top 50 customers in 2025 are
committed to carbon neutrality by 2050. The Group continues its
efforts to reduce its emissions upstream and downstream of its
value chain.
Chapter 5 of this Universal Registration Document detail the
climate transition plan, objectives, strategy, actions, results, risks
and opportunities that decarbonization and the energy transition
represent for the Group.

CLIMATE OBJECTIVES
The timeline below summarizes the Group’s decarbonization objectives:
Scopes 1 and 2

~2025

INFLECTION POINT

+

-30% carbon intensity (a)
in kg CO2/€ EBITDA vs 2015

Scopes 1 and 2

2035

REDUCE by 1/3 CO2 emissions (b)

Scopes 1, 2 and 3

2050
2020

CARBON NEUTRALITY

2025

2035

2050

(a) Carbon intensity in kg CO2-equivalent/euro of operating income before depreciation and amortization and excluding IFRS 16 at 2015 exchange rates for
Scopes 1 and 2 of greenhouse gas emissions using a “market-based methodology”.
(b) 2035 target emission reduction by -33% concerns Scopes 1 & 2 CO2 emissions, Scope 2 “market-based”, restated emissions to take into account over a full
year from 2020 and each subsequent year, the emissions of the assets which correspond to changes in scope and which have a significant impact (upwards
and downwards) on CO2 emissions.

Air Liquide’s Scope 1 & 2 CO2 emissions reduction target for 2035 has been validated by
the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) as being compliant and in line with climate
science (a). The Group was the first in its industry to obtain this validation from the SBTi.

(a) Air Liquide announced its greenhouse gas emission reduction objectives for Scopes 1 and 2 in March 2021 on a 2020 baseline. Following the acquisition of the
Sasol air separation units in South Africa on June 24, 2021, Air Liquide submitted to SBTi a target on a 2021 baseline in order to integrate this significant
change in scope.

40

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

INTEGRATED REPORT
Strategy and objectives

ASSETS AND CLIMATE RISKS (a)
The main Group assets that impact the CO2 footprint are:
– > 400 large air gas production units, oxygen and nitrogen in particular, which do not generate direct emissions but require
electricity. The CO2 emissions linked to this electricity are accounted for in Scope 2;
– > 50 large hydrogen production units, which consume natural gas and emit CO2 accounted for in Scope 1.
■ In the Large Industries business, each air gas or hydrogen production unit is linked to a long-term customer contract, lasting 15 to
20 years and assets are amortized over the duration of the contract. Hence, the risk of impairment is limited.
■ Industrial gases are used in most industries today and will be even more so in the frame of the energy transition due to the fact they
are at the heart of industry decarbonization solutions. Demand will increasingly turn to low-carbon gases, in function of regulatory
evolutions and market demand.
■ The majority of Group’s Scopes 1 and 2 CO2 emissions comes from a limited number of assets and countries. The emission
reduction targets therefore require the activation of a limited number of well-identified levers. Solutions have already been
implemented to decarbonize existing production units:
– for air gases (Scope 2 emissions) mainly by using low-carbon electricity in particular in key geographies: 80% of Scope 2
emissions come from six countries. Since 2018, Air Liquide has already signed 33 renewable medium- and long-term power
purchase agreements for more than 5 TWh per year of renewable and low-carbon electricity. More than 95% of air separation units
are already electrified and do not require any specific investment for the transition;
– for hydrogen production units using methane reforming (Scope 1 emissions), by capturing CO2 notably on large SMRs. Indeed,
60% of Scope 1 direct emissions come from fewer than 15 production units. Air Liquide masters a complete portfolio of
proprietary technologies for capturing CO2 and a carbon capture unit is under construction on the Group’s largest hydrogen
production unit in Europe.
The demand for low-carbon gases at a higher price is growing and allows the Group’s investment in low-carbon assets to be
remunerated, in particular for the production of hydrogen, as well as any potential overcosts linked to the supply of renewable
electricity. In addition, financing programs in the form of subsidies or tax credits are also being implemented in Europe and in the
United States in order to support, during a transition period, the decarbonization of existing industrial assets and new production units.
■ Energy costs (electricity for air gases and natural gas for reforming units) and those related to CO2 emissions (e.g. ETS scheme in
Europe) are re-invoiced to the customer in the frame of a long-term contract (15 years or more). The Group also applies this
business model to the supply of low-carbon gas, so Air Liquide does not bear significant risks associated with energy and CO2
costs.
■ A customer supplied in hydrogen by the Group is therefore facing an arbitrage between:
– bear the cost of CO2; or
– buy low-carbon hydrogen from Air Liquide, the price of which includes the return on investment in a CO2 capture unit as
well as operating and storage costs. The higher the value of CO2, the more the customer will be encouraged to choose the
supply of low-carbon hydrogen, which will also contribute to the achievement of its own decarbonization objectives. A high
carbon price is therefore favorable to accelerating the decarbonization of the Group assets. The sensitivity study shows
that, depending on the geography and the context, a price starting from 100 to 250 euros per tonne of CO2 encourages the
customer to lean toward the supply of low-carbon hydrogen. This CO2 value can be explicit or integrated into regulatory
obligations on the carbon footprint of end products.
■ Any new investment decision by Air Liquide now includes the constraint of reducing CO2 emissions, in line with the Group’s
decarbonization objectives. The Group already operates electrolyzers, including two 20 MW units, while two large scale
electrolyzers (200 MW) are under construction.
■ Air Liquide is implementing a certain number of actions to take into account physical risks related to Climate change. They are
reviewed during investment decisions, then taken into account during unit conception and covered by Group insurance. Air Liquide
carried out a study in 2023 aimed to consolidate and improve the physical risk management process according to 2 scenarios leading
to global warming of +2.7 °C and +4.4 °C by 2100. Work is continuing to refine the understanding of the issues at the level of the
Group’s different types of assets, with a refocusing on the main industrial basins.
The risks related to the energy transition as well as the physical risks related to climate were analyzed as part of the closing of the
Group’s financial statements (see note 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements – page 252) and no significant impact was
identified, mainly for the reasons mentioned above. The energy transition is above all a growth opportunity for Air Liquide, as the
Group has the technologies to decarbonize the assets of its industrial customers.
(a) ESRS 2 SBM-3 §48 (f).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

41

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Strategy and objectives

2.3. TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION TO OPEN NEW MARKETS
With ADVANCE, Air Liquide contributed to the development of key sectors for the future, to reinforce its positions, leveraging on
innovation and technology, two major assets of the Group.
The Group focuses on five key sectors of the future:
Electronics, where the revolutions in regards to
digital, data and artificial intelligence contributes to
the development of the activity and where the Group
reinforced its leader position;
Healthcare, in which Air Liquide’s value-based
approach, which improves quality of life for the
patient at the best cost for the health system,
responds to major societal issues;

Deep tech, including space, extreme cryogenics and
quantum computing;
Hydrogen mobility, and notably heavy duty
mobility: a very high potential market, where
Air Liquide has a leading position and in which lowcarbon hydrogen will play a key role.

Industrial Merchant, whose growth is driven by
environmental challenges and by new usages,
notably digital;

HYDROGEN KEY ROLE FOR INDUSTRY AND MOBILITY
The Group is deeply convinced that hydrogen will play a key role in the energy transition. Hydrogen offers tremendous growth
potential as a competitive low-carbon solution for many applications in the industry and mobility sectors. The Group intends to be a
key enabler of the hydrogen society thanks to its assets, technology, expertise and strategic positioning built up over about 60 years. This
is why in these new hydrogen markets, the Group masters the whole value chain for industry and mobility, which includes the
sourcing of low-carbon energies and renewables, the production of hydrogen, packaging by compression and liquefaction, delivery by
truck and pipelines along with storage and distribution to the end customers. To this end, the Group is investing in new technologies to
produce and distribute low-carbon hydrogen at large scale competitively, reliably and safely, such as electrolysis, capture of CO2 and
hydrogen liquefaction.

2.4. ACTING FOR ALL
In the context of ADVANCE, Air Liquide included the perspective of its direct stakeholders, as well as those of society at large.
In practice, this means:
fostering employee engagement and the development
of their skills through the implementation of new ways
of working in a safe, inclusive and collaborative
environment;

always going further in the quality of the privileged
relationship Air Liquide nurtures with its Shareholders,
with a regular and attractive remuneration that rewards
loyalty;

continue to reinforce its customer-centric culture,
to better acknowledge, anticipate and support their
needs,
and
by
continuing
the
profound
transformation already underway to better serve
patients;

acting as a committed corporate citizen concerned
with the general interest, where the Group’s
contribution can make a difference, in particular by
taking action in communities, or for example by
developing initiatives to promote access to medical
oxygen.

SOCIAL AND SOCIETAL OBJECTIVES
The Group’s commitment to society was reflected in particular by a “zero accident” safety ambition and by the achievement of following
objectives in 2025:
■ 100% of employees benefit from a common basis of care coverage;
■ 100% of employees have the opportunity to engage in local initiatives to support communities by 2025, thanks to a predefined
frame, during working hours.
In terms of diversity, the proportion of women among managers and professionals has steadily increased since 2020, reaching 33.8% in
2025. This result remains significantly higher than the industry average and that of its competitors. The Group intends to continue its
efforts to strengthen this representation across all professions.

42

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

INTEGRATED REPORT
Strategy and objectives

3. Strategy governance
3.1. ORGANIZATION
The governance of the Group’s strategy is organized around three
time frames: short, medium and long term, to which various
internal teams contribute. Their specific roles are described in
Chapter 2 “Risk factors and control environment” (page 71 and
followings).
Short term: the goal is to achieve the annual objectives set as
part of the strategic plan. Progress is assessed using both
quantitative and qualitative measures. This process is overseen
by the Group Executive Committee, under the direction of Group
Operations Control and with the support of the Strategy
department and the World Business Lines. In addition, the Group
continuously monitors its environment for potential risks,
opportunities and emerging trends that may require adjustments
to its strategic plan.
Medium term: The focus is on maintaining the trajectory of the
strategic plan and anticipating changes in our markets. In this
regard, the Group’s performance forecasts are updated each year
to ensure that they are in line with the strategic plan’s trajectory. In
addition, the Group works to anticipate changes in its markets, the
needs of its customers, and developments in its key geographical
areas or key industrial basins. The World Business Lines are
responsible for these analyses and projections. The main
strategic challenges are identified, prioritized and managed at
Executive Committee level.
Long term: The Group focuses on developing strategic
projections for the next 10 years and beyond, to ensure that the
various World Business Lines are properly aligned with the
Group’s strategic challenges. These projections help identify
underlying trends that need to be captured either in the current
strategic plan, or in future revisions. The Group Strategy
department works closely with the World Business Lines, the
Industrial Direction and Group Operations Control to conduct
these analyses.
The Executive Committee meets regularly to review the Group
strategy and its implementation. Investments are approved by the
Resources and Investment Committee (RIC), whose operation is
described in the Investment process section of this chapter.

Monthly performance meetings ensure that these decisions are
properly implemented and executed.
Finally, taking into account environmental and societal challenges
is an integral part of the Group’s strategy. The Sustainable
Development Department, which reports to a Vice President who
is a member of the Executive Committee, contributes to the
development of Strategy and defines specific measures to be
integrated into the company’s strategic plan. In addition, the Vice
President in charge of Sustainable Development participates in
strategy meetings, with particular attention to sustainable
development issues. She is consulted on the RIC (Resources and
Investments Committee) notes for investment projects that have a
material impact on the Group's carbon trajectory.

3.2. INVESTMENT PROCESS
The Group’s steady long-term growth is largely due to its ability to
invest in new projects each year. Investment projects in the
industrial gas business are spread throughout the world, highly
capital intensive and supported by long-term contracts, in particular
for Large Industries and Electronics. Air Liquide has thus tailored
its financing to the nature of its projects, based on the
diversification of financing sources, the prudent management of
the balance sheet and innovative financing methods. This financing
policy is fundamental for the Group’s continued development.
The Group’s investments reflect its growth strategy. They can be
classified into two categories:
■ industrial investments, which bolster organic growth and
guarantee the efficiency, replacement, maintenance and safety
of installations;
■ financial investments, which strengthen existing positions or
accelerate penetration into a new region or business segment
through the bolt-on acquisition of companies or assets already
in operation, as well as new technologies.
The nature of industrial investments differs from one World Business
Line to another: from gas production units for Large Industries and
Electronics, to filling centers, logistics equipment, storage facilities,
medical devices and management systems for Industrial Merchant,
Electronics and Healthcare. Capital intensity varies greatly from one
business to another.

CLIMATE AND INVESTMENT DECISIONS
According to the Air Liquide business model, the growth of activities requires investments in new production units. Thus, achieving
decarbonization objectives necessarily involves the compatibility of investment plans with the decarbonization trajectory. This trajectory is
broken down annually in the form of a CO2 budget monitored by the Group's Operation Control Department. Each group of countries
(cluster) is allocated a CO2 budget defining the maximum emissions it can commit to within the framework of the projects decided upon
during the year. Air Liquide has also implemented procedures to measure and monitor its CO2 emissions every quarter. Furthermore,
whenever the annual emissions of an investment or a customer exceed specific thresholds, the investments must first be reviewed by a
Group Energy and Emissions Risk Management Committee (E-Enrisk).
The Group applies an internal carbon price in the form of a shadow price taken from the International Energy Agency’s low emissions
scenarios. Starting in 2025, the Group’s methodology to assess the viability and resilience of new major primary production projects is
evolving. The new process, currently being deployed, entails analyses to reflect both anticipated market conditions and more ambitious
policies in line with a 1.5 °C trajectory. These sensitivity analyses for new projects are based on two separate scenarios involving different
carbon price trajectories. See chapter 5, page 311 for more details.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

43

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Strategy and objectives

3.2.1. Capital intensity
Capital intensity is the ratio of capital required to generate one euro
of supplementary revenue when projects or businesses reach
maturity. This capital is either invested in industrial assets
(production units, storage facilities, logistics equipment, etc.), or
used as working capital to finance the development of the activities.
Capital intensity varies significantly from one business to another:
■ Large Industries:
– air gas production has a capital intensity of around 3. It
varies with the trend in electricity prices,
– hydrogen production by reforming has a capital intensity of
between 1 and 2, due to the high proportion of natural gas
in the cost of sales. This capital intensity, therefore, varies
with the changes in natural gas price. The capital intensity
of hydrogen production through electrolysis is usually
significantly higher and depends on the electricity
management and price
– In large energy transition projects, capital intensity is
generally higher, particularly if the energy is not reinvoiced
but supplied directly by the customer. Projects benefiting
from subsidies also have a higher capital intensity (gross
investment), without impacting profitability;
■ Industrial Merchant capital intensity to launch the business in a
new market is between 1.5 and 2;

■ in Healthcare, capital intensity, excluding acquisitions, is
around 1 depending on the product mix.
The Group’s capital intensity, therefore, continues to vary
depending on the business mix, project type and prices of raw
materials. It is much higher for renewal and efficiency investments.
Whatever the capital intensity, any project must enable the Group
to be in line with its Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) objective
over the long term. Therefore, for the same level of return on
investment, the operating margin (OIR to revenue ratio) of a
project will depend on the capital intensity of the activity in which
the project is carried out.

3.2.2. The theoretical lifespan
of gas production unit contracts
Long-term development is one of the key characteristics of the
Industrial Gas business. It is particularly evident in the investment
cycle, where there is approximately a five-year span between the
study of a new construction project for a Large Industries
customer and the first corresponding industrial gas sales.
Investment cycles in other business lines are generally shorter.
Monitoring the lifespan of these projects is essential to
anticipating the Group’s future growth. The chart below provides
details of each stage of this process based on the example of a
Large Industries contract.

■ Electronics has an average capital intensity between 2.5 and 3.5;

INVESTMENT CYCLE OF A LARGE INDUSTRIES CONTRACT

Applying a theoretical capital intensity of 3, an investment of 150 million euros in a new project should generate 50 million euros of sales per annum, when fully
ramped up.

■ Opportunities and Negotiation phase: the project is included
in the portfolio of investment opportunities and enters into the
development process. Projects exceeding 5 million euros of
investment for Large Industries and exceeding 3 million euros
for other business lines are monitored within the portfolio of
potential opportunities and split between those for which a
decision is expected within 12 months and those for which the
investment decision will take more than one year. Projects are
then discussed and negotiated with the customer. Projects can
be removed from the portfolio for several reasons:
1. the contract is signed, it is removed from the portfolio and
therefore becomes an investment decision;

44

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

2. the project is abandoned by the customer;
3. the customer decides against an over-the-fence gas supply
or the project is awarded to a competitor;
4. the project is delayed beyond 12 months: it is removed
from the 12-month portfolio but remains in the long-term
portfolio.
■ Signature phase: the two parties reach an agreement. The
signing of a long-term contract represents an investment
decision validated by the internal governance bodies. The
project is removed from the portfolio of investment
opportunities and is registered in current investments.

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Strategy and objectives

■ Construction phase: the construction of the unit generally
takes 24 to 36 months or more for the most complex projects.
This is the capital expenditure period. The project remains in
the investment backlog.
■ Revenue phase:
1. commissioning: this corresponds to the start-up of the unit.
Sales reflect the needs of the customer with a guaranteed
minimum volume at the take-or-pay level, guaranteeing
minimum profitability from the beginning of the contract;
2. ramp-up: this is the unit’s ramp-up phase. Over the course of
the contract term, volumes increase above the take-or-pay
level to the nominal amount defined in the contract. Nominal
capital intensity is achieved only at the end of this phase.

3.2.3. Governance of major growth projects

Engineering &
Technologies
Capital Implementation

Investing
subsidiary

Customer

The business line involved in the project manages the overall
customer relationship follow-up and ensures the overall consistency
of the project, both in terms of contracts and technical standards.
The local subsidiary proposes the project and, once the contract
has been signed, carries the investment on its balance sheet. It is
then responsible for operations, customer relations and the
project’s financial profitability.
The Capital Implementation Direction acts as the representative of
the local "owner" subsidiary and is responsible for project execution
and overall governance. The Engineering & Technologies provides
competitive proprietary technologies and is also responsible for the
engineering, equipment procurement, and construction (EPC) of
the project.
Potential projects are identified well in advance, based on good
market knowledge and a strong presence with customers. The
first stage includes selecting the opportunities in which the Group
would like to invest both commercial and technical resources, in
line with its global strategy. This selection process is followed by a
series of validation stages.

Technology
& Execution
—

Delivery
—

The Group's Industrial Direction defines the technical standards
applicable to all activities and all subsidiaries.

Markets
Best practices
—

Business
line

Technical
standards
—

Group
Industrial
Direction

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

During the development stage, the project is submitted for the
approval of the Executive Committee member who oversees the
geographical area on which the project depends. At the Group level,
three major bodies validate the relevance of the project: the RIC
(Resources & Investment Committee – see below), which is
responsible for assessing and validating investment requests, the
ERC (Engineering Risk Committee), which is responsible for
assessing technical and execution risk, as well as the E-Enrisk
(Group Energy and Emissions Risk Management Committee) in
charge of taking into account aspects related to energy and the
environment.
Once the project has been decided on by Air Liquide and signed
with the customer, it is executed by an integrated team composed
of representatives of the investing subsidiary and Engineering
& Technologies, under the supervision of the geographical area.
During the start-up of the unit, project management is progressively
transferred to local operational teams, under strict standards to
guarantee the safety and integrity of the site. Operational
management of the unit is handled by the local subsidiary, and
financial performance is monitored by the geographic area and the
Group's Operation Control Department.

AIR LIQUIDE

45

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Strategy and objectives

ROLE OF THE RESOURCES & INVESTMENTS COMMITTEE (RIC)
The purpose of these Resources and Investments Committees (RICs) is to assess, approve or refuse requests for investments that have
been submitted, as well as medium- and long-term contractual commitments and Human Resources requirements that may arise
therefrom.
They are held regularly (usually once a month) for each geographical area (Americas, Europe Middle East & Africa and Asia Pacific).
Each Committee meeting is chaired by the Executive Committee member in charge of the concerned Geography. The investment is
presented by the Director of the group of countries (Clusters). The permanent members, who have a right of veto, are the representatives
of the business line, the Group Finance Department as well as Engineering & Technologies and Capital Implementation. Additional
participants may be invited, including representatives of the Group Industrial Direction.
The Committee’s decisions are reviewed by the CEO.
The decision is based on a rigorous assessment of individual projects as well as each project’s expected profitability. The following
criteria are systematically reviewed:
■ the location of the project: the analysis will take into account whether the project is based in an industrial basin with high potential,
whether it is connected to an existing pipeline network, or whether it is in an isolated location;
■ the competitiveness of the customer’s site: based on size, production processes and particularly their environmental footprint, cost
of raw materials and access to markets;
■ customer risk;
■ the greenhouse gases emissions as well as their economic impact and solutions for reducing emissions;
■ the adequacy of the project with the Group’s environmental objectives, including the compatibility with the decarbonization trajectory;
■ the other sustainable development criteria, such as water consumption, biodiversity and relations with local communities;
■ the physical risks related to climate change;
■ exposure to the risk of corruption;
■ contract clauses;
■ end products and the stability of future demand for these products;
■ quality and risk related to the technical solution;
■ country risk: evaluated on a case-by-case basis and can lead to changes in the financing policy and its supplementary insurance cover.
Following approval by the RIC and signing with the customer, the project is transferred to the investment backlog.

INVESTMENT CYCLE DEFINITIONS
Investment opportunities at the end of the period
Cumulative value of investment opportunities taken into account by the Group for a decision within the next 12 months (gross amounts,
excluding subsidies). Industrial growth projects with an investment value of more than 5 million euros for Large Industries and more
than 3 million euros for other activities, excluding asset renewals and safety, maintenance and efficiency projects.
Decisions during the period
Cumulative value of industrial and financial investment decisions (gross amounts, excluding subsidies). Growth and non-growth
industrial projects, including asset renewal, efficiency, maintenance and safety projects, as well as financial decisions (acquisitions).
Investments backlog at the end of the period (a)
Cumulative value of investments for projects decided but not yet started (gross amounts, excluding subsidies). Industrial growth
projects, amounting to 5 million euros or more for Industrial Market activity and exceeding 10 million euros for other activities, excluding
asset renewals and safety, maintenance, and efficiency projects.
(a) Different from construction in progress (see note 12.1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements – page 223) without threshold or business criteria.

46

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

INTEGRATED REPORT
Strategy and objectives

3.3. FINANCING
The financing policy is regularly reviewed to provide the best
possible support to the Group’s development and take into
account changes in financial market conditions while respecting a
credit profile in line with Moody’s and Scope Ratings long-term
minimum “A” category rating.
The Air Liquide Group applies the following principles of prudence:
■ diversifying financing sources and spreading of debt maturities
in order to minimize refinancing risk;
■ backing commercial paper issues with confirmed credit
facilities;
■ hedging interest rate risk to ensure visibility of financing costs,
in line with long-term investment decisions;
■ funding investments in the currency of the operating cash
flows, to ensure a natural currency hedging;
■ a permanent centralization of funding and excess cash
through Air Liquide Finance, a wholly-owned entity of
L’Air Liquide S.A.
Furthermore, the Air Liquide Group, as part of its growth strategy
combining financial and extra-financial performance, is turning to
the opportunities offered by the finance market in terms of
responsible and sustainable financial instruments.

3.3.1. Diversifying and securing
financing sources
Air Liquide diversifies its financing sources by accessing various
debt markets: commercial paper, bonds and banks.
For its short-term financing, Air Liquide uses the short-term
commercial paper market, in France, in the form of short-term
negotiable securities (NeuCP) through two programs of up to an
outstanding maximum of 3 billion euros each, and in the United
States through a U.S. Commercial Paper program (USCP) of up
to an outstanding maximum of 2 billion US dollars.
For its long-term financing, Air Liquide has a Euro Medium-Term
Note (EMTN) program to issue long-term bonds of up to an
outstanding maximum amount of 12 billion euros. This program
allows, in particular, for bonds to be issued in the principal
currencies (euro, US dollar, Japanese yen) as well as in other
currencies (Chinese Renminbi, Swiss franc and Pound Sterling).
Air Liquide can also issue private placements.
In line with its environmental and social objectives, Air Liquide
established in 2021 a Sustainable Financing Framework updated
in 2024 to cover the following instruments to finance sustainable
projects intended to have a clear benefit to the environment and
society. This Framework is now aligned with the 2021
Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG), the 2021 Green Bond
Principles (GBP), the 2023 Social Bond Principles (SBP)
overseen by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA),
as well as the Social Loan Principles 2023 and the Green Loan
Principles 2021 overseen by the Loan Market Association (LMA).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The Group also raises funds through bank debt (loans and credit
facilities).
To avoid liquidity risk relating to the renewal of funding at maturity,
and in accordance with the Group’s internal policy, the Group
limits its short-term debt maturities to an amount that is covered
from its core banks by committed credit facilities, syndicated or
bilateral.

3.3.2. Centralization of cash and funding,
excess cash and hedging
To benefit from economies of scale and facilitate capital markets
financing (bonds and commercial paper), the Group uses a
dedicated subsidiary, Air Liquide Finance. This subsidiary
centralizes the vast majority of the Group’s financing transactions.
It hedges currency, interest rate and commodities risk for the
Group’s subsidiaries in those countries where it is permitted by law.
In the countries where local regulations allow it, Air Liquide Finance
also centralizes cash flow balances through direct or indirect daily
cash pooling of these outstanding balances or through intra-group
loans and borrowings. When daily international cash concentration
is not possible, there exist, nonetheless, local cash poolings which
allow periodic intercompany loans to Air Liquide Finance.
Due to the currency matching within Air Liquide Finance, resulting
from the currency hedging of intra-group loans and borrowings,
these internal financing transactions do not generate a foreign
exchange risk for the Group.
Air Liquide Finance, which centralizes the Group’s financial
hedging transactions, complies with EMIR requirements
(European Market Infrastructure Regulation) relating to its status
as a non-financial counterparty (NFC-). Following the definitions
brought by EMIR REFIT and according to its status “NFC-”,
Air Liquide Finance transferred from 2021 the responsibility for
reporting derivatives to its counterparties.
Furthermore, in certain specific cases (e.g. regulatory constraints,
high country risk, joint ventures, etc.), the Group may limit its risk
through adapted management, by setting up specific financing in
the local banking market, and by using credit risk insurance.

3.3.3. Staggering debt maturity
To minimize the refinancing risk related to debt maturity
schedules, the Group spreads maturities over several years.
Debt maturity schedules are regularly reviewed by Finance
Department and Executive Management during Finance Committees.
Refinancing risk is also reduced by the regularity of the cash flow
generated from Group activities.

AIR LIQUIDE

47

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Strategy and objectives

3.3.4. Use of bank guarantees
From time to time, Group subsidiaries require bank guarantees,
mostly in favor of Healthcare, Engineering & Technologies and
Global Markets & Technologies clients, either during the tender
period (bid bond), or after contract award, during contract
execution until the end of the warranty period (advance payment
bond, performance bond and warranty bond).
The most common bank guarantees are advance payment bonds
and performance bonds and are extended to customers to secure
contractual performance.
In the Group’s ordinary course of business, certain subsidiaries
are required to provide financial payment guarantees to secure
rental or insurance obligations.
The projects, for which these guarantees are granted, are
regularly reviewed by management and are subject to approval by
the Board of Directors for guarantees which exceed
100 million euros. When guarantee payment calls become
probable, the necessary provisions are recorded in the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Air Liquide's innovation strategy relies on focused and dynamic
management of its innovation portfolio, designed to have an
impact in the short, medium and long term. Through short-term
projects, Innovation & Technologies Direction contributes to the
Group's industrial performance by focusing on safety, reliability
and efficiency of operations. These innovation priorities are set
through Operational Roadmaps (ORM), defined by the Group
Industrial Direction in collaboration with innovation entities. Midterm innovation priorities are defined by World Business Lines
with the Innovation & Technologies Direction, through Technology
Roadmaps (TRM) and Product Roadmaps (PRM). In the long
term, Innovation & Technologies Direction also monitors and
explores potentially disruptive scientific and technological
advances in order to prepare for the future. To support this longterm objective, the Group can rely in particular on ALIAD. The
strategic venture capital fund of Air Liquide has completed over 40
investments since its creation, in tech startups that create positive
impact for climate, healthcare and industry.

3.4. INNOVATION

Air Liquide's innovation portfolio is defined on an annual basis.
This process, led by the Innovation & Technologies Direction,
brings together the World Business Lines, Industrial Direction and
Clusters to ensure alignment between internal entities and reduce
the time-to-market for innovations.

The Innovation & Technologies Direction drives the innovation
strategy and its execution for the Group, with the strong support of
the World Business Lines. It contributes to its industrial
performance and future growth by creating new profitable and
sustainable offers in both its traditional and new businesses. It is
responsible for imagining, designing, developing and incubating
new solutions until they are brought to market, particularly when it
comes to offers with high technological content.

The First-of-its- Kind Committee (FOIK), created specifically to
assess the risks related to industrial demonstration projects,
carried out for the first time by the Group, and to the
implementation of innovative technologies on commercial units,
reviews projects on a monthly basis. The digital projects in
development phase, prior to deployment, are subject to
technological validation by the relevant Digital & IT teams and are
presented to the RIC.

The investment decisions and resources relating to innovation rely
on the Group’s governance bodies (Resources and Investment
Committee – RIC, Risk Committee); their roles are described on
page 87 of this Universal Registration Document.

Air Liquide’s innovation strategy also draws on its global
innovation ecosystem and on its external innovation partnerships,
in order to be as close as possible to its end customers and meet
market expectations.
The innovation strategy is also regularly reviewed by the Group’s
Executive Committee and the Board of Directors.

48

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

PERFORMANCE
Unless otherwise stated, all variations in revenue outlined below are on a comparable basis, excluding currency, energy (natural
gas and electricity) and significant scope impacts.

1. Key figures
(in millions of euros)

FY 2024

FY 2025

2025/2024
published
change

Total Revenue

27,058

26,940

-0.4%

+2.0% (f)

25,810

26,085

+1.1%

+2.0% (f)
+7.6%

Of which Gas & Services
Operating Income Recurring (OIR)

5,391

5,582

+3.5%

Group OIR Margin

19.9%

20.7%

+80 bps

(446)

(303)

+100 bps

Variation excluding energy (b)
Other Non-Recurring Operating Income and Expenses
Net Profit (Group Share)

3,306

3,518

+6.4%

Net Profit Recurring (Group share) (c)

3,466

3,679

+6.2%

Net earnings per share (in euros)

5.74

6.10

+6.3%

Dividend per Share (in euros)

3.30

3.70 (d)

+12.1%

Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital

6,539

6,855

+4.8%

Industrial capital expenditure

3,525

3,843

Net Debt

€9.2 bn

€8.4 bn

Net Debt to Equity ratio

33.2%

31.2%

Return on Capital Employed after tax – ROCE

10.3%

10.7%

+40 bps

Recurring ROCE (e)

10.7%

11.2%

+50 bps

(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)

2025/2024
comparable
change (a)

Change excluding the currency, energy (natural gas and electricity) and significant scope impacts, see reconciliation page 62.
See reconciliation page 64.
Excluding exceptional and significant transactions that have no impact on the operating income recurring, see reconciliation in page 64.
Dividend proposed to shareholders for the 2025 fiscal year.
Based on the recurring net profit, see reconciliation page 65.
Includes a limited contribution from Argentina (hyperinflation). See table page 69.

2. Income statement
REVENUE
Revenue

2025/2024
published
change

2025/2024
comparable
change

+2.0% (c) (d)

(in millions of euros)

FY 2024

FY 2025

Gas & Services

25,810

26,085

+1.1% (b)

Engineering & Technologies (a)

1,248

855

Not applicable

+2.0% (c)

TOTAL REVENUE

27,058

26,940

-0.4%

+2.0% (d)

(a) Merger on January 1st, 2025 of GM&T and E&C activities into Engineering & Technologies, with the main exception of Maritime and Biogas activities transferred
to the Industrial Merchant business. 2024 revenue corresponds to the sum of the published sales of GM&T and E&C activities. See page 62.
(b) Published variation calculated on the 2024 published revenue, not restated for the transfer of certain GM&T activities as of January 1st, 2025. See page 62.
(c) This comparable growth excludes the scope effect related to the internal transfer of certain GM&T activities to Industrial Merchant in the 1st quarter of 2025.
See page 62.
(d) Includes a limited contribution from Argentina (hyperinflation). See table page 69.

Revenue by Quarter
(in millions of euros)

Q1 2025

Q2 2025

Q3 2025

Q4 2025

Gas & Services

6,831

6,479

6,386

6,389

198

215

212

230

TOTAL REVENUE

7,028

6,694

6,599

6,619

2025/2024 Group published change

+5.7%

-0.5%

-2.4%

-4.3%

2025/2024 Group comparable change

+1.7%

+1.9%

+1.9%

+2.5% (b)

2025/2024 Gas & Services comparable change

+1.8%

+1.8%

+1.9%

+2.5% (b)

Engineering & Technologies (a)

(a)

Merger on January 1st, 2025 of GM&T and E&C activities into Engineering & Technologies, with the main exception of Maritime and Biogas activities transferred

to the Industrial Merchant business. See page 62.
(b) Includes a limited contribution from Argentina (hyperinflation). See table page 69.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

49

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

Group

Gas & Services

Group revenue stood at 26,940 million euros in 2025 and
posted comparable growth of +2.0% (1) compared to 2024. The
Group's published revenue decreased slightly by -0.4%. It was
impacted by a negative currency impact of -3.2% (of which the
depreciation of the US dollar accounted for nearly half) mitigated
by a favorable energy impact of +0.8%. There was no significant
scope impact.

Gas & Services revenue reached 26,085 million euros in 2025,
up +2.0% (1) (2) on a comparable basis.

As part of the Group organization transformation initiatives,
the Engineering & Construction and Global Markets
& Technologies businesses merged on January 1, 2025, within
a new Engineering & Technologies business. Under a single
management, with a common vision and objectives, this new
organization aims to strengthen the operational performance of
the Group and contribute to its growth by providing a more
integrated innovation cycle, leveraging the size effect and
complementary expertise. Certain activities, mainly Biomethane
and Maritime, were transferred from the Global Markets
& Technologies business to the Industrial Merchant business.

Sales increased across all geographies and all business
lines. On a comparable basis, Industrial Merchant sales grew by
+1.9% (2) (3): they benefited from a very solid price effect (+2.9%)
and resilient gas volumes, but were impacted by declining
Hardgoods volumes in the United States. Large Industries
revenue was up +0.7% (3), as the contribution of new hydrogen
and air gas volumes in the United States, South Korea and China
offset weaker demand in the rest of Asia and Europe. In
Electronics (+1.2%), the normalization of Equipment
& Installation sales after a record level in 2024 masked dynamic
growth in the rest of the business (+5.8%). Finally, the Healthcare
business, whose growth is disconnected from industrial trends,
posted a sustained increase in revenue (+5.0%), driven by Home
Healthcare in Europe and Latin America, and in Medical Gases in
the Americas.

Consolidated revenue (external sales) for the Engineering
& Technologies (2) business stood at 855 million euros in 2025,
up +2.0%, and internal projects for the Group's investment
projects, particularly in Large Industries and Electronics, are
growing strongly.

Published revenue in the Gas & Services businesses was up
+1.1%, impacted by a negative currency impact of -3.3%,
mitigated by a favorable energy impact of +0.9%. There was no
significant scope impact.

2025/2024
comparable
change (b)

+3.9% (c)

(in millions of euros)

FY 2024

FY 2025

2025/2024
published
change (a)

Americas (a)

10,321

10,351

+0.3%

Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA) (a)

10,186

10,616

+4.2%

+0.6%

Asia Pacific

5,303

5,118

-3.5%

+1.0%

GAS & SERVICES REVENUE

25,810

26,085

+1.1%

+2.0% (c)

Large Industries

7,120

7,110

-0.1%

-0.3% (d)

Industrial Merchant

11,906

12,132

+1.9%

+2.4% (d)

Healthcare

4,274

4,378

+2.4%

+5.0%

Electronics

2,510

2,465

-1.8%

+1.2%

Revenue by geography and business line

(a) Published variation calculated on the 2024 published revenue, not restated for the transfer of certain GM&T activities as of January 1st, 2025. See page 62.
(b) This comparable growth excludes the scope effect related to the internal transfer of certain GM&T activities to Industrial Merchant as of the 1st quarter of 2025
but includes the contribution related to the growth of these activities in 2025. See pages 62 and 63.
(c) Includes a limited contribution from Argentina (hyperinflation). See table page 69.
(d) Excluding the effect of an internal transfer of assets between Large Industries and Industrial Merchant in Americas. See page 63.

(1)
(2)

(3)

50

Includes a limited contribution from Argentina (hyperinflation). See table page 69.
This comparable growth excludes the scope effect related to the internal transfer of certain GM&T activities to Industrial Merchant in the 1st quarter of 2025.
See page 62.
Excluding the effect of an internal transfer of assets between Large Industries and Industrial Merchant in Americas. See page 63.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

Americas
Americas Gas & Services revenue stood at 10,351 million euros
in 2025, up +3.9% (1) (2). Large Industries (+6.6% (3)) benefited
from the ramp-up of a large air separation unit and new hydrogen
sales on the Gulf Coast pipeline networks. The increase in
Industrial Merchant sales (+2.9% (2) (3)) was supported by a high
price effect (+4.1%) and resilient gas volumes, with Hardgoods
volumes softening over the year. Growth remained very dynamic
in Healthcare (+10.6%). In Electronics (-2.5%), the normalization
of Equipment & Installation sales after a record level in 2024
masked dynamic growth in the rest of the business (+8.5%).

AMERICAS GAS & SERVICES 2025 REVENUE

10,351
million euros

Large
Industries
15%
Industrial
Merchant
69%
Electronics
5%
Healthcare
11%

■ Large Industries revenue was up +6.6% (3). This growth was
supported by the ramp-up of a major air separation unit started
up in February 2024 and by new hydrogen sales on the Gulf
Coast pipeline network under long-term contracts. The increase
in sales of electricity and steam produced by cogeneration units
was also a growth driver in the United States and Canada.
■ Industrial Merchant sales posted an increase of +2.9% (2) (3)
in 2025. This growth was supported by a high price effect of
+4.1%, which strengthened progressively throughout the year
to reach +5.2% in the 4th quarter. Gas volumes remained
resilient, but hardgoods volumes remained soft over the year.
Volumes grew in the Construction, Electronic components and
assembly, and Pharma markets. Finally, the consolidation of
bolt-on acquisitions in the United States, Canada, and Brazil
also contributed to growth.
■ Healthcare sales posted very dynamic growth of +10.6%. In
the United States, Medical Gases prices were up sharply in
proximity care and hospitals, supported by the roll-out of the
Intelli-OX offer, an innovative cylinder with a digital gauge that
provides caregivers with a direct reading of the remaining
oxygen time. In Latin America, the number of patients treated
at home continued to increase, supporting sales growth.
■ Electronics revenue was down -2.5% in 2025, but posted
strong growth (+8.5%) excluding Equipment & Installation sales.
Indeed, the double-digit increase in carrier gases and Advanced
Materials sales (with higher margins) did not offset the
significant decline in Equipment & Installation sales, which are
more cyclical and are normalizing after record revenue in 2024.

AMERICAS
■ Air Liquide has entered into new agreements to supply hydrogen to two of the largest refiners in the United States. The Group will
leverage its existing infrastructure with nearly 50 million US dollars of investment for strategic upgrades to its Gulf Coast pipeline
network and the integration of new compression and distribution equipment directly within its existing pipelines.
■ Air Liquide will invest up to 200 million US dollars in Louisiana, United States, to modernize an air separation unit and connect it
to its existing network. This investment also includes a pipeline network extension of approximately 50 kilometers on the Gulf Coast.
These upgrades are part of a long-term contract renewal with Dow and will further allow Air Liquide to support industrial growth in
Louisiana.
■ Air Liquide announced an investment of more than 50 million US dollars to build an additional carrier gases production unit in the
United States, on the site of one of the world's leading semiconductor manufacturers. This strategic investment underlines Air
Liquide's long-term commitment to supporting the rapid growth of the US semiconductor market and strengthens its position as a key
supplier to this strategic industry.

(1)
(2)

(3)

Includes a limited contribution from Argentina (hyperinflation). See table page 69.
This comparable growth excludes the scope effect related to the internal transfer of certain GM&T activities to Industrial Merchant as of the 1st quarter of 2025
but includes the contribution related to the growth of these activities in 2025. See pages 62 and 63.
Excluding the effect of an internal transfer of assets between Large Industries and Industrial Merchant in Americas. See page 63.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

51

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

Europe Middle East & Africa (EMEA)
Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA) revenue reached
10,616 million euros in 2025, up +0.6% (1). Large Industries sales
(-1.4%) were down, but slightly up by +0.4% excluding sales from
cogeneration units. Industrial Merchant sales grew (+0.5% (1)),
supported by a solid price effect (+2.0%) and resilient gas volumes,
with the exception of liquid CO2. Sales growth remained very solid
(+3.6%) in Healthcare, particularly in Home Healthcare and Specialty
Ingredients.

EMEA GAS & SERVICES 2025 REVENUE

10,616
million euros

Large
Industries
36%
Industrial
Merchant
33%
Electronics
2%
Healthcare
29%

■ Large Industries revenue was down -1.4%, but up slightly by
+0.4% excluding sales from cogeneration units. Indeed, sales
from these units were heavily penalized by low steam demand
in Benelux since the beginning of the year. Hydrogen sales
were down across the region, despite growth in Saudi Arabia
particularly in the 4th quarter, as the end of 2024 had been
impacted by a customer turnaround for maintenance. Air gases
sales grew over the year, particularly in South Africa, and in
the 4th quarter in Italy. Customer demand in Steel and
Chemicals remained low in Europe, but hydrogen volumes for
Refineries grew over the year, mainly in the Middle East.
■ Industrial Merchant sales grew by +0.5% (1) in 2025. The
price effect (+2.0%) strengthened significantly compared to
2024, supported by higher cylinder gas prices and, in the
1st half of the year, by an increase in bulk gas prices indexed
to changes in energy costs. Furthermore, cylinder and bulk
gas volumes were resilient, with the exception of liquid CO2. In
a context of low demand, volumes grew mainly in the Utilities
(water, waste, electricity) and Aeronautics sectors.
■ Healthcare revenue increased by +3.6% in 2025, with a
progression of +4.3% in the 2nd half of the year. Home
Healthcare continued its development, supported by the
increase in the number of patients monitored, notably for
diabetes, sleep apnea, and proximity care in Germany and
Poland. Sales of specialty ingredients also showed solid growth.

EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA (EMEA)
■ Large-scale electrolyzer project in the Netherlands:
Air Liquide has announced that it has started the construction of ELYgator, a 200 MW electrolyzer, in the port of Rotterdam, the
Netherlands. The Group will invest more than 500 million euros to build, own, and operate the electrolyzer, which will notably supply
TotalEnergies’ industrial platform under a long-term contract. This project strengthens the Group's leadership in clean hydrogen
production.
■ Carrier gases project for a major semiconductor customer in Germany:
Air Liquide has won a long-term contract and will supply large volumes of high-purity gases directly to a major customer in the
semiconductor industry, in the heart of “Silicon Saxony”, in Dresden, Germany. The planned investment of more than 250 million
euros will be Air Liquide's largest in the Electronics sector in Europe, thus reinforcing its leadership on the continent.
■ Acquisitions in Germany:
Air Liquide continues its development in Germany with the acquisition of 2 companies. The Group is thus expanding its presence in
the proximity care market. The newly acquired entities operate in Saxony, one of the most densely populated regions in Eastern
Germany, between Berlin and Bavaria where the Group already has a strong local market presence.

(1)

52

This comparable growth excludes the scope effect related to the internal transfer of certain GM&T activities to Industrial Merchant as of the 1st quarter of 2025
but includes the contribution related to the growth of these activities in 2025. See pages 62 and 63.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

Asia Pacific
Asia Pacific region revenue stood at 5,118 million euros in
2025, up +1.0%. In Large Industries (+0.4%), the contribution of
new air gas volumes in China and hydrogen in South Korea was
masked by overall weak demand in the region. 2025 Industrial
Merchant revenue was stable (-0.1%): growth of +2.6% in sales in
China was offset by contrasted activity in the rest of Asia and by a
price effect down -1.0%. Electronics revenue grew by +3.1% in
2025, and +6.1% excluding Equipment & Installation sales,
supported notably by the start-up of seven carrier gases
production units in 2025.

ASIA PACIFIC GAS & SERVICES 2025 REVENUE

5,118
million euros

Large
Industries
33%
Industrial
Merchant
29%
Electronics
35%
Healthcare
3%

■ Large Industries revenue showed a slight increase of +0.4% in
2025. Sales benefited from the ramp-up of new production units
in China, notably the one acquired (takeover) from Wanhua at
the end of 2024, and from the supply of additional hydrogen
volumes to the customer KMCI in South Korea under a longterm contract. The contribution of these new volumes to sales
growth was masked by overall weak demand in the region.
■ In Industrial Merchant, 2025 revenue was stable (-0.1%). In a
context of low inflation, the price effect (-1.0%) remained
impacted by the sharp drop in helium sales prices in China and
CO2 in Australia. In China, revenue grew by +2.6%, despite
lower helium sales and a lower contribution from bolt-on
acquisitions in the 2nd half of the year. Growth was supported
notably by start-ups of small on-site gas generators and
dynamic cylinder gas sales, reflecting the Group's solid
strategic positioning in China. In the rest of Asia, activity was
contrasted, with high equipment & installation sales in Japan,
solid growth notably in Taiwan in Electronic components and
assembly, but a strongly negative price effect in Australia (end
of CO2 price surcharges) and weak activity in Singapore.
Volumes were up mainly in the Electronic assembly,
Fabrication metal, and Automotive markets.
■ Electronics revenue was up +3.1% in 2025, and +6.1%
excluding Equipment & Installation sales. Carrier gases sales
posted strong growth of more than +10%, supported by the
start-up of seven new production units in the 1st half of 2025.
This growth was partially offset by a decline in more cyclical
Equipment & Installation sales, which are normalizing after
reaching a very high level in 2024.

ASIA PACIFIC
■ Project for a major semiconductor manufacturer in Singapore:
Under two new long-term contracts and for a total investment of 130 million euros, Air Liquide will build, own, and operate two new
carrier gases production facilities to support the expansion of a major semiconductor manufacturer in Singapore. Ultra-high purity
gases are essential to support the next wave of digital technologies, notably AI. These new contracts, signed just a few months apart,
highlight the acceleration in demand for advanced electronic components in this strategic market.
■ VSMC project in Singapore:
Air Liquide will build, own, and operate a new carrier gases production unit in Singapore. With a significant investment of
approximately 70 million euros and under a long-term agreement, Air Liquide will supply large volumes of nitrogen, oxygen, argon,
and other ultra-pure gases to VisionPower Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (VSMC), the joint venture formed by
Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation and NXP Semiconductors N.V.

Engineering & Technologies
Consolidated revenue for Engineering & Technologies (1) stood at
855 million euros in 2025, up +2.0% (2) compared to 2024. Within
this activity, Engineering & Construction revenue (third-party sales)
was down slightly, while sales to the Group (excluded from
consolidated revenue) grew, as priority was given to the
development of Large Industries and Electronics investment
projects. Furthermore, sales of technological equipment, particularly
Turbo-Brayton LNG reliquefaction units, continued to grow.

(1)

(2)

Order intake for Group projects and third-party customers
reached 2,220 million euros in 2025. This notably included air
separation units, including the world's largest unit for a steel
customer in India, a large electrolyzer in the Netherlands for clean
hydrogen production, carrier gases units for the Electronics
industry, proprietary equipment for helium liquefaction, as well as
numerous Turbo-Brayton reliquefiers. Group projects represented
a vast majority of order intake.

Global Markets & Technologies and Engineering & Construction activities merged into the Engineering & Technologies business in the 1st quarter of 2025.
Certain activities, mainly Biogas and Maritime, were transferred to the Industrial Merchant business. See page 62.
This comparable growth excludes the scope effect related to the internal transfer of certain GM&T activities to Industrial Merchant as of the 1st quarter of 2025.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

53

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

OPERATING INCOME RECURRING
Operating income recurring before depreciation and
amortization totaled 8,145 million euros, an increase of +3.1%
as published compared with 2024 and +6.9% excluding the
currency impact.
Purchases were down -3.6% and stable (0.0%) excluding the
currency impact and excluding the reclassification of certain
equipment purchases to other expenses. The increase in energy
prices, particularly natural gas, was offset by a decrease in
purchases of materials and equipment due to a decline in
hardgoods sales. Personnel expenses were down -1.5% as
published and showed a limited increase of +1.5% excluding the
currency impact. In an inflationary environment, they benefited from
the reduction in headcount accompanying the organization's
rationalization plans across all geographies. Other operating
income and expenses increased by +1.7%. Other operating
expenses grew with the development of the business, by +4.3% as
published and +6.3% excluding the currency impact and
reclassifications (of certain equipment purchases to other
expenses), notably due to commitments related to the project with
ExxonMobil in Baytown in the United States. The sharp increase in
other operating income is explained by a compensation received
from the customer ExxonMobil covering all commitments on this
project, in accordance with the terms provided for in the contract.
Efficiencies (1) reached a record level of 631 million euros in
2025, up +27% compared to the 497 million euros achieved in
2024. They significantly exceed the 400 million euro annual target
of the ADVANCE plan. This performance illustrates the strong
contribution of the Group's transformation program to efficiencies.
Procurement and the transverse continuous improvement program,
notably consisting of more than a thousand industrial efficiency
projects, also support this sharp increase in efficiencies. The
reduction in headcount since the beginning of 2024 has generated
savings on personnel expenses across all geographies. Efficiencies
are one of the three levers for operating margin improvement, along
with price management, notably in Industrial Merchant, and
dynamic asset portfolio management.

(1)

54

Depreciation and amortization amounted to 2,564 million euros,
up +2.3% and +5.3% excluding the currency impact, which
essentially reflects the impact of start-ups of new units.
Group Operating Income Recurring (OIR) reached 5,582 million
euros in 2025, up +3.5% as published. On a comparable basis,
it rose by +7.6%, which is significantly higher than comparable
sales growth, highlighting a strong leverage effect. The operating
margin (OIR to revenue) stood at 20.7% as published, an increase
of +80 basis points compared with 2024. The rise in energy costs in
2025, contractually passed through to Large Industries customers,
increases published sales without any impact on operating income
recurring in absolute value, thereby creating a dilutive effect on the
published operating margin in 2025. For this reason, the margin
improvement is measured excluding the energy impact, i.e. by
considering the energy price of the previous year.
Excluding the energy impact, the operating margin showed a
significant improvement of +100 basis points in 2025. Thus, for
the 2nd consecutive year, the increase in the Group's annual margin
excluding the energy impact is at least 100 basis points, marking an
acceleration compared with the past: between 2011 and 2019, the
margin improvement ranged from +10 to +20 basis points per year
(excluding synergies related to the Airgas acquisition), then reached
+70 to +80 basis points between 2020 and 2023. Since 2022, the
cumulative operating margin improvements excluding the
energy impact reached +360 basis points at the end of 2025.
Structural transformation actions of the Group, initiated in 2024,
will continue to support performance. These actions are structured
around 4 key areas: the simplification of the organization, the
acceleration of the development of shared service centers,
industrial and commercial initiatives, and incorporate a leverage
effect related to data exploitation.

See definition page 65.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

Gas & Services

GAS & SERVICES 2025 OPERATING INCOME RECURRING

Operating income recurring for the Gas & Services business
amounted to 5,897 million euros in 2025, up +6.1% as published
compared to 2024. It grew by +8.1% on a comparable basis,
which is significantly higher than the comparable sales growth of
the Gas & Services business (+2.0%), highlighting a strong
leverage effect.
The operating margin reached 22.6% as published, a sharp
improvement of +130 basis points (1) compared with 2024,
excluding the energy impact.

Americas
41%
EMEA
39%

5,897

Asia Pacific
20%

million euros

The improvement in the Group's operating margin is mainly
explained by efficiencies, up very sharply by +27% compared
with 2024.
Prices are another lever for margin improvement. In the
Industrial Merchant business, they showed an increase of +2.9%
in 2025, demonstrating the Group's ability to pass on cost
increases. Prices were also up in Healthcare and Large Industries.

FY 2024

Gas & Services Operating margin (a)

FY 2025

2025/2024
excluding energy
impact

Americas

22.6%

23.4%

+110 bps

Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA)

20.0%

21.6%

+190 bps

Asia Pacific

22.3%

23.1%

+50 bps

TOTAL

21.5%

22.6%

+130 bps

(a) Operating income recurring/revenue as published. Includes the scope impact related to the internal transfer of certain activities from GM&T to Industrial
Merchant since the 1st quarter of 2025. See pages 62 and 64.

Operating income recurring for the Americas region reached
2,427 million euros in 2025. Excluding the energy impact, the
operating margin increased by +110 basis points compared to
2024. The Industrial Merchant activity was the primary contributor.
Significant efficiencies and price increases, notably in the United
States, supported margin improvement in the Industrial Merchant
and Healthcare activities.
Operating income recurring for the Europe, Middle East & Africa
(EMEA) region amounted to 2,290 million euros in 2025.
Excluding the energy impact, the operating margin improved
significantly, by +190 basis points compared to 2024. In
Industrial Merchant, high efficiencies and accretive price
management supported the strong margin progression.
Efficiencies achieved in Healthcare, notably the restructuring of
the Home Healthcare activity in France, also contributed to margin
improvement. Finally, in Large Industries, excluding the 2024
payment of an indemnity by a customer, the margin increased,
thanks to efficiencies generated by the business.
In Asia Pacific, operating income recurring stood at 1,180 million
euros in 2025. Excluding the energy impact, the operating
margin increased by +50 basis points compared to 2024,
supported by efficiencies across all activities and the payment of
an indemnity by a Large Industries customer in 2025.

Engineering & Technologies
Operating income recurring for Engineering & Technologies
stood at 124 million euros in 2025. The operating margin was
14.5%, down compared to 2024, mainly due to the transfer of
certain GM&T activities to Industrial Merchant.

(1)

Corporate Costs and Research & Development
Corporate and Research & Development expenses amounted
to 439 million euros, up +10.0% compared to 2024. This
increase is notably explained by the creation of a Group Industrial
Department as part of the transformation program which
contributes significantly to efficiency gains. Research
& Development expenses increased slightly.

NET PROFIT
Other operating income and expenses showed a balance of
-303 million euros in 2025, a decrease compared to -446 million
euros in 2024. Other operating expenses amounted to
-354 million euros in 2025 and notably included restructuring
costs for slightly over 200 million euros, primarily in Europe. Other
operating income stood at 51 million euros and mainly comprised
capital gains from disposals.
Financial income stood at -396 million euros in 2025, an
improvement compared to -418 million euros in 2024. It included a
cost of net debt of -243 million euros, down -7.4% excluding the
currency impact. This performance was primarily due to the
decrease in average net debt and a reduction in factoring
charges, mainly resulting from lower rates but also from a decline
in the receivables sold. The average cost of net debt, at 3.3%,
was slightly down compared to 2024. Other financial income and
expenses amounted to -154 million euros compared to
-160 million euros in 2024.

Includes the scope impact related to the internal transfer of certain activities from GM&T to Industrial Merchant since the 1st quarter of 2025. See pages 62 and 64.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

55

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

Income tax expense reached 1,231 million euros in 2025,
representing an effective tax rate of 25.2% compared with 24.0% in
2024, impacted by an exceptional tax surcharge in France in 2025.
Share of profit of associates stood at -8 million euros in 2025
and minority interests in net profit reached 127 million euros.
Net profit (Group share) reached 3,518 million euros in 2025,
up +6.4% as published and showing strong growth of +10.1%
excluding the currency impact. Net profit recurring (1) (Group
share) stood at 3,679 million euros, up +6.2% as published and
+9.7% (2) excluding the currency impact. Net profit recurring
(Group share) is calculated (1) by excluding the exceptional tax
surcharge in France, the impact of a significant restructuring plan
in Europe, and the residual impacts in 2025 of items qualified as
non-recurring in the past.
Earnings per share stood at 6.10 euros, up +6.3% as published
compared with 2024, in line with the increase in net profit (Group
share). The average number of shares outstanding used for the
calculation of the 2025 earnings per share is 576,790,647.

CHANGE IN THE NUMBER OF SHARES

Average number
of outstanding shares

FY 2024

FY 2025

576,457,564

576,790,647

DIVIDEND
At the Annual General Meeting on May 5, 2026, the payment of a
dividend of 3.70 euros per share will be proposed to
shareholders for the 2025 fiscal year, representing a growth of
+12.1% compared to the previous year and up +38% over the
last 3 years. The amount distributed is estimated at 2,203 million
euros, taking into account share buybacks, cancellations and the
exercise of stock options, representing a payout ratio of 63% of
the published net profit. The ex-dividend date is set for May 18,
2026, and the payment date will be as of May 20, 2026. In
addition, a free share attribution on the basis of one free share
for every 10 shares held, as well as the application of a loyalty
bonus, are scheduled for June 2026, subject to the decision of
the Annual General Meeting.

3. Cash Flow and Balance Sheet
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Cash flow from operating activities before changes in working capital

6,539

6,855

Changes in working capital

(155)

(226)

Other cash items

(62)

(111)

Net cash flows from operating activities

6,322

6,518

Dividends

(1,808)

(2,053)

Industrial capital expenditure

(3,525)

(3,843)

Financial investments (a)

(285)

(267)

Proceeds from sale of assets

193

332

Proceeds from issues of share capital

34

140

Purchase of treasury shares

(231)

(4)

Lease liabilities repayments and net interests paid on lease liabilities
Impact of exchange rate changes and net indebtedness of newly consolidated companies
& restatement of net finance costs

(284)

(283)

(355)

204

Change in net debt

62

744

Net debt as of December 31

(9,159)

(8,416)

DEBT-TO-EQUITY RATIO AS OF DECEMBER 31

33.2%

31.2%

(a) Including transactions with minority interests and dividends received from equity affiliates (-27 and 14 million euros in 2025, respectively).

NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
AND CHANGES IN WORKING CAPITAL REQUIREMENT
Cash flow from operating activities before changes in
working capital totaled 6,855 million euros in 2025, up +4.8%
as published compared with 2024. It increased strongly
excluding the currency impact, by +8.3%, and by +6.0%
excluding the currency impact and exceptional items (mainly
related to the US tax reform, the exceptional tax surcharge in
France and by a compensation received from the customer
ExxonMobil related to the suspension of the project in Baytown in
the United States).

(1)
(2)

56

Working capital requirements (WCR) increased by 226 million
euros compared to December 31, 2024. This is mainly explained
by the increase in helium stocks in the dedicated cavern in
Germany, by the recent drop in energy prices leading to a
decrease in trade payables, and by the increase in trade
receivables driven by the reduction in factoring. However,
excluding the impact related to the decrease in factoring, the trade
receivables balance improved.
Net cash flow from operating activities, after changes in working
capital, reached 6,518 million euros, an increase of +3.1%
compared with 2024 and of +6.1% excluding the currency impact.

See page 64.
Net profit recurring (Group share) grew by +8.4% excluding the currency impact and excluding the contribution of Argentina. See page 69.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE
Industrial capital expenditure

Financial investments (a)

Total investments (a)

2021

2,917

691

3,608

2022

3,273

126

3,399

2023

3,393

231

3,624

2024

3,525

285

3,809

2025

3,843

267

4,110

(in millions of euros)

(a) Including transactions with minority interests and dividends received from equity affiliates (-27 and 14 million euros in 2025, respectively).

Capital expenditures stood at a very high level of 4,110 million
euros in 2025.
Industrial capital expenditures amounted to 3,843 million
euros, compared with 3,525 million euros in 2024, representing
an increase of +9.0% and +12.2% excluding the currency impact,

reflecting the increase in investment decisions in recent years.
From 2025, capital expenditures are now net of received
investment subsidies. For Gas & Services, capital expenditures
stood at 3,767 million euros, up +7.0%, and their breakdown by
geography is presented in the table below.
Gas & Services capital expenditure

(in millions of euros)

EMEA

Americas

Asia Pacific

Total

2024 (a)

1,506

1,203

811

3,520

2025

1,457

1,463

847

3,767

(a) Restatement of 2024 Gas & Services investment payments following the internal transfer of certain activities from GM&T to Industrial Merchant.

Financial investments amounted to 267 million euros in 2025
(including transactions with minority interests and dividends received
from associates for -27 and 14 million euros of transactions,
respectively). They include 13 acquisitions, mainly in the Industrial
Merchant business (in the United States, Canada, Brazil, Spain,
Italy, China, and India) and Healthcare business in Germany.
In the context of dynamic asset portfolio management, proceeds
from the sale of assets reached 332 million euros in 2025.
These notably include proceeds from the disposals of the Home
Healthcare business in Japan and of stakes held by ALIAD, the
Group’s venture capital subsidiary.
Net capital expenditures stood at 3,778 million euros, up
+4.5% compared with 3,617 million euros in 2024.

NET DEBT
Net debt at December 31, 2025, reached 8,416 million euros, a
decrease of 743 million euros compared to December 31, 2024.
Cash flow from operating activities enabled the reduction of net

(1)

debt after the payment of 2.1 billion euros in dividends and more
than 4.1 billion euros in industrial and financial capital
expenditures. The net debt-to-equity ratio stood at 31.2%,
highlighting the strength of cash flows.
In preparation for the acquisition of DIG Airgas finalized on
January 13, 2026, the Group issued a bond of 2.15 billion euros
in late October 2025. As a result, cash increased significantly on
December 31, 2025, with no impact on net debt.

ROCE
Return on capital employed after tax (ROCE) was 10.7% in 2025,
up +40 basis points compared with 2024. Recurring ROCE (1)
stood at 11.2%, an improvement compared with 10.7% in 2024
despite the dilutive impact of the acceleration in investments. Over
the period of the ADVANCE strategic plan, the objective of a
recurring ROCE of more than 10% starting from 2023 was
achieved as early as the end of 2022, one year ahead of schedule.

See page 65.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

57

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

4. Extra-financial performance
ADVANCE, the Group’s strategic plan for 2025 announced in March
2022, places sustainable development at the heart of its strategy
and combines financial and extra-financial performance.
First and foremost, safety is a priority for the Group. Preventive
actions are implemented over the long term with a «zero
accident» ambition. Thus, the lost time accident frequency
rate (1) stood at a record level of 0.4 in 2025, down sharply for
the second consecutive year, representing a 60% reduction
compared to 2023 (1.0).
The Group’s Scopes 1 and 2 CO2 emissions stood at
34.2 million tonnes of CO2 equivalent (2) in 2025, down
-0.7 million tonnes compared to 2024. They are also down

sharply by -13% compared to the 2020 baseline (2). Several
levers contributed to the decrease in emissions in 2025:
■ the voluntary sourcing of low-carbon energy, with the startup in 2025 of 3 TWh per year from multi-year Power Purchase
Agreements (PPA);
■ the use of offgases from a customer's refinery in Port Arthur in
the United States to produce hydrogen;
■ the electrification of air separation units. Thus, the Yongli
ASU in China, which started up in September 2024, reduced
the Group's emissions by more than 250,000 tonnes in 2025;
■ efficiency gains achieved on air separation units for the
customer Sasol in South Africa.

(Group CO2 Emissions Scopes 1 and 2)

-13%

0.3

vs. 2020

39.3
Mt CO2

-1.8
0.0
-2.7

2020
Restated

Volumes

Asset
Management

LC electricity
sourcing

The year 2025 marks the third consecutive year of significant
decline in absolute CO2 emissions. The Group has achieved
the ADVANCE strategic plan objective of reaching an
inflection point in its CO2 emissions.
Carbon intensity stood at 4.0 kg of CO2 equivalent per euro of
EBITDA (3) in 2025, down -7% compared to 2024. It decreased by
-46% compared to 2015, exceeding the target of at least a -30%
reduction in 2025 compared to 2015.
In accordance with its climate transition plan, the Group is deploying
actions to reduce its emissions, which are structured around 3
levers: low-carbon energy sourcing, asset management, and
CO2 capture, although some do not have an immediate impact. In
2025, Air Liquide signed its first low-carbon Power Purchase
Agreement (PPA) in India, thus covering a new geography with a
carbon-intensive energy mix. The Group also decided in 2025 on
new electrifications of air separation units in China and Italy,
which will reduce its yearly Scope 2 CO2 emissions by
approximately 225,000 tonnes and 50,000 tonnes, respectively,
upon the commissioning of this new equipment. Furthermore, a
CryocapTM carbon capture unit is under construction to
decarbonize the Group’s largest hydrogen production unit in Europe.

(1)

(2)
(3)

58

CCS

-0.9

34.2

Others

2025

The Group also has effective solutions to decarbonize its
customers' production units. For example, the Engineering
& Technologies activity will provide the world's largest CO2
liquefaction unit, required for a bioenergy project with carbon
capture and storage (BECCS) in Sweden.
Beyond decarbonization, Air Liquide put in place in 2025 detailed
water management plans in 75 production sites located in high
water stress areas.
On the social front, the share of employees benefiting from a
common base of social coverage reached the 100% target in
2024, one year ahead of schedule. Regarding diversity, the
share of women “Managers and Professionals” has continuously
increased since 2020 to reach 33.8% in 2025. This result remains
far above industry and peers level. The Group intends to pursue
its efforts to strengthen this representativeness across all its
activities. Finally, the objective of offering 100% of Group
employees access to volunteering opportunities has now been
achieved via Citizen at Work, the Group's program for acting in
service of local communities.

Frequency rate of accidents with lost time for Air Liquide’s employees and temporary workers. In number of accidents with at least one day’s absence per
million hours worked.
In tonnes of CO2 equivalent for the Scopes 1 and 2, see page 64.
Operating Income Recurring before depreciation, at 2015 currency rate, see page 64.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
■ Air Liquide confirms the effectiveness of its voluntary low-carbon electricity sourcing program, a core lever of its Climate
Transition Plan, delivering concrete and impactful results. In 2025, significant 3 TWh per year multi-year Power Purchase
Agreements (PPAs) were started, securing its long-term decarbonization trajectory. Since 2020, as part of its Climate objectives,
the Group has signed PPAs representing a total annual reduction in CO2 emissions of 3.5 million tonnes, with a full ramp-up
expected by 2027. At the end of 2025, low-carbon electricity represented 40% of the electricity purchased by the Group, marking its
commitment to structurally transforming its global energy mix.

5. Investment cycle and financing
INVESTMENTS
Investment decisions and investment backlog
Industrial Investment
decisions

Financial investment
decisions (acquisitions)

Total investment
decisions

2021

3.0

0.6

3.6

2022

3.9

0.1

4.0

2023

4.2

0.1

4.3

2024

4.1

0.3

4.4

2025

4.0

0.2

4.2

(in billions of euros)

In 2025, industrial and financial investment decisions reached
4.2 billion euros. With a cumulative amount of 16.9 billion euros
over the last 4 years, decisions exceeded the 16 billion euro target
of the ADVANCE strategic plan.
Industrial investment decisions amounted to 3,982 million
euros in 2025.
■ The Group reinforced its leadership position in Electronics in
2025 by winning numerous long-term contracts with major
semiconductor
industry
customers.
These
included
investments in carrier gases production units, notably more
than 250 million euros in Germany for a world-leading
customer in the semiconductor sector, more than 50 million US
dollars for a leading customer in the United States, more than
70 million euros at the sites of three customers in China, and
approximately 70 million euros in Singapore to supply VSMC.
■ In Large Industries
– In the Americas, new investments will contribute to the
development of the US Gulf Coast pipeline network. These
involve new hydrogen contracts with customers in the
energy sector and the renewal of a long-term air gases
contract with Dow.
– In EMEA, the Group has also decided to invest more than
500 million euros in the ELYgator project, a 200 MW
electrolyzer in the Netherlands which will supply renewable
hydrogen to TotalEnergies under a long-term contract. In
Italy, Air Liquide will invest in two new production units to
supply air gases to an electric arc furnace for a steel plant,
and in the electrification of an air separation unit which
currently consumes steam produced by the customer, the
latter of which will reduce the Group's CO2 emissions
(scope 2) by 50,000 tonnes per year.

(1)

– In Asia-Pacific, decisions include an investment to increase
the capacity of an air separation unit in China and its
electrification under a long-term contract. This investment
will reduce the Group's CO2 emissions (scope 2) by
approximately 225,000 tonnes per year.
■ To support local growth in Industrial Merchant, the Group
decided in 2025 to invest in several small air separation units
in various Asian countries. Decisions also concern a biogenic
CO2 production unit in Australia, a new cylinder filling center in
China, and equipment for argon transport in the United States.
Financial investment decisions amounted to 251 million euros
in 2025, mainly in Industrial Merchant with ten bolt-on
acquisitions spread across all geographies: in the Americas
(United States, Canada, Brazil), in Asia (China) and in EMEA
(India, Spain, Italy). Decisions also include the acquisition of three
companies in Home Healthcare in Germany.
Furthermore, the Group announced in August 2025 the signing of
an agreement to acquire DIG Airgas in South Korea (see next
page). Finalized on January 13, 2026, the acquisition will be
recorded in investment decisions for the 1st quarter of 2026.
The investment backlog reached 4.9 billion euros (1), a very
high level, exceeding 4 billion euros for the 3rd consecutive year.
Investments in progress are characterized by strong
diversification, with more than 70 projects spread across all
geographies. Approximately 40% of the total corresponds to
projects in the Electronics business, with the remainder being
invested mainly in Large Industries.

Includes 0.2 billion euros of investment backlog in South Korea (DIG Airgas integration).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

59

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

ACQUISITIONS
■ On January 13, 2026, Air Liquide finalized the acquisition of DIG Airgas, a leading player in the industrial gases sector in South
Korea. This transaction marks a new major milestone for the Group, 10 years after the major acquisition of Airgas in the United States.
Thanks to this strategic action, the Group will double its workforce in South Korea and achieve approximately 900 million euros in
overall revenue in the country. Completed ahead of the preliminary schedule, this acquisition will now contribute to the Group's
overall performance earlier than expected.
– This major acquisition strengthens Air Liquide's position in high-growth markets of the world's 4th largest industrial gases market,
South Korea.
– The footprints and activities of Air Liquide and DIG Airgas in South Korea are highly complementary, offering development
opportunities in key sectors, notably the semiconductor industry.
– This acquisition will be accretive to Air Liquide's net profit one year after its integration into the Group.
■ Air Liquide announced in October 2025 the acquisition of NovaAir, a leader in the production and distribution of industrial gases in
India. Its presence in eastern and southern India complements the Group's existing activities in the north and west of the country,
significantly strengthening Air Liquide's footprint in the Industrial Merchant market in India.

Start-ups
The main start-ups in 2025 include:
■ in Asia Pacific,
– in the Electronics business, 7 carrier gases production units
for several customers for a total investment amount of
more than 280 million euros and a molybdenum production
unit in South Korea;
– in Large Industries, an air separation unit (ASU) to supply
ExxonMobil in Singapore and an ASU acquired from
Wanhua Chemical Group in China in the 3rd quarter of 2024;
– in Industrial Merchant, a new CO2 production unit in
Australia, two hydrogen filling centers for mobility in China
and South Korea.

ammonia cracking pilot unit in the Port of Antwerp-Bruges in
Belgium in Large Industries. Start-ups also include a small
hydrogen production unit equipped with a CO2 capture and
recovery system in France and a Krypton and Xenon
purification unit in South Africa to primarily serve the space
and semiconductor industries;
■ in the Americas, in Large Industries, the connection of a
customer to the hydrogen pipeline network under a long-term
contract, allowing for the optimization of existing assets, and in
Industrial Merchant, three small on-site gas generators for a
battery manufacturer.
The additional contribution to sales from unit start-ups and
ramp-ups amounted to 322 million euros in 2025.

■ in EMEA, mainly two new carrier gases production units in the
Dresden basin in Germany in the Electronics business and an

START-UPS
■ Air Liquide announced the start-up of its new molybdenum production plant located in Hwaseong, Gyeonggi Province, South
Korea. This plant, the largest in the world, will supply Subleem™, its innovative Advanced Materials offer, to major customers in the
semiconductor sector. This offer includes a portfolio of ultra-high purity molybdenum molecules, as well as first of its kind proprietary
distribution systems. Through this strategic investment, Air Liquide confirms its status as a technological leader by being the first
industrial player capable of supplying molybdenum solutions in large quantities to its partners.
■ Air Liquide announced the commissioning of the world's first industrial-scale ammonia cracking pilot unit with an ammonia-tohydrogen conversion capacity of 30 tonnes per day, in the Port of Antwerp-Bruges, Belgium. This cutting-edge innovation provides
a key and previously missing technological link to convert ammonia into hydrogen and addresses the challenges related to hydrogen
transport. This technology, now proven for the development of ammonia cracking units on a global scale, will provide access to lowcarbon hydrogen and renewable hydrogen for the decarbonization of industry and mobility.

Investment opportunities

FINANCING

The 12-month portfolio of investment opportunities stood at a
record level of 4.6 billion euros (1) at the end of 2025. The
removal of the ExxonMobil project in Baytown, Texas, which the
customer put on hold, was offset by the entry of new projects in
Electronics, notably in South Korea following the integration of
DIG Airgas, and in Large Industries. Projects related to
Electronics represent more than 40% (2) of the portfolio, and
those in the energy transition account for approximately 25% of
the opportunities. Projects are mainly located in Asia and the
Americas, followed by EMEA.

“A” category financial rating confirmed

The total portfolio of opportunities, also including opportunities
beyond 12 months, is stable, exceeding 10 billion euros.

(1)
(2)

60

The Group is rated by three rating agencies: Standard & Poor’s,
Moody’s and, since 2023, Scope Ratings. The long-term ratings
are “A” for Standard & Poor’s and Scope Ratings, and “A2”
for Moody’s. Furthermore, the short-term ratings are “A1” for
Standard & Poor’s, “S-1” for Scope Ratings and “P1” for Moody’s.
Following Air Liquide’s announcement of the acquisition of DIG
Airgas on August 22, 2025, Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s
confirmed their ratings on August 27, 2025, with a stable outlook.
Scope Ratings confirmed its ratings on December 2, 2025, while
revising the outlook from positive to stable.

Includes 0.8 billion euros of investment opportunities in South Korea (DIG Airgas integration).
Includes the investment opportunities in South Korea (DIG Airgas integration).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

Diversifying and securing financial sources
At December 31, 2025, the Group financing through capital
markets accounted for 84% of gross debt, with total
outstanding bond issues of 9.8 billion euros, across all
emission programs, and 0.5 billion euros in commercial paper.
The total amount of credit lines remained stable at 4.0 billion
euros with 20 banks. The syndicated credit line amounts to
3.0 billion euros and its maturity was extended to 2030
(previously May 2029) with a residual one-year extension option.
This line includes a mechanism to index financial costs to three of
the Group's CSR objectives in the areas of carbon intensity,
gender diversity and safety. In addition to bilateral lines and
syndicated credits, in August 2025, Air Liquide signed a 3-billion
euro bridge loan as part of the DIG Airgas transaction. This loan
was reduced by 2.15 billion euros on November 5, following the
bond issue to finance the acquisition. Consequently, as of

December 31, 2025, 850 million euros remain available on this
bridge loan. It was cancelled upon the final completion of the
transaction on January 13, 2026.

Issues and redemptions
In March 2025, the Group completed a 500 million euro green
bond issue with a 10-year maturity to finance projects in the
energy transition.
Three bond issues, with a total residual amount of 971 million
euros equivalent, were redeemed at maturity in March, April,
and June 2025.
Finally, in October 2025, a 2.15 billion euro multi-tranche bond
issue was launched to finance the strategic acquisition of
DIG Airgas.

FINANCING
■ Bond issue
In October 2025, Air Liquide successfully completed a multi-tranche bond issue of 2.15 billion euros. This major financial operation
is intended to finance the strategic acquisition of DIG Airgas, for which the final closing was recorded on January 13, 2026. This
transaction, significantly oversubscribed by investors, was carried out under the Group's Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) program.
It allows for the issuance of 2.15 billion euros in bonds with maturities of 2, 4, 7.5, and 12 years, at a weighted average interest rate of
less than 3.00% per annum.
■ Green bond issue
Air Liquide successfully completed a new green bond issue of 500 million euros on March 21, 2025, with a 10-year maturity, at an
aggregate cost to Air Liquide of 3.50% per annum. The Group will use the proceeds from this issue to finance or refinance flagship
projects in the energy transition, particularly in the fields of hydrogen and clean air gases. This green bond issue follows previous
ones carried out in 2021 and 2024, both of which were fully allocated.

Debt maturity and schedule

Net Debt by currency as of December 31, 2025
12/31/2024

12/31/2025

Euro

51%

64%

US Dollar

30%

19%

Taiwanese Dollar

6%

7%

Japanese Yen

3%

2%

Chinese Renminbi

1%

4%

Others

9%

4%

Investment financing is generally carried out in the currency of the
cash flows generated by these investments, thus creating a
natural currency hedge. In 2025, the share of the euro in total net
debt increased while that of the US dollar decreased, notably due
to its depreciation against the euro.

Centralization of cash and funding
In 2025, Air Liquide Finance continued to centralize the cash
balances of the Group's entities.
At December 31, 2025, Air Liquide Finance granted the Group's
subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, the equivalent of 11.5 billion
euros in loans and received 3.2 billion euros in cash surpluses as
deposits from them. These operations were carried out in
21 currencies (mainly the euro, US dollar, Japanese yen,
Canadian dollar, Chinese renminbi, Singapore dollar, and British
pound). The direct and indirect scope (including subsidiaries
whose cash is centralized locally before being centralized with Air
Liquide Finance) comprises approximately 400 subsidiaries.

The average maturity of the Group's debt was 5.6 years at
December 31, 2025, a slight increase compared to December 31,
2024 (5.1 years). Indeed, the bond issues of the year (particularly
those for the financing of the acquisition of DIG Airgas in South
Korea) allowed for a slight extension of the debt maturity.
Gross debt stood at 12.4 billion euros. The amount of gross debt
maturing within the next 12 months is 2.3 billion euros. Thereafter,
the highest annual maturity over the next 10 years represents
approximately 11% of the gross debt.

DEBT MATURITY SCHEDULE
Gross debt (in millions of euros)
(excluding put options to minority shareholders
for an amount of 40 millions)
> 2034

1,392

2035

486

2034

517

9

2033

994

2032

595

2031

605

14
44
132

2030

1,094

2029

1,021

190

2028

998

334

2027

1,084

2026

1,033

0

500

157

322
782
1,000

1,500

533
2,000

2,500

Bonds and private placements
Bank debt
Commercial papers

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

61

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

6. Performance indicators
Performance indicators used by the Group that are not directly
defined in the financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with the AMF position 2015-12 about alternative
performance measures.

■ Operating income recurring before depreciation and
amortization excluding IFRS 16 at 2015 exchange rate to
calculate the carbon intensity;

The performance indicators are the following:

■ Recurring net profit excluding currency effect;

■ Currency, energy and significant scope impacts;

■ Net Profit Excluding IFRS 16;

■ Comparable sales change and comparable operating income
recurring change;

■ Net Profit Recurring Excluding IFRS 16;

■ Operating margin and operating margin excluding energy;

■ Return on Capital Employed (ROCE);

■ Reported and restated CO2 emissions;

6.1.

■ Recurring net profit Group share;

■ Efficiencies;
■ Recurring ROCE.

DEFINITION OF CURRENCY, ENERGY AND SIGNIFICANT SCOPE IMPACTS

Since industrial and medical gases are rarely exported, the impact
of currency fluctuations on activity levels and results is limited to
euro translation impacts with respect to the financial statements of
subsidiaries located outside the euro zone. The currency impact
is calculated based on the aggregates for the period converted at
the exchange rate for the previous period.
In addition, the Group passes on variations in the cost of energy
(electricity and natural gas) to its customers via indexed invoicing
integrated into their medium and long-term contracts. This
indexing can lead to significant variations in sales (mainly in the
Large Industries Business Line) from one period to another
depending on fluctuations in prices on the energy market.
An energy impact is calculated based on the sales of each of the
main subsidiaries in Large Industries. Their consolidation allows
the determination of the energy impact for the Group as a whole.
The foreign exchange rate used is the average annual exchange
rate for the year N-1. Thus, at the subsidiary level, the following
formula provides the energy impact, calculated for natural gas and
electricity respectively:

This indexation effect of electricity and natural gas does not
impact the operating income recurring.
The significant scope impact corresponds to the impact on
sales of all acquisitions or disposals of a significant size for the
Group. These changes in scope of consolidation are determined:
■ for acquisitions during the period, by deducting from the
aggregates for the period the contribution of the acquisition;
■ for acquisitions during the previous period, by deducting from
the aggregates for the period the contribution of the acquisition
between January 1 of the current period and the anniversary
date of the acquisition;
■ for disposals during the period, by deducting from the
aggregates for the previous period the contribution of the
disposed entity as of the anniversary date of the disposal;
■ for disposals during the previous period, by deducting from the
aggregates for the previous period the contribution of the
disposed entity.

Energy impact = Share of sales indexed to energy year (N-1) x
(Average energy price in year (N) - Average energy price in year (N-1))

6.2.

CALCULATION OF PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (2025)

6.2.1.

Comparable sales change and comparable operating income recurring change

Comparable changes for sales and operating income recurring exclude the currency, energy and significant scope impacts
described above.

(in millions of euros)

2025

FY 2025/2024
Published Currency
Growth
impact

Natural
gas
impact

Significant
Electricity
scope
impact
impact

FY
Internal
2025/2024
transfer Comparable
impact
Growth

Revenue
Gas & Services

26,085

‘+1.1%

Impacts in %
Engineering & Technologies

855

Not applicable

Impacts in %
Group

26,940

‘-0.4%

Impacts in %

(872)

194

41

(4)

396

‘-3.3%

‘+0.7%

‘+0.2%

0.0%

‘+1.5%

(14)

0

0

0

(396)

‘-1.2%

—

—

—

‘-32.3%

(887)

194

41

(4)

0

‘-3.2%

‘+0.7%

‘+0.1%

0.0%

—

‘+2.0%

‘+2.0%

Operating Income Recurring
Gas & Services

5,897

‘+6.1%

Impacts in %
Engineering & Technologies

124

Not applicable

Impacts in %
Group

5,582

Impacts in %

62

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

‘+3.5%

(221)

0

0

3

102

‘-4.0%

—

—

‘+0.1%

‘+1.8%

0

0

0

0

(104)

—

—

—

—

‘-44.2%

(225)

0

0

3

0

‘-4.2%

—

—

‘+0.1%

—

‘+8.1%

‘+7.6%

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

6.2.1.1. Impacts of internal transfer of assets in the Americas on comparable growth
As part of the Group’s transformation initiatives, an internal asset transfer took place at the beginning of the year between the Large
Industries and Industrial Merchant business lines in the Americas. The significant scope impact related to this internal transfer on
comparable growth is neutralized to allow for a direct reading of the underlying performance of these two businesses.
Variation Q4 2025/2024
comparable

Revenue

(in millions of euros)

Large Industries
Americas

‘+0.2%

Impacts in %

‘+4.4%

(17)

‘+1.2%

‘-1.0%

Industrial Merchant

‘+2.7%

17

‘+2.1%

‘+0.6%

Variation FY 2025/2024
comparable

Large Industries

Impact of
internal transfer of
assets

Variation FY 2025/2024
comparable after
neutralization

(68)

‘+6.6%

‘+1.8%

Impacts in %

‘-4.8%

Industrial Merchant

‘+3.8%

Impacts in %

68

‘+2.9%

‘+0.9%

Large Industries
Gas & Services

17
‘+1.0%

Impacts in %

Americas

‘+8.0%

‘+5.4%

Large Industries

(in millions of euros)

(17)
‘-4.8%

Industrial Merchant

Revenue

Variation Q4 2025/2024
comparable after
neutralization

‘+3.2%

Impacts in %
Impacts in %

Gas & Services

Impact of
internal transfer of
assets

‘-0.3%

Impacts in %

(68)

‘+0.7%

‘-1.0%

Industrial Merchant

‘+2.4%

Impacts in %

68

‘+1.9%

‘+0.5%

6.2.1.2. Impacts of internal transfer of activities (from GM&T to Industrial Merchant)
in Europe and in the Americas on comparable growth
As part of the Group’s transformation initiatives, the
Engineering & Construction and Global Markets &
Technologies activities merged on January 1, 2025, into a new
Engineering & Technologies business. Under a single
management team, with a shared vision and common objectives,
this new organization aims to strengthen the Group’s
competitiveness and contribute to its growth by providing a more
integrated innovation cycle, leveraging scale and complementary

expertise. Certain activities, primarily Biogas and Maritime, were
transferred from Global Markets & Technologies to the Industrial
Merchant business.
Comparable growth excludes the significant scope impact related
to the internal transfer of activities from GM&T to Industrial
Merchant as of the 1st quarter of 2025, but includes the
contribution related to the growth of these activities in 2025.
Contribution to the
comparable growth Q4
2025

Revenue
(in %)

Contribution to the
comparable growth FY
2025

Americas

‘-0.1%

‘-0.2%

Europe

‘-1.4%

‘+0.5%

Total Industrial Merchant

‘-0.5%

0.0%

Gas & Services

‘-0.2%

0.0%

Industrial Merchant

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

63

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

6.2.2.

Operating margin and operating margin excluding energy

The operating margin is the ratio of the operating income
recurring divided by revenue. The operating margin excluding the
energy impact corresponds to operating income recurring (which
is not impacted in absolute value by the energy costs
contractually re-invoiced to Large Industries customers) divided
by revenue restated for the energy impact to which the
corresponding currency impact is attached. The ratio of operating

FY 2024

(in millions of euros)

Revenue
Operating Income
Recurring
Operating Margin

income recurring divided by revenue (whether restated or not for
the energy impact) is calculated with a one decimal place rounded
number. The variation between 2 periods is calculated as the
difference between these rounded ratios, which can result in
positive or negative differences compared to a more precise
calculation, due to rounding.

FY 2025

Natural gas
impact (a)

FY 2025
excluding
energy Improvement (b)
impact
FY 2024/2025

Electricity
impact (a)

Group

27,058

26,940

194

41

26,706

Gas & Services

25,810

26,085

194

41

25,851

Group

5,391

5,582

5,582

Gas & Services

5,555

5,897

5,897

Group

+19.9%

+20.7%

+20.9%

+100 bps

Gas & Services

+21.5%

+22.6%

+22.8%

'+130 bps

2025/2020
change

2025/2024
change

(a) Including the currency impact linked to the considered energy impact.
(b) Excluding energy impact.

6.2.3.

Reported and restated CO2 emissions

(in thousands of metric tonnes CO₂ eq.)

FY 2020

FY 2024

FY 2025

Scope 1: total direct greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) (a)

15,345

14,868

14,590

-5%

-2%

Scope 2: total indirect greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) (a)

17,184

20,064

19,599

14%

-2%

Total emissions as reported (a)

32,529

34,933

34,189

5%

-2%

Total restated emissions (b)

39,289

34,933

34,189

-13%

-2%

(a) Actual Group emissions including changes in scope having an impact (upward and downward) on CO2 emissions during the year from the effective date.
(b) Restated to take into account over a full year from 2020 and each subsequent year, the emissions of the assets which correspond to changes in scope
and which have a significant impact (upwards and downwards) on CO2 emissions.

6.2.4.

Operating income recurring before depreciation and amortization excluding IFRS 16
at 2015 exchange rate to calculate the carbon intensity

(in millions of euros and thousand of tonnes)

2015

2025

(A) Operating income recurring before depreciation and amortization

4,033

8,145

(B) Currency impact (2015) (a)

(776)

(C) IFRS 16 Impact (b)

280

(A) - (B) - (C) = (D) EBITDA used for Carbon Intensity calculation

4,033

8,641

(E) CO2 equivalent emissions (Scopes 1 + 2 (c)) in thousands of tonnes

29,413

34,189

7.3

4.0

Carbon Intensity (E) / (D)

2025/2015
change

-45.8%

(a) At 2015 exchange rate excluding countries in hyperinflationary context, their EBITDA being converted at 2025 rate.
(b) The IFRS 16 impact on operating income recurring before depreciation and amortization includes the neutralization of rental expenses, which are then
reintegrated into depreciation and amortization and other financial expenses booked in relation to IFRS 16.
(c) Scope 2 emissions calculated from the specific supplies (market-based): the Group hence adopted the methodology recommended by the GHG Protocol.

6.2.5. Recurring net profit group share and recurring net profit group share
excluding currency impact
The recurring net profit Group share corresponds to the net profit Group share excluding exceptional and significant transactions that
have no impact on the operating income recurring.

(A) Net Profit (Group Share) – As Published

FY 2024

FY 2025

2025/2024
variation

3,306.1

3,517.9

+6.4%

(B) Exceptional and significant transactions after-tax with no impact on OIR
■ Impairments of assets held for sale and of other assets identified in particular following
a strategic review, and their impacts (proceeds of divestiture, indemnities received
from customers and end of depreciation of an asset)
■ Restructuring costs of Home Healthcare business in France, and of the business
in Southern Europe (France, Iberia, Italy)

(103.9)
(55.7)

■ Contribution linked to the exceptional tax surcharge in France in 2025

(49.9)

■ Restructuring costs in Europe

(100.7)

■ Residual impacts in 2025 of items qualified as non-recurring in the past
(A) - (B) = Net Profit Recurring (Group Share)

64

(10.4)
3,465.7

3,678.9

(C) Currency impact

(122.2)

(A) - (B) - (C) = Net Profit Recurring (Group Share) excluding currency impact

3,801.1

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

+6.2%
+9.7%

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

6.2.6.

Net profit excluding IFRS 16 and net profit recurring excluding IFRS 16

6.2.6.1. Net profit excluding IFRS 16
2024
3,440.0

(A) Net Profit as Published

(20.7)

(18.7)

3,460.7

3,663.1

(B) = IFRS 16 Impact (a)
(A) - (B) = Net Profit excluding IFRS 16

2025
3,644.4

(a) The IFRS 16 impact includes the reintegration of leasing expenses less depreciation and other financial expenses booked in relation to IFRS 16.

6.2.6.2. Net profit recurring excluding IFRS 16
2024
3,440.0

(A) Net Profit as Published

2025
3,644.4

(B) Exceptional and significant transactions after-tax with no impact on OIR

(159.6)

(161.0)

(A) - (B) = Net Profit recurring

3,599.6

3,805.4

(C) IFRS 16 Impact (a)
(A) - (B) - (C) = Net Profit recurring excluding IFRS 16

(20.7)

(18.7)

3,620.3

3,824.1

(a) The IFRS 16 impact includes the reintegration of leasing expenses less depreciation and other financial expenses booked in relation to IFRS 16.

6.2.7.

Efficiencies

Efficiencies represent a sustainable cost reduction resulting from an action plan on a specific project. Efficiencies are identified and
managed on a per project basis. Each project is followed by a team composed in alignment with the nature of the project (purchasing,
operations, human resources...).

6.2.8.

Return On Capital Employed - ROCE

Return on capital employed after tax is calculated based on the Group’s consolidated financial statements, by applying the following ratio
for the period in question.
For the numerator: net profit excluding IFRS 16 - net finance costs after taxes for the considered period.
For the denominator: the average of (total shareholders' equity excluding IFRS 16 + net debt) at the end of the past three half-years.
FY 2024
(a)

FY 2025
(c)

ROCE
Calculation

Net Profit Excluding IFRS 16

3,663.1

3,663.1

Net Finance costs

(242.5)

(242.5)

Effective Tax Rate (a)

24.6%

(in millions of euros)

Numerator
(c)

Denominator
((a)+(b)+(c))/3

H1 2025
(b)

Net Finance costs after tax

(182.8)

(182.8)

Net Profit - Net financial costs after tax

3,845.9

3,845.9
26,701.4

Total Equity Excluding IFRS 16

27,716.4

25,326.6

27,061.0

Net Debt

9,159.2

9,793.7

8,415.5

9,122.8

Average of (total equity + net debt)

36,875.6

35,120.3

35,476.5

35,824.2

ROCE

10.7%

(a) Excluding non-recurring tax impact.

6.2.9.

Recurring ROCE

The recurring ROCE is calculated in the same manner as the ROCE using the recurring net profit for the numerator.
FY 2025
(c)

Recurring
ROCE
Calculation

Net Profit Recurring Excluding IFRS 16

3,824.1

3,824.1

Net Finance costs

(242.5)

(242.5)

Effective Tax Rate (a)

24.6%

Net Finance costs after tax

(182.8)

FY 2024
(a)

(in millions of euros)

Numerator
(c)

H1 2025
(b)

Recurring Net Profit Excluding IFRS 16
- Net financial costs after tax
Denominator
((a)+(b)+(c))/3

Total Equity Excluding IFRS 16

27,716.4

25,326.6

(182.8)

4,006.9

4,006.9

27,061.0

26,701.4

Net Debt

9,159.2

9,793.7

8,415.5

9,122.8

Average of (total equity + net debt)

36,875.6

35,120.3

35,476.5

35,824.2

Recurring ROCE

11.2%

(a) Excluding non-recurring tax impact.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

65

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

7. Innovation
7.1. INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY, DRIVING OUR IMPACT
Innovation and technology are a driving force of Air Liquide’s
strategy, contributing to the Group’s profitable and sustainable
growth and the opening of new markets. They generate new
opportunities for the future, thanks to the expertise of employees
and their ability to develop and bring to market innovative
solutions that meet the needs of customers and patients.
The Group’s innovation expenses amounted to 301 million euros
in 2025. Innovation expenses correspond to the OECD definition,

namely expenditures for Research & Development (R&D), market
launch, and marketing of new offerings and products. This
amount, which has remained stable over recent years, illustrates
the Group’s commitment to developing and maintaining a portfolio
of innovations in growth markets.
In 2025, 5,600 employees work for innovation, engineering and
technologies,
contributing
to
the
development
and
commercialization of new offerings and new products.

301 million euros

320

300 partnerships

of innovation
spending (2025)

new
patents

with academics, industrials
and start-ups
2025 figures

Patented inventions contribute to the Group’s competitiveness
and the differentiation of its offerings, and illustrate its capacity for
technological innovation. With 320 new inventions filed as first
patent applications in 2025 in various geographies, Air Liquide is
the leading applicant for new patents in its industry. In 2025,

Air Liquide has more than 750 international patent families on
energy transition, 450 families on hydrogen, and 250 families on
CO2 capture using cryogenic processes. In electronics, Air Liquide
has 300 international patent families. Air Liquide’s global portfolio
comprises approximately 14,000 patents and patent applications.

7.2. FOCUSING ON WHAT MATTERS
To accelerate the time-to-market of innovations and maximize their impact, Air Liquide’s innovation efforts focus on a few key priorities:
low-carbon production technologies, industrial performance boosted by digital and artificial intelligence (AI), and customer applications.

INNOVATION SPENDING IN 2025

330
300

288

292

300

317

303

304

308

309

309

301

Digital and AI for
industrial performance
16%

Low-carbon
production
technologies
37%

270
240
210

301

Healthcare
18%

180
150

million euros

120
90
60
Deep Tech & Industries
16%

30
0

2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025

Innovation spending (in millions of euros)

(a)

Advanced Materials
13%

Applications
for customers and patients
47%

(a) Perimeter effect from 2020 related to the divestiture of Schülke.

66

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

7.2.1. Low-carbon production technologies
As part of its Sustainable Development objectives, Air Liquide is
committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050 (page 40). To
reduce its own emissions and help its customers reduce theirs,
the Group innovates and develops sustainable technological
solutions on an industrial scale
In 2025, the Group made significant progress in the production of
renewable hydrogen through water electrolysis. The Air Liquide
Normand’Hy project, officially announced in 2023, is expected to
enter service in 2026. This large-scale electrolyzer with a capacity
of 200 MW, located in Port-Jérôme (France), will avoid up to
250,000 tonnes of CO2 emissions per year. In 2025, the Group
also made the final investment decision to build ELYgator, a
200 MW electrolyzer in the Netherlands. The Group will invest
more than 500 million euros to build, own, and operate the
electrolyzer, notably supplying the TotalEnergies industrial
platform under a long-term contract. The ELYgator project will
produce 23,000 tonnes of renewable hydrogen per year for
industry and heavy mobility, thereby reducing CO2 emissions by
up to 300,000 tonnes per year of operation. Both projects rely on
the Air Liquide and Siemens Energy gigafactory, which produces
the electrolyzer stacks. In parallel, Air Liquide Innovation teams
leverage data from smaller electrolyzers already operated by the
Group (notably Trailblazer, a 20 MW PEM electrolyzer operated
by the Group in Oberhausen, Germany, since 2024), to determine
the best operating conditions for large-scale electrolyzers.
In 2025, Air Liquide commissioned the world’s first industrial-scale
Ammonia cracking pilot unit at the Port of Antwerp-Bruges,
Belgium. Composed of hydrogen and nitrogen, Ammonia (NH3)
allows for the transport of hydrogen over long distances.
Demonstrating the viability of Ammonia cracking at an industrial
scale, this pilot unit addresses hydrogen transport challenges and
paves the way for new low-carbon hydrogen supply chains. At the

end of 2024, Air Liquide was also selected to receive a 110 million
euro grant from the European Commission Innovation Fund for its
project to build and operate a large-scale ammonia cracking plant
in the Port of Antwerp-Bruges (Belgium), the first of its kind in
Europe, as well as an innovative hydrogen liquefier. This
ammonia cracking technology strengthens Air Liquide’s lowcarbon hydrogen portfolio.
Carbon Capture, Utilization and Sequestration (CCUS) is
essential for hard-to-abate industries. Air Liquide’s Cryocap™
proprietary technology portfolio is expanding: following a first
industrial unit in Port-Jérôme (France), the construction of a
Cryocap™ unit is being finalized in Grandpuits (France) for 2026.
Construction is also underway for the large-scale CO2 capture unit
located in the Port of Rotterdam. This unit will be connected to the
Porthos infrastructure, one of Europe’s largest carbon capture and
storage infrastructures, aiming to reduce the basin’s CO2
emissions by 2.5 million tonnes per year. Furthermore, Air Liquide
will provide its Cryocap™ LQ technology for the Stockholm Exergi
project (in Sweden), for which a Final Investment Decision was
made in March 2025. Operational in 2028, this facility will enable
the safe sequestration of biogenic CO2 under the North Sea.
With its partners, the Group is also exploring the valorization of
captured CO2. Since 2023, Accelair, the Group’s deep tech startup
accelerator, has hosted Aerleum, a French startup developing an
innovative technology to capture CO2 from the air and convert it
into methanol (CH3OH) in a single process. Since 2024, Air
Liquide and its partners MAN, ETA Florence Renewable Energies,
and four university partners (CERTH, Sant’Anna, LRGP, and TU
Delft) have been collaborating on the M2are project. This project,
coordinated by Air Liquide, aims to develop a new process for
producing “maritime methanol” from biogenic CO2 and renewable
hydrogen (H2), in order to support the maritime transport sector in
reducing its CO2 emissions.

7.2.2. Leveraging digital and AI for industrial performance

3.5 billion

data points
collected each day at Air Liquide sites worldwide

For many years, digital and AI have been major drivers of the
Group’s operational performance. Working hand in hand with the
Group Industrial Direction and leveraging generative AI,
Air Liquide’s Innovation teams are taking industrial performance to
the next level.
Across the entire value chain — supply, production, distribution,
customer experience — and for all the Group’s business lines,
Innovation teams design innovative solutions to optimize the
safety, reliability, efficiency, and flexibility of operations.
Thanks to predictive data analysis and artificial intelligence, eight
Smart & Innovative Operations (SIO) Centers enable the Group to
remotely manage the production of its sites and optimize their
energy consumption. Integrating new AI technologies, these
connected centers can predict the best possible performance of
production units in a given context, evaluate their performance in
real time, and assist employees in complex analyses. In a context
marked on one hand by a more diverse and intermittent energy

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

More than 500 projects
using data and AI

production, and on the other by greater fluctuations in demand,
these AI-based modeling tools are also developed at the scale of
industrial basins combining several production units, to optimize
the operations of these sites through a logic of complementarity.
In parallel, Air Liquide relies on digital and AI to further optimize
and standardize the distribution of its bulk and cylinder gases, and
improve the customer experience in Industrial Merchant.
At the end of the chain, artificial intelligence is also a valuable tool
for facilitating relations with customers and patients, assisting
employees, and optimizing the customer experience.

7.2.3. Customer and patient applications
In order to open new markets and opportunities, Air Liquide
constantly innovates with its customers and develops new
applications, drawing on the scientific knowledge and
technological expertise of its employees.

AIR LIQUIDE

67

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

For Electronics customers
Semiconductors are a rapidly growing sector, forming the building
blocks of the data processors, memory, and screens that power
our computers, Internet servers, and smartphones. As the world’s
leading supplier of gases and services to the semiconductor
industry, Air Liquide innovates to provide ultra-high purity gases
and advanced materials that enable the production of ever more
powerful and energy-efficient semiconductors.
Following the commercial launch of Subleem™, an innovative
advanced materials offering, in 2024, Air Liquide commissioned
the world’s largest molybdenum manufacturing plant. Located in
Hwaseong, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea, this unit will provide
major semiconductor customers with Subleem™, comprising a
portfolio of ultra-high purity molybdenum molecules, as well as
first-of-its-kind proprietary distribution systems. The Subleem™
offering was developed and qualified in close collaboration with
semiconductor chip manufacturers. Emerging as a promising
alternative to tungsten, the traditional material for chip
manufacturing, molybdenum is revolutionizing the sector and
enabling the design of the most advanced next-generation
memory and logic chips, driven by the acceleration of Artificial
Intelligence applications.

For deep tech customers
With its long-standing experience in mastering ultra-low
temperatures, Air Liquide is able to support major scientific and
technological projects thanks to its expertise in cryogenics: gas
liquefaction and storage, and distribution of cryogenic fluids.
Among these major projects is the ITER experimental fusion
reactor, for which Air Liquide’s large-scale cryogenic cooling
systems produced the first drops of liquid helium at 4 Kelvin.
In 2025, two scientific customers working on cutting-edge
technologies (High Flux Isotope Reactor – HFIR and
Superconducting Radio-Frequency – SRF) chose Air Liquide’s
proven cryogenic unit technology.
Air Liquide is also part of the SupraMarine project, a consortium
bringing together leading European players, with the aim of
developing a demonstration unit connecting offshore wind farms to
the mainland using superconductivity. Air Liquide will provide
cryogenic units equipped with its Turbo-Brayton technology,
essential for maintaining cables in a superconductive state. It will
also conduct in-depth studies on the system’s thermal performance
and oversee all cryogenic operations. Superconducting cables
could carry enormous amounts of electricity with zero resistance
and almost no loss, thus accelerating the energy transition. Its
Turbo-Brayton technology will also be used in VEIR’s STAR pilot
demonstration facility to cool a High-Temperature Superconducting
(HTS) cable for a data center.
Air Liquide is also part of the Cryonext program in France, led by
the CEA and the CNRS, aiming to rapidly advance and
industrialize the highly complex cooling infrastructure necessary to
develop and deploy a viable quantum computing sector in France.
A partner to the space industry for over 50 years, with 263 Ariane
flights to date, Air Liquide teams contributed to the success of the
first commercial flight of Ariane 6 in 2025. Air Liquide provided the
cryogenic lines and equipment and ensured the maintenance and

68

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

operation of all cryogenic equipment on the launch pad in Kourou,
French Guiana. The Group also provided the fluids necessary for
all launcher preparation sequences (nitrogen and helium) and for
propulsion, specifically liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen. The
onboard observation satellite CSO-3 was also equipped with
cryocooler technology, developed in collaboration with the CNES,
which enables the extreme resolution levels expected for these
observation satellites. Air Liquide was also a proud contributor to
the two successful New Glenn flights in 2025 by providing helium
pressure regulators.

For industrial customers
Air Liquide supports its customers in improving the efficiency and
sustainability of their processes across various industrial sectors.
In the battery sector, Essential small molecules play a critical role
throughout the value chain, from metal mining and refining to endof-life battery recycling. In 2025, Air Liquide accelerated its
innovation activities in this field. In particular, R&D teams have
developed innovations for the production of cathode active
materials, helping customers enhance performance and cyclic
stability, for current and next-generation cathodes, including HighNickel and High-Voltage Mid-Nickel materials. Furthermore,
Air Liquide developed proprietary chemistries that enable the
formation of artificial interfaces (lithium-containing thin films), to
enable most advanced battery technologies such as solid-statebatteries. Also, another strategic focus addresses Advanced
Battery Recycling through innovative hydrometallurgical
processes. Key breakthroughs include the use of CO2 for highefficiency lithium carbonate purification with 100% conversion
efficiency and O2 pressure leaching to selectively extract lithium
from black mass. These initiatives directly support the Group’s
ambition within the growing battery market, while fostering critical
technical engagement with leading global battery manufacturers
and recyclers.
Combustion process optimization is also an important innovation
focus for our customers in the glass, cement, and non-ferrous
metal sectors. In 2025, the Group installed its HeatOx™ technology
on a new oxy-combustion furnace inaugurated by Verallia at the
Campo Bom site in Brazil. HeatOx™ recovers part of the heat from
combustion to preheat the oxygen and natural gas used. The
combination of oxy-combustion and HeatOx™ technology enables
CO2 emissions to be reduced by up to 45%. In parallel, Air Liquide
innovation teams continued industrial tests on customer sites to
replace natural gas with hydrogen. As part of the Precize project
with Imerys, which aims to produce low-carbon specialty binders for
the cement industry, Air Liquide teams developed a dual-flame
burner and tested it on Imerys’ pilot furnace in Dunkirk. Adaptable
to different gas mixtures and power profiles, this versatile burner
can be used for other industrial processes.

For Healthcare
In 2025, Air Liquide deployed OYAN™, a new range of connected
cylinders. OYAN™ was designed with and for healthcare
professionals to simplify the complex process of gas cylinder
management – real-time inventory, cylinder tracking, stock
optimization – allowing them to focus on their medical mission.
130,000 OYAN™ cylinders are currently in use in Europe, in
hospitals, nursing homes, and for emergency services.

AIR LIQUIDE

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Performance

8. Appendix
CONTRIBUTION OF ARGENTINA TO THE RESULTS
Argentina’s contribution is calculated as the difference between the amounts consolidated at Group level and the same amounts
consolidated excluding data from the subsidiary in Argentina. The same method applies to the Gas & Services activity.
Contribution of Argentina to the comparable
growth of revenue in 2025

Total

Large
Industries

Industrial
Merchant

Healthcare

Electronics

Americas

‘+0.5%

‘+1.0%

‘+0.3%

‘+1.0%

—

Gas & Services

‘+0.2%

‘+0.2%

‘+0.2%

‘+0.4%

—

Group

‘+0.2%

—

—

—

—

Total

Large
Industries

Industrial
Merchant

Healthcare

Electronics

Americas

‘+0.7%

‘+0.9%

‘+0.5%

‘+2.2%

—

Gas & Services

‘+0.3%

‘+0.2%

‘+0.3%

‘+0.7%

—

Group

‘+0.3%

—

—

—

—

(in %)

Contribution of the Argentina to the comparable growth
of revenue in 2025
(in %)

2025/2024
Published

Energy impact

Currency impact
Argentina
Excl.
Group
impact Argentina

Group

‘-3.2%

‘-0.5%

‘-2.7%

‘+2.0%

‘+0.3%

‘+1.7%

‘-4.2%

‘-0.9%

‘-3.3%

‘+7.6%

‘+0.4%

‘+7.2%

Growth (in %)

Group

Argentina
Excl.
Group
impact Argentina

Revenue
Operating Income
Recurring

‘-0.4%

‘+0.8%

Group OIR margin
excluding energy
impact
Recurring net
profit

‘+0.0%

‘+3.5%

‘+0.8%

2025/2024 comparable
Argentina
Excl.
impact Argentina

‘+100 bps
‘+6.2%

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

‘+9.7%

no impact
‘+1.3%

‘+8.4%

AIR LIQUIDE

69

INTEGRATED REPORT

CONTENT

Outlook

OUTLOOK
Driven by the mobilization of our teams and the resilience of our business model, the Group delivered a record performance in
2025. Leveraging solid and diversified growth engines, despite a challenging environment, the Group accelerated its business
development and maintained its operational excellence.
Beyond the implementation of innovative projects and numerous commercial successes, 2025 was also marked by strategic
value-creating operations for Air Liquide, including the signing of an agreement to acquire DIG Airgas in South Korea.
Furthermore, the ADVANCE strategic plan, covering the 2022-2025 period, was successfully completed.
In 2026, Air Liquide is very confident in its ability to increase its operating margin (1) by +100 basis points and to deliver
recurring net profit (2) growth, at constant exchange rates.
To provide enhanced visibility on its long-term trajectory, Air Liquide is raising and extending its margin expansion ambition,
demonstrating the Group's confidence in its operational excellence:
■ confirmation of the 2026 objective for operating margin improvement of +100 basis points, excluding the energy impact (1);
■ introduction of a new objective for 2027 to improve the operating margin by +100 basis points, excluding the energy impact;
■ the cumulative ambition thus stands at +560 basis points over the six-year period, 2022-2027.
This reinforced ambition illustrates the Group's commitment to value creation and sustainable performance.
To outline the levers of this long-term financial trajectory, the Group will host a Capital Markets Day in the second half of 2026.

(1)
(2)

70

Excluding the energy impact and excluding the Purchase Price Accounting impact from the DIG Airgas acquisition.
Recurring net profit excluding exceptional and significant transactions that have no impact on the operating income recurring.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

2

Risk factors and
control environment

INTRODUCTION

72

OTHER COVERAGE SYSTEMS

89

RISK FACTORS AND MANAGEMENT
MEASURES

72

Business-related risks
Financial risks
Digital risks
Environmental risks
Geopolitical, regulatory, legal and public affairs risks

73
78
80
81
82

Property damage and business interruption
Civil liability
Reinsurance company

89
89
89

VIGILANCE PLAN

90

Introduction
Vigilance Plan cross-reference table
Effective implementation report for the year 2025

90
92
95

CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

84

Organization
Risk management
Internal control
Financial and accounting information
Monitoring of control systems

84
85
85
86
87

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

71

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Introduction

INTRODUCTION
Chapter 2 below covers the description of the risk factors and related management measures referred to in article 16 of Regulation (EU)
2017/1129 dated June 14, 2017 (“Prospectus Regulation III”), as well as the Vigilance Plan pursuant to article L. 225-102-4 of the French
Commercial Code.
Furthermore, the Sustainability Statement as defined by article L. 232-6-3 of the French Commercial Code and published in Chapter 5 of
this Universal Registration Document — page 284, presents the main issues relating to financial materiality and impacts related to the
Group’s businesses.
This Universal Registration Document is committed to complying with the various principles governing Prospectus Regulation III, the
Vigilance Plan and the Sustainability Statement in the following manner:
■ material risk factors which are specific to the issuer, after taking into account the related management measures (net risks,
Prospectus Regulation III), are presented in the Risk factors and management measures section of this chapter of the Universal
Registration Document – page 72;
■ the mapping of risks relating to the duty of vigilance complements the Company’s mapping by identifying risks that the Company
could pose to individuals (in terms of the respect of human rights and fundamental freedoms, health and safety), and to the
environment. The most pertinent risks are identified in order to be addressed as a matter of priority through the drafting of prevention,
mitigation or remedial measures (Vigilance Plan section of this chapter – page 90);
■ the Sustainability Statement, which includes a Double Materiality Assessment, was prepared following the guidelines of Directive (EU)
2022/2464, the “CSRD” (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive), and is presented in Chapter 5 of this Universal Registration
Document — page 284.

RISK FACTORS AND
MANAGEMENT MEASURES
The Group identifies the risk factors to which it is exposed using a
formal risk management approach. This presentation of risk
factors and related management measures is based on the
reference framework of the internal control and risk management
system, developed under the supervision of the French financial
market authority. It was prepared with contributions from several
Departments (particularly Finance, Sustainable Development,
Group Control and Compliance, Legal, Industrial, Safety and
Industrial Systems).
The risks presented below, at the date of this Universal
Registration Document, are the risks that the Group considers
may have a significant negative impact on its business, results,
outlook, or reputation, should they occur. The list of these risks is,
however, not exhaustive and other risks, unknown at the date of
this document, could occur and have a negative effect on the
Group’s business.

72

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The Group is committed to regularly assessing the risks and
reducing the likelihood that they will occur or their potential impact
by implementing internal control and risk management procedures,
as well as formalized and specific action plans. These procedures,
as well as the Group’s principles, are included in a Global
Reference Manual, called the BlueBook, which is the cornerstone
of the Group’s internal control and risk management system.
Risk factors are presented below as net risks (taking into account
management measures already implemented) and divided into
categories according to their nature. In each category, the most
significant risk factors are presented first (in bold).
Among the risk categories, the two most significant specific risks
for the Air Liquide Group are both related to its business: these
are industrial risks and industrial investment-related risks.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Risk factors and management measures

Risk categories

Risk factors

Industrial risks
Industrial investment-related risks
Energy sourcing-related risks
Business-related risks

Risks relating to the design and construction of production units
Innovation-related risks
Human Resources management-related risks
Customer risks
Counterparty and liquidity risks

Financial risks

Foreign exchange risks
Interest rate risks
Tax risks

Digital risks

Digital risks
Climate risks: greenhouse gas emissions

Environmental risks

Climate risks: physical impact on operations
Water management risk
Geopolitical risks

Geopolitical, regulatory, legal and public affairs risks

Risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations
Risks related to public policies

Impacts related to the military conflict
between Russia and Ukraine
Due to the changing geopolitical context and local constraints, the
Group’s businesses in Russia are no longer controlled nor
consolidated since September 1, 2022.

In addition, a Russian Presidential Decree placed the businesses
under the authority of a Provisional Administrator in August 2025.
Nevertheless, at this time Air Liquide remains the owner of nonconsolidated securities. The Company may bear any risks related
to its status as a shareholder.

1. Business-related risks
The industrial gas business is characterized by a significant
technology content (both in the design phase and the construction
of production units), local production units, high capital intensity,
and substantial energy requirements.
Various risks are associated with these characteristics. They are
mitigated by various factors, including primarily the diversity of
industries and customers served by the Group, the multiple gas
applications that it offers them, as well as the large number of
geographies in which it operates. In addition, a significant share of
business is subject to contracts, a strict investment project
authorization and management process, and a tailored energy policy.

1.1. INDUSTRIAL RISKS
Identification and description of risks
Industrial risks are linked to the various products, industrial
processes and distribution methods implemented by the Group.
They are distributed over a large number of local production sites.
Over and above the usual risks inherent in all industrial activities,
Air Liquide’s businesses entail more specific risks relating to:
■ products: the intrinsic properties of industrial gases
manufactured, transformed, or packaged by the Group classifies
them in the dangerous materials category; the use of these
industrial gases requires specific means of control and
protection in order to prevent risks such as:
– anoxia, associated with inert gases,
– over-oxygenation or fires, associated with oxygen and
oxygen mixtures or flammable gases,
– toxicity, associated with certain specialty gases;

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

■ processes and their operation:
– cryogenics is used to separate gases by distillation, store
them and transport them. This very low-temperature
technique is connected with a risk of cryogenic burns from
liquefied gases,
– likewise, high-temperature techniques, which are used in
particular in the production of hydrogen, are particularly
exposed to risks of burns, fire or explosions,
– in addition, pressure is central to the Group’s processes.
Pressurized equipment must be designed with safety
devices which limit the risk of accidents and damage
caused by an uncontrolled increase of pressure,
– for some of these processes, the constantly growing needs
of the Group’s customers may require the use of
increasingly large equipment or capacity: in certain cases,
additional measures have to be implemented to prevent the
level of risk from increasing,
– lastly, the energy transition is driving the Group to deploy
new technologies, such as PEM (Proton Exchange
Membrane) electrolyzers, carbon capture equipment,
Ammonia cracking, Autothermal Reforming (ATR)
equipment, etc. Each of these technologies undergoes a
preliminary in-depth risk analysis in order to define the
most appropriate control and protection elements, in close
collaboration with the partners that may be involved in the
manufacturing of this equipment;
■ logistics and transportation: each year, delivery vehicles, sales
staff and technicians travel hundreds of millions of kilometers.
Non-compliance with traffic regulations or the lack of regular
maintenance of vehicles would expose drivers and third
parties to increased risks of accidents. In addition, industrial
sites use a lot of motorized lifting equipment, which presents
specific risks (collision, falling loads, etc.). Training and
certification are thus required to operate them;

AIR LIQUIDE

73

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Risk factors and management measures

■ engineering and construction: industrial risks are factored in
and must commence at the design phase of future installations.
During the construction phase, the lack of a strict accident
prevention framework would affect the coordination among the
various stakeholders and expose teams to risks of accidents;
■ delivery reliability: the Group is exposed to the risk of faults in
the systems supplying gas to customers, which could lead to a
disruption to supply, in terms of quality or volumes;
■ any failure to comply with specific standards and regulations,
in particular in healthcare, with the risk of non-compliance of
products and services provided to customers and patients.

Risk management measures
To manage these risks, the Group has an Industrial Management
System (IMS) that covers all Air Liquide’s businesses. The IMS is
based on:
■ the accountability of the Departments of the various Group
entities for the implementation of this system;
■ the issue of key management and organizational procedures
that aim to ensure:
– compliance with standards and regulations,
– competence management (training, qualifications if necessary,
and more),
– process risk management,
– occupational
health,
safety
and
environmental
management,
– road safety management,
– industrial emergency management,
– change management,
– maintenance management,
– control of products and services from providers,
– management of installation projects,
– management of product development,
– management of production and service provision,
– incident and accident reporting and investigation,
– management of industrial audits,
– deployment of shared technical standards within the Group
entities.
The IMS document base is continuously updated and enriched.
The Safety and Industrial System Department and the Industrial
Department, under the supervision of a member of the Executive
Committee, supervise and control the implementation of the IMS,
by notably relying on:

1.2. INDUSTRIAL
INVESTMENT-RELATED RISKS
Identification and description of risks
The Group may be exposed to risks related to its industrial
investments. The profitability of each investment project can be
affected by different factors, related on the one hand to strategic
aspects of the project, namely geographical location, assessment
of the local context including the economic environment (inflation),
customer quality and the competitiveness of its site and the
environmental or societal impact of the project; and on the other
hand to the proper control of the execution of the project, which
includes in particular the relevance of the design, the maturity of
the cost estimate, and lastly the quality and respect of
construction deadlines and budgets.
Moreover, in new emerging markets such as those related to the
energy transition, the Group may be exposed to additional risks.
These are linked to the degree of maturity of certain technologies
(in particular for “First-of-its-Kind” pilot projects, led by the
dedicated FoiK committee), the scale of the projects and the
speed at which these new markets open up.

Risk management measures
The BlueBook’s operations control policy sets out the control
principles for the Group’s industrial investments, the
implementation of which is set out in the investment decisions
procedure. The latter includes in particular:
■ a detailed process, within the Resources and Investment
Committees (described in paragraph 3 of the Strategy and
objectives section of Chapter 1 – page 46), for the review and
approval of investment requests based on strict assessment
criteria that include in particular medium-term contractual
commitments, as well as consideration of the environmental
impact of projects;
■ control of investment decisions through the specific follow-up
of authorizations granted as well as contributions expected
and seen during the initial years. In addition, the subsidiaries
are obliged to report (above certain thresholds) all budget
overruns and implement corrective action plans aimed to
ensure the profitability of the investments concerned; they are
supported by teams of experts (“Group Capital
Implementation” teams) in order to secure good preparation
and execution, in particular for the largest projects;

■ various dashboards designed to monitor performance in terms
of reliability and safety;

■ more in-depth analysis of the profitability of certain major
investments (comparative analysis prior and subsequent to
completion).

■ process audits to verify the implementation conditions and
compliance of operations with IMS requirements;

1.3. ENERGY SOURCING-RELATED RISKS (1)

■ thorough reviews prior to the start-up of any new production
unit to prevent any accidents or failures due to a construction
defect;
■ technical audits to ensure the compliance of operations with
Group rules.
As part of its Transformation program, Air Liquide has
implemented several changes including the creation of a single
global Group Industrial Direction.
The evolution of the reliability and safety performance and their
level of compliance with IMS requirements are regularly monitored
by the Executive Committee as well as by the Environment and
Society Committee.

Identification and description of risks
Electricity and natural gas are the main raw materials used by
production units. Their availability is thus essential to the Group.
When the local market permits, Group subsidiaries secure the
energy sourcing through medium to long-term supply
commitments and competitive bidding scenarios with local
suppliers with the objective of achieving the most reliable and
competitive energy costs, with a low-carbon footprint, available on
the market.
Risks to which the Group is exposed when sourcing energy and
raw materials relate to:
■ the supply of energy and raw materials (access and reliability,
in particular counterparty risk, etc.);
■ their carbon footprint;

(1)

74

ESRS 2 SBM-1 §42 (a).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Risk factors and management measures

■ volumes (non-compliance with obligations and commitments
on volumes, etc.);

■ unexpected technical difficulties may also arise, in particular
when a new innovative process is implemented;

■ prices (volatility, competitiveness, etc.);

■ certain projects are located in regions of the world that may
present political, social, environmental or economic risks.

■ compliance with current regulations (market transparency
rules, Sapin 2 Law, etc.);
■ changes in local regulations on energy and its deregulation.
Financial risk relating to raw materials is described in note 25.1 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 248.
Moreover, and in addition to energy and raw materials, the Group
may be temporarily exposed to supply shortages for certain
molecules which are only produced at a limited number of sites, in
particular with worldwide reach, such as helium and rare gases.

Risk management measures
Due to the geographic spread of Group activities, its supply
contracts are diversified.
The management of exposure to specific energy-sourcing risks is
described in the Group’s Energy management policy and is based
on two principles:
■ energy purchasing must exclusively cover internal production
needs (“own-use”);
■ entities pass on energy cost fluctuations to their customers via
indexed invoicing integrated into their long-term gas supply
contracts (15 years and more). The risks of supplier shortages/
default are also covered by Force Majeure clauses in customer
contracts.
The Group works to maintain these principles in the context of the
supply of industrial gases produced from renewable or low-carbon
energy (for which new risks must be taken into account: long-term
commitment, fixed price, intermittency, management of
environmental certificates, etc.).
The “E-Enrisk” Group Energy & Emissions Risk Management
Committee reviews the energy sourcing strategies of the entities,
examines the most significant commitments and ensures that
commitments made are consistent with the Group’s climate strategy
(both upstream of investment decisions and for existing assets).
The composition of the “E-Enrisk” Committee is detailed in
paragraph 5 of the Control environment section of this chapter –
page 88.
Moreover, risks relating to the sourcing of certain molecules
produced at a limited number of sites with worldwide reach are
managed by a strategy of diversifying sources, storing molecules
and securing procurement through long-term contracts.

1.4. RISKS RELATING TO THE DESIGN
AND CONSTRUCTION
OF PRODUCTION UNITS
Identification and description of risks
Air Liquide’s engineering team designs and builds production units
worldwide which are primarily intended for Group investments, but
also for third-party customers.
As these projects generally extend over several years, they are
exposed, at their various stages, to risks relating to design,
purchasing, transport or construction and more generally the
overall quality, schedule and costs. Risks relating to these
projects are often greater during the construction phase, in
particular for turnkey projects:
■ the quality and delivery times for critical equipment, on the one
hand, and on-site construction costs and deadlines on the
other may give rise to project start-up setbacks and impact
project profitability;

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Risk management measures
Engineering and project management teams have implemented a
risk management system for the development and execution of all
their projects (of varying size and complexity and which use
different types of technology), which is described in the document
specific to this activity, the “Playbook”.
This system relies in particular on an Engineering & Technology
Risk Committee (ERC). Based on feedback from ongoing and
completed projects, it aims to ensure proper risk assessment
throughout the life of the projects as well as the implementation of
appropriate management measures:
■ during the development stage: by identifying potential threats
(but also opportunities) that may have an impact on the
project’s objectives during the forthcoming execution stage,
thus allowing adequate decisions to be made;
■ during the execution stage: by continuing to regularly assess
and mitigate already-identified risks which could change, occur
or disappear, but also by identifying and dealing with any new
threats which could have an impact on the contractual
commitments, stakeholder engagement (suppliers and
subcontractors), technical integrity or the performance of the
project right through until its completion.

1.5. INNOVATION-RELATED RISKS
1.5.1. Technology-related risks
Identification and description of risks
The Group operates in a fast-moving environment, with the
emergence of new products, new players, new business models
and new technologies, thus creating a strong need for
technological developments in its main markets, such as
hydrogen energy or even healthcare. These changes may impact
the Group’s activities or its position in a market. The Group’s
growth possibilities, therefore, depend on its ability to respond to
this change over time.
The acceleration of digital technologies, and in particular artificial
intelligence (AI), brings considerable transformation challenges.
This may have an impact on the Group’s business model,
organization and competitiveness. The Group’s exposure to risk
primarily stems from:
■ the implementation of AI, which is evolving at a rapid pace;
■ the security and quality of a growing volume of data relating to
customers, patients and its own assets.

Risk management measures
The Group has introduced a dedicated structure to roll out its
innovation strategy which focuses on two objectives: contributing
to its operational excellence and long-term performance, based
on new offerings, technologies and services. Thus, the Innovation
Department drives the Group’s innovation strategy and
contributes to its sustainable growth.
Drawing on continuous reflection regarding new technologies and
new markets, the Innovation department is responsible for
imagining, developing and incubating new solutions through to
their launch on the market, in particular when related to offerings
with major technological content, all while maximizing their impact
and facilitating replication across all of the Group’s businesses
and geographies. To do this, it relies in particular on the strong
exploration capacity of the Group’s R&D, its organization as close
as possible to its customers with six Campuses on three
continents, its integration in innovation ecosystems and its
Engineering & Technologies business.

AIR LIQUIDE

75

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Risk factors and management measures

■ the energy transition and preservation of the planet (a
significant portion of the innovation spend is allocated to the
elaboration of new processes which consume less energy and
allow CO2 emissions to be reduced);

Air Liquide, through its technologies, processes, designs and
software, always makes sure to respect the intellectual property
rights of others. If a third party claims otherwise and in the event
of litigation, regardless of the merits, such claims generally result
in significant legal costs, including potential damage to the
Group’s reputation. Risks may also arise in the treatment of third
parties’ confidential information, including trade secrets, in the
Group’s day-to-day operational activities or in the context of
collaborations.

■ healthcare;

Risk management measures

■ digital, data and artificial intelligence;

Governance relating to intellectual property and related risk
management principles are set out in the Group Policy and
procedures aimed to:

The Group continually adapts its innovation approach and invests
each year in Research & Development and digital technology. In
recent years, it has strengthened its open innovation approach, in
particular with the signing of long-term joint development
agreements with key partners, regarding:

■ electronics;
■ deep tech (disruptive technologies): cryogenic equipment,
space exploration, etc.
Five Innovation Campuses and one Technologies Campus,
located across the globe, aim to create a connected network
which is open to its innovation partners – universities and
technology institutes, suppliers, customers and start-ups. The
Group thus relies on an ecosystem made up of some 300 external
partners.
The Group has put in place a robust innovation governance
process, from idea to market. In particular, it reviews initiatives
whose results are not at the expected level (see paragraph 3.4 of
the Strategy and objectives section in Chapter 1 – page 48), and
prioritizes initiatives with the highest impact each year.
The Group leverages digital solutions, data and artificial
intelligence as strategic differentiating factors, generating
significant Group-wide value and improving the experience for
employees, customers and patients.
To create the ethical conditions and trust necessary for the rollout
of this transformative technology, Air Liquide adapted its
organization and implemented an AI governance framework. This
includes an AI charter, which incorporates the Group’s ethics
approach and values, and defines the implementation principles
for the safe, responsible and human-centered use of AI. In
addition, the Group has developed and integrated into its
processes a framework to assess the risks related to the use of AI.

1.5.2. Intellectual property-related risks
Identification and description of risks
The global environment shows particular interest in intellectual
property as well as, in certain jurisdictions, greater attention to the
protection of trade secrets. The Group’s business is not
significantly dependent on technologies patented by third parties;
it relies mainly on technologies, processes, designs and software
developed internally, in particular by its Innovation, Digital & IT,
Engineering & Technologies teams, its World Business Lines, and
its Operations teams. Innovation is also increasingly achieved in
partnership with third parties; the Group develops certain
innovative businesses through partnerships, buying shares in
innovative entities, or acquisitions.
Limitations on the Group’s ability to protect, retain or enforce its
intellectual property rights, including its trade secrets, could result
in a loss of revenue and any competitive advantage that the Group
holds. Third parties may also be able to develop an independent
technology similar to that of Air Liquide without infringing its
intellectual property rights or having access to its trade secrets,
which could harm the Group’s financial position or profitability.

76

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

■ ensure the protection of the Group’s intellectual assets, by
protecting the Group’s inventions, designs, brands and
software;
■ ensure that Air Liquide complies with all valid intellectual
property rights of third parties in all its areas of activity;
■ in the case of partnerships and collaborations with third
parties, support stakeholders within the Group to manage risks
related to intellectual property;
■ raise awareness among employees of the risks relating to
intellectual property.
To this end, the Group relies on an Intellectual Property
Department whose employees are based at the Group’s head
office and in the main geographic regions.
Across all of the Group’s businesses, the health sector is
particularly competitive in terms of innovation and intellectual
property disputes are common.
The Group states that, to the best of its knowledge, there are no
legal or arbitration proceedings relating to intellectual property,
either current or threatened, which may have or have had, in the
past 12 months, significant impacts on the Group’s financial
situation or profitability.

1.6. HUMAN RESOURCES
MANAGEMENT-RELATED RISKS
Identification and description of risks
The long-term performance of the Air Liquide Group is driven, in
particular, by its employees, their skills and their commitment.
In its businesses, the Group aims to:
■ attract and retain the required skills at the right time and in the
right place, in particular in markets where the Group is
expanding its activities, or in geographies where the
employment market is strained;
■ maintain and develop technical expertise, where possible
through certification, to guarantee the continuity of the Group’s
businesses;
■ strengthen employability and support the development of skills
in new disciplines (data science, artificial intelligence, etc.) to
meet the needs related to the digitalization of its activities or
towards new businesses such as hydrogen or decarbonization.

AIR LIQUIDE

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Risk factors and management measures

The corresponding
shortcomings in:

risks

would

arise, in

particular, from

■ skills development;
■ the management of careers and opportunities;
■ the recognition of performance and contributions, in particular
in certain areas of expertise.
In addition to risks relating to skills management, psychosocial
risks may also affect the mental health and level of commitment of
Group employees, particularly in the recent context of the
digitalization of the working environment, which has transformed
operating methods.
Furthermore, Air Liquide contributes to economic and social growth
in the 59 countries (1) where it operates through its technical,
industrial, medical and economic businesses. Air Liquide therefore
identifies and applies the applicable laws and regulations, in
particular in terms of working conditions and labor relations.

Risk management measures
The Group is committed to identifying, attracting and developing
the necessary scientific, technical and digital skills required for its
growth, its operational performance and innovation. To this end,
the Human Resources policy defines the main rules, together with
the roles and responsibilities of the different parties involved in
their implementation, with respect to issues including:
■ acquisition and sustainability of the necessary skills.
Air Liquide relies on the 70-20-10 learning model, which
considers that 70% of learning takes place through practice,
20% through observation or interaction and 10% through
training. To this end, Air Liquide University offers a wide range
of training courses, particularly online (e-learning), in a wide
variety of fields and regularly enriched with new content,
meeting the specific needs of the organization and recently
including digital, artificial intelligence and the energy transition;
■ supporting employees in their individual development
throughout their careers through career interviews during
which employees discuss their career plans with their line
manager and/or their HR manager;
■ changes in working methods within the Group. In its
BeActEngage framework, Air Liquide specifies what is
expected of employees in order to enable them to evolve in a
safe, ethical and engaging environment to deliver long-term
performance. For the Group, it is also a means of ensuring its
operational performance. This framework is available to all
Group employees;
■ performance measurement and recognition based on results
and behavior to offer all employees fair, equitable and
competitive total compensation. In addition to employee
remuneration and loyalty policies (regular capital increases
reserved for employees, in countries where regulations allow
this), specific provisions are aimed to promote and sustain
certain skills, such as inventor and innovator recognition
programs, and the technical expertise development scheme
(Technical Community Leaders) in a wide range of fields such
as industrial operations, industrial safety and digital.
More generally, the Group ensures the building of a performancefocused, attractive and collaborative professional environment
while also safeguarding the health and well-being of Group
employees. Their engagement is measured with the My Voice
program: a questionnaire is submitted each year to all employees,
asking them about their experience within the Company. The
results are studied in order to define and implement appropriate
action plans at the various levels of the organization.

(1)

The growth in remote working has increased the use of digital
tools to ensure business continuity. Employees’ adjustment to this
new way of working was facilitated by the existence of a digital
and collaborative environment that had already been rolled out
within the Group several years ago, as well as the development of
virtual training courses covering remote working and team
management. In this context, the Group rolled out a global
framework to support new ways of working.

1.7. CUSTOMER RISKS
Identification and description of risks
The primary customer risk is the risk of bankruptcy or closure of a
customer’s production site. More generally, the business of some
of the Group’s customers may be interrupted following natural or
man-made disasters, including those resulting from changes in
weather conditions, pandemics, climate change, or following
major political events (including war and nationalization).
The amount of operating receivables as well as provisions for
doubtful receivables are shown in note 17 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements on page 227.

Risk management measures
The diversity of the Group’s geographic presence across
59 countries (1), as well as the industries and sectors in which it
works, helps distribute customer risk. The Group’s entities serve a
very large number of customers (more than two million worldwide)
in a broad range of industries: electronics, healthcare,
pharmaceuticals, chemicals, steel, metals, refining, food,
automotive, etc.
The Group’s largest customer represents 2% of revenue, the
Group’s top 10 customers represent around 12% of sales and the
top 50 customers represent around 28% of sales.
A significant part of the Industrial Gas business is covered by
customer contracts, with commitment periods specific to the
relevant business line:
■ the Large Industries business and a third of the Electronics
business mainly rely on 15-to 20-year take-or-pay secured
contracts, ensuring a guaranteed minimum revenue and
offering strong future cash flow predictability;
■ the contracts in the Industrial Merchant business, generally
with a duration of one to five years, also include services
relating to storage and cylinders over the lifetime of the supply
contract;
■ in the Healthcare business, positions vary between health
systems, with certain countries awarding one to five-year
contracts on a regional and pathology basis following
invitations to tender.
Finally, the impact on the Group of the risks of customer business
interruption can be offset by the necessary recourse to gases or
equipment manufactured by the Group in critical situations. Gases
are needed to secure industrial installations or chemical facilities
(inert gases), maintain local industrial activity (essential to
industrial processes) or even sustain life (medical gases and
equipment). The Group’s businesses are therefore often protected
or prioritized depending on the situation.

Excluding Russia, where the entities are no longer controlled nor consolidated since September 1, 2022.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

77

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Risk factors and management measures

2. Financial risks
The Group’s financial policy sets out the management principles
for the financial risks to which its business is exposed. In this
context, the Group has defined and regularly reviews the terms of
the financial procedures which forbid speculative transactions
notably on financial instruments.

Moreover, to reduce risks relating to the default of a financial
counterparty, the Group has adopted a conservative approach to
its short-term investments and only works with leading banks and
financial institutions rated at least A or A2, over the long term,
except in exceptional and justified circumstances.

Financial decision-making governance is the responsibility of the
Finance Committees (Strategic Finance Committee and
Operational Finance Committee), with the former considering
issues relating to the financing strategy and the latter dealing with
the practical methods of its implementation.

Investments must therefore be made with key banks (i.e. leading
banks selected according to their financing resources, their
geographical and product coverage, ESG performance, as well as
their financial stability), with maturities of less than three months,
be highly liquid and have low volatility. The ratings of key banks
and risk indicators available on the markets are monitored on a
daily basis using real-time financial information services.

2.1. COUNTERPARTY
AND LIQUIDITY RISKS
Identification and description of risks
Counterparty risk primarily relates to trade receivables, short-term
investments, derivative hedging instruments and credit facilities
contracted with each bank.
Trade receivables risks relate to receivables on the balance sheet
that may remain unpaid in the long term, in particular in the event
of the financial hardship of a customer.
Short-term investment and deposit risk is mainly related to shortterm cash deposits in the event that one of the Group’s key banks
defaults and, to a lesser extent, an impairment loss due to the use
of monetary funds for a portion of the portfolio.
Hedging derivative risk relates to the positive market value of
transactions which would be lost in the event of the default of one
or more counterparties, and the need to substitute new hedges
under potentially less favorable conditions.
Finally, the main risk related to credit facilities is that the facility is
unavailable when a drawdown is required.
Note 25.1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes
counterparty and liquidity risk for the year ended December 31,
2025 – page 245.
Notes 17.1 and 17.2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
provide a breakdown of trade and other operating receivables and
provisions for doubtful receivables on page 227.

Risk management measures
With industrial projects and acquisition transactions, customer
counterparty risk is one of the key elements assessed by the
Resources and Investments Committees.
For long-term contracts, an assessment of a potential customer’s
credit profile is carried out before any contact is made. This
assessment is then taken into account in the payment terms
proposed to customers.
For the Group’s major customers (in 2025, 150 customers,
generating around 35% of sales), counterparty risk is monitored
on a monthly basis using ratings provided by financial rating
agencies, or via an internal financial rating (when an explicit
published rating does not exist). The actual structure of contracts,
in particular for Large Industries and Electronics, reduces risks in
that these medium to long-term contracts include safeguarding
clauses for the Group.

Cash pooling with the help of international cash pooling (a daily
leveling system towards Air Liquide Finance) and the policy of
annual extraction of subsidiaries’ dividends also help limit the
amount of local cash in each country.
To minimize the risk relating to the market value of hedging
derivatives used to manage currency and interest rate risk and
that of fluctuations in raw material and energy prices, the Group
works with its key banks on one hand, while also ensuring it
diversifies its transactions. These transactions are governed by
Framework-contracts (Fédération Bancaire Française or
International Swaps and Derivatives Association contracts). The
Group has decided not to use a collateralization mechanism due
to the low average duration of these derivatives and the cash
fluctuations that may result from margin call mechanisms.
Lastly, in terms of financing, to ensure its development and
independence, the Group sees that it has permanent liquidity, i.e.
sufficient financing capacities with a wide and diversified panel of
key banks and money and bond markets, relying in particular on a
responsible and sustainable financing framework (Sustainable
Financing Framework making it possible to issue green bonds)
that is available at any time and at the lowest cost.

2.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISKS
Identification and description of risks
The Group, due to its international presence, is naturally exposed
to foreign currency fluctuations with, on one hand, a transaction
risk and, on the other hand, a risk relating to the translation of its
financial statements into euros (the Group’s reporting currency).
Foreign exchange transaction risk relates, on one hand, to the
foreign currency commercial cash flows of operating entities and,
on the other hand, cash flows arising from royalties, technical
support and dividends.
Translation risk relates to the publication of the Group’s Financial
Statements in euros from the entities’ financial statements in local
currencies, without an impact on the profitability of the Group’s
businesses.
Note 24.5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements presents net
debt by currency on page 243 and note 25.1 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements on pages 244 to 248 describes the foreign
exchange risk management process, as well as the derivative
hedging instruments used and sensitivity to foreign currency
exchange rates.

In certain cases (mainly Europe and the United States), the risk of
losses on certain trade receivables is transferred to the banks
through non-recourse factoring programs.

78

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Risk factors and management measures

Risk management measures
Since industrial and medical gases are not transported over long
distances, most products are manufactured in the country where
they are sold. The Group considers that its activities and its
profitability have a low level of exposure to currency fluctuations.
The Group has nevertheless defined methods for hedging its main
foreign exchange risks, whether this is borne by the holding
companies or the operating entities, in terms of authorized
hedging instruments, the decision process and the execution of
transactions.
These measures are supplemented by management rules adapted
to local circumstances, which are aimed to ensure compliance and
security of transactions and optimize management.
The application of this financial policy is controlled by the Finance
Department. The majority of transactions are executed directly on
a centralized basis with the subsidiaries and over-the-counter
markets, which is completed by consolidated reports provided by
various Group entities on a monthly or quarterly basis, depending
on the type of risk.
The activities are managed on the basis of highly separated
duties, using a multilateral negotiation platform, cash management
software, and a communication platform linked to the international
banking communication network “SWIFT”. An independent auditor
is mandated to conduct an annual assessment of the Group’s
level of compliance with Swift’s Customer Security Program. The
assessment showed that the ecosystem and internal security
procedures are in line with Swift requirements.
Furthermore, the Group provides a natural hedge and reduces its
exposure to exchange rate fluctuations by raising debt in the
currency of the cash flows generated to repay the debt. Thus,
financing is raised either in local currency or, when sales contracts
are indexed in euros or US dollars, in hard currencies (EUR or USD).

2.3. INTEREST RATE RISKS
Identification and description of risks
The interest rate risk is mainly linked to the fluctuation of future
cash flows on debt when the rate is variable.
In addition, in the case of a significant increase in interest rates
upon future renewals of bonds, the Group may find itself obliged
to devote a more significant portion of cash flows from its
operational activities to service its debt.
Note 24.3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements – page 241 –
presents the fixed-rate portion of debt and note 25.1 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements – pages 244 to 248 –
describes the sensitivity of the Group’s financial expenses to
interest rate fluctuations and the interest rate repricing schedule
for fixed-rate debt and interest rate risk hedging instruments.

Risk management measures
The Group’s strategy is to maintain, over a medium-to long-term
period, a majority of total debt at fixed rates, notably by using firm
or option hedges.
Centralized interest rate hedging methods have also been defined
for each major currency in which debt is held (in particular EUR,
USD, JPY, and CNY, which represent around 90% of total net
debt) including:
■ the selection of authorized tools, in particular swaps and
interest rate options;
■ hedging decision processes;
■ methods of executing transactions.
For debt in other currencies, rules have been defined in order to
ensure that the transactions initiated to hedge interest rate risk
are consistent with Group objectives.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Moreover, pre-hedging transactions for future highly probable
issues are regularly implemented to protect the Group against an
increase in interest rates.
With few exceptions, all interest rate transactions are centrally
processed by Air Liquide Finance, and regularly valued using both
internally designed tools and an independent specialized firm.

2.4. TAX RISKS
Identification and description of risks
The Group is exposed to tax risk in certain countries, due to
changes in applicable regulations, which may have an impact on
its activities or its results. This risk may arise from:
■ sudden unfavorable
regulations;

changes

in

local

or

international

■ challenges in the application of current regulations or
standards;
■ errors when completing tax returns;
■ regular audits by tax authorities which could lead to
disagreements over the interpretation of facts.

Risk management measures
As far as tax is concerned, the Group focuses on complying with
laws and regulations. Modifications of laws and regulations are
followed and monitored by its Tax Department and its local
Finance Departments.
The Group’s tax Charter supports its ambition to remain a leader
in its sector by acting in a responsible manner, consistent with the
Group’s long-term growth strategy. Air Liquide has defined the
following principles which govern its tax policy, in line with article
L. 22-10-36 of the French Commercial Code:
■ Group entities must respect the laws and regulations in force,
as well as the international standards that affect it such as
those of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
Development (OECD), in particular on transfer prices;
■ Group entities ensure that tax returns and payments are
completed in compliance with local regulations. They complete
the required tax returns according to the jurisdictions in which
the Group operates;
■ the Group is committed to acting with integrity in all tax-related
matters. It aims to operate in a transparent manner and build
constructive, long-term relationships with the tax authorities;
■ the Group deals with tax-related matters by banning tax
havens and does not make use of shell corporations without
economic or commercial substance;
■ the Group protects value for its Shareholders by taking
measures to minimize double taxation phenomena.
Furthermore, it acts to minimize fiscal risk. Its tax strategy is in
line with the Group’s strategy and complies with the Code of
Conduct.

Tax policy followed by the Group
Air Liquide applies a tax compliance and transparency policy,
guaranteed by the presence of qualified and dedicated teams of tax
experts who are up to date with the latest tax reforms and respect
the Group’s values. The Group is committed to acting with integrity
in all tax-related matters. In the countries where it operates, the
Group maintains transparent, constructive and long-term
relationships with the tax authorities, providing them with the
information they need within a reasonable period of time.
L’Air Liquide S.A., on its own behalf and on behalf of its integrated
French subsidiaries, was the first company to sign the “Fiscal
Partnership” with the French tax authorities. By signing this
partnership in March 2019, L’Air Liquide S.A. and its subsidiaries
have entered a trust-based, transparent relationship with the French
tax authorities. This commitment continues without interruption.

AIR LIQUIDE

79

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Risk factors and management measures

The Group ensures that its operations comply with tax
regulations, so that it pays an appropriate amount of tax according
to the place where the value of its business activity is created,
without artificially transferring value within low-tax jurisdictions.
The Group does not use opaque structures or entities in tax
havens and does not withhold useful information from the tax
authorities. It does not use structures that lack economic or
commercial substance.
The Group applies an intra-group cash flow policy that complies
with the OECD principles. In particular, it applies the arm’s length
principle to transfer pricing and does not use transfer pricing as a
tax planning tool. As the Group’s organizational structure is
decentralized, its intra-group transactions are very limited and
represent a small proportion of total sales.
Air
Liquide
complies
with
Reporting” (CBCR) obligations.

the

“Country-by-Country

Organization and governance of the tax function
The subsidiaries’ tax affairs are the responsibility of their Finance
Departments. Due to their size, some subsidiaries have a
specialized Tax Department reporting to the Finance Department,

such as in France, the United States, Germany, China, Canada,
Italy, Benelux and Spain. In some cases, a Cluster Tax
Department reporting to the Cluster’s Finance Department has
been set up to coordinate taxation in several countries, such as in
South-East Asia and Africa/Middle East.
All these country or Cluster Tax Departments have a functional link
with the Group’s Tax Department, which is based at the Head
Office. The latter coordinates the network of tax teams, in particular
through regular meetings to identify significant issues, provide the
appropriate technical support and the necessary guidance.
The Group Tax Department is part of the Group’s Finance
Department. It maintains links with the various financial, legal and
other organizations in order to keep abreast of the Group’s
operations. It participates in the Finance Committee, an internal
Group committee, to ensure the tax position complies with the Tax
Charter. The Department presents the Group’s main tax risks to
the Audit and Accounts Committee at least once a year. In addition,
given the importance of the negotiations underway at the OECD to
develop the so-called Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 rules, the Group’s Tax
Department joined the OECD working groups in 2021 and will
participate constructively in this work for as long as necessary.

3. Digital risks
3.1. DIGITAL RISKS
Identification and description of risks
The Group’s activities, expertise and, more generally, its relations
with all stakeholders (suppliers, customers, banks, communities of
experts, etc.) depend on increasingly dematerialized and digitized
operations. These operations are based on information systems
and interdependent communication networks to be secured to
preserve their integrity, availability, security and confidentiality of
data, sometimes subject to specific regulations.
Given the Group’s global markets, industrial sites and the still
significant level of cyber threats, this risk is considered high for
Air Liquide and addressed accordingly by the organization.

Risk management measures
The Digital Security Policy describes digital security issues. It
defines the main principles of IT security for the organization and
specifies roles and responsibilities. It is broken down into
fundamental rules (policies, procedures, etc.) for securing and
monitoring IT (Information Technologies) and OT (Operational
technologies) systems, and for managing alerts and incidents.
The Digital Security Department, attached to the Group Control
and Compliance Department, defines guidelines on the basis of a
cyber risk analysis updated annually, which it then implements
with the Group’s internal and external stakeholders. Lastly, it
ensures, through controls, their implementation, compliance and
the overall maturity of the organization.

■ risk prevention and raising employee awareness of fraud and
leaks of confidential information or personal or patient health
data, via educational tools such as online training on data
protection or the use of IT tools and phishing campaigns;
■ protection of critical applications, the most sensitive
information (patient health data, in particular), industrial assets,
as well as taking Digital Security into account from the project
design phase, as an intrinsic dimension of any digital solution.
Risk analysis tools have been updated to incorporate AIrelated issues;
■ monitoring of digital threats, information leaks and major cyber
incidents that could affect the Group’s activities: this involves
penetration testing (which is increasingly automated), the
implementation of a system to report information leaks as well
as monitoring of Group applications that are exposed on the
Internet;
■ implementing regulatory compliance for the organization
through specific projects or programs such as respecting the
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR); now deployed in
all businesses and geographies, annual controls (supplemented
by ad hoc audits) ensure its sustainability. Other recent or
imminent regulations have also required specific action plans
(for example the NIS2 for Europe, the AI Act, etc.);
■ the Group’s resilience through the department in charge of
incident detection/reaction, crisis simulation exercises (at the
base and Cluster levels), and implementation of a business
continuity plan in the event of an interruption of IT systems.

The main lines of work revolve around:
■ definition of the cyber strategy, in close collaboration with the
operational teams (IT and OT);

80

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Risk factors and management measures

4. Environmental risks
4.1. ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS
4.1.1. Climate risks: greenhouse gas emissions
Identification and description of risks
Air Liquide’s business model is based on the outsourcing of the
industrial gas needs of its customers who often emit greenhouse
gases themselves, in particular in the metals, chemicals and
refining industries. This outsourcing is justified by Air Liquide’s
expertise, providing them with access to cutting-edge
technologies and optimized energy consumption for production
tools, while ensuring long-term supply reliability. However, it leads
to the transfer of a portion of the customer’s greenhouse gas
emissions to the Group.
Nearly 85% of Air Liquide’s large production units are Air
Separation Units (ASU), which do not use any combustion
processes and therefore do not emit CO2. The only raw material
they use is air, with the energy required to separate the air being
consumed almost exclusively in the form of electricity. Electricity
used by the Group to power these units generates CO2 emissions
at electricity suppliers; such emissions are classified as indirect
emissions (Scope 2).
The Group’s two other main CO2-emitting activities are hydrogen
production by steam reforming and co-generation. These account
for nearly 15% of large production units and use combustion
processes emitting CO2, known as direct emissions (Scope 1).
In this respect, the climate risk (greenhouse gas emissions) is
closely linked to the implementation by public authorities of
greenhouse gas emission reduction policies such as, for example,
the introduction of a carbon price or more stringent regulations,
that may impact:
■ either the Group’s plants (direct impact on the operational
scope), resulting in increased production costs, and the need
for new investments;
■ or those of its suppliers, resulting in suppliers price increases;
■ or customers (indirect impact on the value chain), impacting for
instance their market, processes and industrial gases needs.
Air Liquide is present in regions across the globe that have
implemented or are in the process of implementing greenhouse
gas emissions trading schemes. If the share of emissions covered
by free allowances decreases, the Group may be required to
introduce compensatory measures. It should be noted that longterm contracts foresee a transfer of CO2 costs to customers.

Risk management measures
To reinforce the climate objectives announced in November 2018,
which set the framework under which the Group takes active
measures for the climate in its operations, with its customers and
ecosystems by offering low-carbon solutions, Air Liquide
announced new sustainable development objectives on March 23,
2021. In line with the Paris Agreement, and to address the
urgency of taking climate change and the energy transition into
account, Air Liquide sets itself the ambition to achieve carbon
neutrality by 2050, with two major intermediate milestones:

■ a -33% reduction (1) in its Scopes 1 and 2 CO2 emissions by 2035,
compared with a “market-based” 2020 Scopes 1 and 2 base (2).
The objective of reducing carbon intensity by -30% by 2025
relative to 2015 emissions (3), set in 2018, has been achieved.
A Climate Policy published in the BlueBook in 2022 aims to
consolidate the principles governing climate risk management
within the Group, as well as across the entire value chain.
The monitoring and achievement of the Group’s climate objectives
rely on:
■ the internal greenhouse gas emission monitoring procedure,
which sets out the monitoring of current greenhouse gas
emission regulatory obligations with which the Group must
comply, the methodology for calculating Scopes 1 and 2
emissions, as well as the reporting scope and frequency;
■ integration of the monitoring of the CO2 trajectory performance
in the Group’s management process, in particular the
budgeting process that now includes the allocation of a carbon
budget to the different geographical areas, as well as semiannual monitoring by geography and business line at the
Executive Committee level;
■ the investment process, which has been updated and currently
under deployment, enabling an analysis of the project’s impact
on the Group’s CO2 trajectory. In addition, major investments
in primary production capacities carry out sensitivity studies
around low-emission scenarios, including projections on the
future price of CO2 to assess the viability and, where relevant,
the resilience of the project, taking into account the customer’s
activities;
■ the rollout of the “Climate Champions” network and the regular
review of the decarbonization plan of each Cluster (group of
countries);
■ the assumption of the introduction, in the regions in which the
Group operates, of public policies aimed to step up the
transition toward a low-carbon economy that are in line with a
“well below 2 °C” trajectory.
In addition, access to renewable energy is a key factor in the
management of the Group’s climate risk.
Finally, information regarding the European Union (EU) “Taxonomy
Regulation” is available in paragraph 2.1 of the Sustainability
Statement section of Chapter 5 – page 300.

4.1.2. Climate risks: physical impact
on operations
Identification and description of risks
Air Liquide operates in certain regions of the world exposed to
changes (in severity or frequency) in exceptional meteorological
phenomena due to climate change. These phenomena can slow
down or interrupt the Group’s operations or make them more
expensive. Its suppliers and customers are also confronted with
this same issue.

■ the start of the reduction of absolute CO2 emissions around
2025 was observed in 2024;

(1)

(2)
(3)

In tonnes of CO2-equivalent, restated, from 2020 and each subsequent year, to include the emissions of the assets for the full year, taking into account changes
(upwards and downwards) in scope having a significant impact on CO2 emissions.
Scopes calculation methodology explained in paragraph 2.2.5 of the Sustainability Statement section of Chapter 5 – pages 318 to 324.
In kg CO2-equivalent/euro of operating income recurring before depreciation and amortization and excluding IFRS 16 at 2015 exchange rates on Scopes 1 and
2 of greenhouse gas emissions in a “market-based” methodology.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

81

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Risk factors and management measures

These can be broken down into:
■ acute risks triggered by events such as natural disasters, the
frequency and severity of which are increasing: storms,
hurricanes, flooding, etc. These risks may relate to Air Liquide
sites located near the coast for example, or in regions affected
by hurricanes (the U.S. Gulf Coast, South Asia, etc.);
■ chronic risks related to more long-term changes in climate
models and rising temperatures: rising sea levels, chronic
heatwaves in certain regions, changes in rainfall patterns and
an increase in their variability, the disappearance of certain
resources, etc.

Risk management measures
Physical risks (water availability, frequency of extreme events,
etc.) are appraised during the review of investment requests, in
the same way as financial criteria, to ensure that the associated
risk management measures are adapted, for example in the
design of equipment.
In addition, Group operations that are regularly exposed to the
acute risks described above have risk management systems in
place aimed to adopt suitable preventive operational measures
and managing these crises by, first and foremost, protecting
individuals and the production facilities in close cooperation with
customers. These systems are regularly updated and improved.
Chronic risks are taken into account, particularly in the design of
production units, in the same way, and to the same extent as their
energy efficiency and carbon footprint.
In 2023, Air Liquide carried out a study to identify the risks linked
to the physical impacts of climate change according to two highemission scenarios (SSP2-4.5 used as “business as usual”
leading to +2.7 °C by 2100 and the SSP5-8.5 or “worst case
scenario” leading to +4.4 °C by 2100) and to consolidate and
improve the physical risk management process. Works continue
to improve the understanding and reinforce awareness of the

issues, exposure, vulnerability and adaptation actions at the level
of the Group’s different types of assets, with a refocusing on the
main industrial basins.
Physical risks and the risks of greenhouse gas emissions are also
taken into account in the preparation of the Financial Statements
(note 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements– page 252).

4.1.3. Water management risk (1)
Identification and description of risks
The Group is dependent on water for its activities, and this risk is
therefore considered material. The Group’s water consumption
comes mainly from evaporation from the cooling of industrial gas
production processes. Water is also used as a raw material for the
manufacture of products such as hydrogen.
Air Liquide pays particular attention to water management,
especially in areas of water stress. The lack of water availability or
poor water quality can have an impact on the security of supply of
Air Liquide products to customers, adversely affect the efficiency
or reliability of its plants and increase the cost of production.

Risk management measures
To manage the risks associated with water withdrawal and use, a
water management policy was published in the BlueBook in 2021.
This policy identifies the impact of Air Liquide’s activities on water
availability. The policy defines the principles of risk management
based on a specific assessment of the situation at each site.
Finally, it describes the actions to be implemented to ensure
appropriate water management.
As part of the rollout of its water management policy in 2023,
Air Liquide achieved the objective set in 2021: a documented
management plan addressing withdrawal and usage risks has
been put in place across 100% of the 75 sites identified in 2022
located in high water stress areas.

5. Geopolitical, regulatory, legal and public affairs risks
5.1. GEOPOLITICAL RISKS
Identification and description of risks
Considering the changing international climate, including
increasing tensions between (or within) some countries and the
persistence of terrorist threats, the Group may be exposed in
certain countries to economic or financial risks, as well as to risks
affecting the safety of its employees (on site or during business
travel) and the security of its facilities.

Risk management measures
When investment requests are reviewed, the geopolitical context
of a project (in both safety and economic terms) is part of the
criteria examined before any approval: country risk is thus

(1)

82

assessed on a case-by-case basis and may lead to adjustments
to financing strategy and supplementary insurance cover, or even
the rejection of the project.
Moreover, all countries in which the Group operates are subject to
monitoring and regular analysis of the geopolitical context.
Finally, the Group Security Department uses awareness-raising
and training tools to protect employees, who are potentially
exposed in certain geographies or when traveling for business: elearning courses, interventions from experts on certain specific
risks (health, hygiene, pollution, kidnapping, etc.). Other
measures are also implemented locally to secure products and
sites that are most exposed to an external threat.

ESRS 2 SBM-1 §42 (a).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Risk factors and management measures

5.2. REGULATORY AND LEGAL RISKS
5.2.1. Risks of non-compliance with laws
and regulations
Identification and description of risks
In all the countries where the Group operates, its entities are
exposed to the risk of non-compliance with laws and regulations.
In an increasingly complex context due to a continuously rising
number of standards, they must monitor changes to the legal and
regulatory framework notably in terms of the specificities of the
businesses that they conduct.
The Healthcare business line, in particular, is subject to specific
regulations for the products that it sells (medical devices, drugs),
the research activities that it carries out, and for the processing of
patients’ personal healthcare data.
The Group must face, in all regions in which it operates, the risks
of non-compliance with:
■ competition law;
■ provisions aimed to combat corruption;
■ international sanctions;
■ regulations restricting exports of certain products or relating to
destinations under sanctions;
■ regulations on the transfer of personal data (see paragraph 3.1
Digital risks in this section – page 80);
■ the duty of vigilance.
Group entities are also exposed to the risk of non-compliance with
contractual obligations (of their own or those of their contractual
counterparties).
Liabilities and contingent liabilities related to disputes are
described in notes 22 and 30 of the Consolidated Financial
Statements – pages 232 and 252.

Risk management measures
Changes to legal and regulatory requirements are monitored with
particular vigilance and are accompanied by the implementation
of procedures aimed to improve teams’ knowledge of these
changes and related risks and provide them with tools to ensure
compliance with obligations in the following fields, through:
■ Group Codes on how to behave in order to comply with
competition laws, accompanied by surprise audits and training
that includes e-learning;
■ a corruption prevention program in which General
Management and management are closely involved; this
program relies in particular on the mapping of corruption risks,
a Code of Conduct, a full set of training and awareness-raising
actions for those exposed to corruption-related risks, a thirdparty assessment mechanism, accounting controls and a
whistleblowing system. This program is regularly updated to
take into account new regulatory and legal requirements under
the coordination of the Group’s Ethics Officer, who relies on a
network of ethics correspondents and the support of the
Operational Departments in the hubs and businesses; it is
regularly audited;

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

■ an international trade compliance program (export control and
international sanctions) based on a guide, a network of
correspondents, a regulatory watch and a tool and procedures
for verifying third parties. Particular attention is dedicated to
compliance with international sanctions against Russia, and
the associated import/export control regimes;
■ various contract guides (for Large Industries, Industrial
Merchant, Electronics, Engineering & Technologies and
Financing) and Codes of Good Practices (for Healthcare);
To the Group’s knowledge, there are no governmental, legal or
arbitration proceedings, either current or threatened, which may
have or have had, in the past 12 months, significant impacts on
the Group’s financial situation or profitability.

5.2.2. Risks related to public policies
Identification and description of risks
Changes in public policies may have repercussions on the
Group’s operations. These impacts can be of different kinds and
concern both the Group’s scope of activities and its rules of
governance. The Group must be structured to enable the
upstream identification of changes that could impact it.
In addition, in the preparation of public policies, it is common for
public decision-makers to solicit the opinion of stakeholders likely
to be affected by such policies in order to contribute to the
definition of more effective regulations. In this context, the Group
is regularly contacted at different levels on an individual and noncoordinated basis by various public authorities, ministries and
government agencies to participate in these discussions. In order
to support these discussions in a structured manner, Air Liquide
defines positions on the subjects on which it may be solicited by
the public authorities.

Risk management measures
The role of the European and International Affairs Department
(DAEI) is to organize the Public Affairs function within the Group
to ensure that mechanisms are put in place to monitor and
analyze changes in public policies.
The DAEI and its representatives present in the subsidiaries of a
few specific countries ensure the consistency of the messages
conveyed by these subsidiaries by coordinating the representation
before public institutions, NGOs, civil society, professional
associations or think tanks.
In this context, the Group interacts with public stakeholders, in
strict compliance with the principles of integrity and transparency.
Moreover, Air Liquide complies with national or supranational
provisions relating to transparency registers by regularly reporting
on its activities and lobbying actions to the appropriate authorities.

AIR LIQUIDE

83

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Control environment

CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
This section describes the key elements of the control and risk management environment instituted by the Company.

1. Organization
The Group is organized and based on a consistent Group strategy.
It is supported by a method of management which centers on midterm objectives that are categorized by business, as well as a
steering process for activities based on annual budgetary
objectives, which are further categorized down to the individual
plan level. The Group relies on a network organization that
promotes communication and shortens decision-making circuits.
The organization breaks down into:
■ Executive Committee geographic Directors, who ensure the
presence and representation of the Group in the main global
regions. With the base (L’Air Liquide S.A. head office), they are
responsible for defining the operational strategy for the
Group’s geographic regions and their global performance;
■ entities, grouped in Clusters (groups of countries) for better
pooling of resources, which ensure operational management
of their activities and implement the Group strategy in those
countries where the Group has a presence;
■ the World Business Lines, which:
– with the Clusters and Strategy Department, prepare the
medium-term strategic goals for the businesses they
represent,
– have responsibility for strategic marketing, the
transformation of their respective businesses and the
suitability of skills in their specific areas of business;
■ Global Business Units (GBUs) specific to certain activities
(Home Healthcare, Engineering & Technologies);
■ the Industrial Direction, whose mission is to optimize industrial
processes in order to guarantee the safety, quality, reliability
and efficiency of our operations. It covers all of the Group’s
industrial operations except GBUs;
■ Global Business Services (GBS).
This organization also includes the Corporate functions, which
notably comprise the three key control Departments that report to
General Management:
■ the Finance Department, which is responsible for:
– the reliability of accounting and financial information,
– the Group’s financial and tax risk management,
– the drafting of Group objectives and monitoring of
performance by operations control, based on financial data
prepared by the accounting teams, analysis conducted by
the financial teams of the various entities as well as certain
operational data;
■ the Group Control and Compliance Department, which:
– provides expertise and assistance to entities in their risk
management approach (see below) and builds a Group
synthesis,
– helps Group entities ensure compliance with and promotion
of both the Group’s ethical values, particularly through
training and awareness-raising measures and the
treatment of fraud and deviations (all these measures,
organizations, and tools are presented in detail in the
Sustainability Statement – page 356), as well as,
compliance with international trade rules,
– verifies the effective application of internal control and risk
management procedures through audits carried out
according to a defined program presented to the Group’s
Audit and Accounts Committee. This program, developed

84

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

and based on the risk analysis, is regularly monitored by
the Audit and Accounts Committee in liaison with the
Environment and Society Committee (for environmental
and societal issues). Audit reports are systematically
supplemented by corrective action plans, which are
supervised by a member of the Executive Committee.
These reports, as well as subsequent follow-up reports, are
the subject of various communications and periodic
discussions with the Statutory Auditors,
– provides guidance to Group entities, through the Digital
Security Department, which reports directly to the Group
Control and Compliance Department, on the identification
and protection of their data, systems and digital
applications (definition of rules, rollout expertise and
advice, control of proper implementation);
■ the Legal and Insurance Department, which identifies legal
risks, issues internal guidelines and Codes, and then oversees
their proper implementation. It ensures compliance with duty of
vigilance measures. It monitors the development of the main
disputes. It manages insurance.
Moreover, the Group has an ethics whistleblowing system
covering all its entities, enabling any deviations from the Group
Code of Conduct or applicable legislation to be reported
anonymously to an independent external service provider. This
system is open to all the Group’s internal and external
stakeholders (customers, patients, suppliers, subcontractors and
their staff, local communities, facilitators, etc.).
All alerts recorded are treated confidentially under the supervision
of the Group Ethics Officer. This system is an alternative solution
to the usual process for reporting incidents within the entities
through managers and the Human Resources teams. It helps
accelerate the processing of reports received, and thus to
minimize their potential impact on individuals and the
organization. The principle of whistleblower protection is
guaranteed by the Group and reiterated in the Code of Conduct.
No sanctions or retaliatory measures are allowed against any
person who lodges an alert in good faith.
The description of the whistleblowing system and details of the
indicators relating to the reports and alerts received are available
in paragraph 4.2 of the Sustainability Statement in Chapter 5 –
page 356.
Finally, this organization relies on a framework of authorizations
and delegations:
■ to members of the Executive Committee and certain
Departments and services in order to define their commitment
and payment powers for commercial transactions (sales or
purchasing);
■ to certain executives in charge of entities or sites in France in
particular, in order to ensure the prevention and management
of industrial risks in terms of hygiene and safety;
■ to certain financial executives, in order to ensure the security
of transactions and financial flows.
The managers of the various Group subsidiaries exercise their
duties under the control of the Boards of Directors and in
accordance with laws and regulations applicable in the countries
where they operate.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Control environment

2. Risk management
To ensure the continued development of its activities, the Group
must actively pursue an approach to prevent and manage the risks
(especially industrial and financial risks) to which it is exposed.
In terms of the Group’s business activities, industrial risk
management must essentially focus on prioritizing safety
and security while maintaining a permanent focus on the reliability
of facilities.

■ resources dedicated by Clusters, World Business Units and
World Business Lines to manage the approach in their
respective scopes of responsibility (under the supervision of
the Boards of Directors of the entities concerned) and to
provide a summary thereof;
■ the work of members of the Risk Committee that it coordinates
(described in paragraph 5 of this section – page 87).

Financial risk management requires strict control over
investments, combined with prudent and rigorous practices
regarding the accounting and financial aspects of the activities.

The Audit and Accounts Committee reviews
management based on presentations covering:

The Group’s formal risk management approach aims to ensure:

■ each major risk management system based on a multi-year
program structured according to the challenges;

■ the regular identification of the different forms of risk
(industrial, financial and other) encountered by the Group
during the pursuit of business activities, which are assessed
according to both potential impact and probability of
occurrence;
■ the assessment of the level of maturity of the management of
each risk based on a common scale with respect to the quality
of policies, organizational structures, processes and controls in
place;
■ the progress of the main corrective action plans undertaken to
mitigate these risks, by focusing monitoring activities on a
limited number of priorities.
This three-phase risk management process (mapping, maturity
level assessment, mitigation plans) covers more than 90% of
consolidated Group revenue.
The Risk Management Department within the Group Control and
Compliance Department leads this approach using:

Group

risk

■ the progress of the approach (on an annual basis);

■ internal audit summaries of these risk management systems.
The Environment and Society Committee meets three times a
year. In addition, at least two joint sessions are organized with the
Audit and Accounts Committee. The trajectory of climate objectives
and associated risks are reviewed during these sessions.
In order to have a broader approach, each year, the Risk
Management Department presents a hypothetical identification
and positioning of emerging risks at a Risk Committee meeting. A
review is also performed on the timing of the emergence of these
risks, and the necessary anticipatory actions are suggested.
Finally, an annual summary of risk management actions
undertaken by the Group is presented to the Board of Directors;
each year it validates the Audit and Accounts Committee’s
provisional program which is presented to it beforehand, as well as
a list of subjects of strategic interest or with particular relevance
that will be presented in a more specific manner.

3. Internal control
In addition to the Principles of Action (https://www.airliquide.com/
sustainable-development/ethics/groups-principles-action), which
reaffirm the Group’s values with particular reference to
stakeholders (Shareholders, suppliers and customers, employees,
etc.), the Group’s principles and key procedures are grouped
together in a Global Procedures Manual, the BlueBook, which is
available to employees on the Intranet. The BlueBook constitutes
a set of internal control and risk management documents, which
must be implemented by each entity included in the Group’s
consolidated Financial Statements.
The BlueBook is the cornerstone of the Group’s internal control
system, which aims to ensure that:
■ the Group’s activities and the conduct of its employees:
– comply with laws and regulations, internal standards and
applicable best practices,
– comply with the objectives defined by the Company,
especially in terms of risk prevention and management
policies,
– contribute to safeguarding the Group’s assets;
■ all financial and accounting information communicated either
internally or externally gives a true and fair view of the situation
and activity of the Group and complies with prevailing
standards.
Under the aegis of the Group Internal Control Department,
awareness-raising and training actions on internal control issues
are regularly carried out, for example, during the virtual training
campuses offered by Air Liquide University twice a year.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Generally, the Group’s internal control system should help better
master its activities, the efficiency of its operations and the efficient
use of its resources. It also aims to prevent errors and frauds.
As with other “assurance systems”, it cannot provide an absolute
guarantee that the Group’s objectives will be met.
In line with the actions undertaken in previous years, all material
Group entities and shared service platforms (representing around
90% of consolidated Group revenue) conduct an annual review of
the appropriateness of their systems in relation to the Reference
Framework for internal control and risk management systems.
These entities also implement actions aimed to improve their
control systems in terms of annual guidelines defined at the
beginning of the year by the Clusters, under the oversight of the
members of the Executive Committee responsible for the
geographic region and the Global Business Units, the Group
Control and Compliance Department and the Finance
Department. The latter two together organize these improvement
measures and report on their progress to the Group’s General
Management then to the Audit and Accounts Committee.
This approach to internal control has recently been expanded to
meet new regulatory requirements. Following a specific
assessment of the internal control system for sustainability
reporting conducted in 2024 as part of the application of the
ESRS, the corresponding control framework was rolled out in
2025, as described in Chapter 5, paragraph 1.3.2 – page 286.

AIR LIQUIDE

85

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Control environment

Audits are coordinated by the Group Control and Compliance
Department and the Statutory Auditors, based on a joint work
program, to verify the assessments of the internal control
processes and the correct implementation of key operating
controls.

Finally, cases of fraud are systematically reported to the Group’s
Ethics Officer, analyzed together with Internal Control in order to
identify measures to strengthen the system to be implemented,
and investigated when deemed necessary. They are regularly
brought to the attention of General Management, the Ethics and
Compliance Committee and the Audit and Accounts Committee.

4. Financial and accounting information
In order to guarantee the quality and reliability of the financial and
accounting information produced, the Group primarily relies on a
set of accounting principles and standards, as well as a consistent
accounting and management reporting system, and feeds both
the Group statutory consolidation process and the management
analysis that is under the responsibility of independent
Departments, which report to the Finance Department.
The Group accounting manual, which includes the Group financial
policy, defines the accounting rules and principles as well as the
consolidation methods applicable, and states the formats
applicable for reporting financial and accounting information. This
manual is regularly updated by the Finance Department in
accordance with amendments to IFRS or their interpretations.
Management and accounting reports are each prepared under the
responsibility of independent but interactive Departments that
follow identical methods and principles:
■ this independence allows for the enhancement of information
and analysis through the use of complementary indicators and
data, particularly those which are specific to each business;
■ the fact that these bodies are interactive provides for better
control of the reliability of information through the systematic
and regular reconciliation of data.
The reports primarily include:
■ monthly management reporting, known as the “Monthly Flash
Report”, which provides information on revenue and the main
financial indicators: income statement, cash flow from
operating activities, net debt and the amount of investments
authorized and committed;
■ quarterly reporting, known as the “Management Control
Report”, which provides details of the primary items of the
income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statement;
■ a quarterly “variance” analysis report to assess the various
components of the change in operating income recurring.
These three documents are compiled by each management entity
according to a predefined yearly timetable. They are
systematically accompanied by comments on activities drawn up
under the supervision of the entity’s Chief Executive Officer, and
are consolidated at Group level with a breakdown by geographic
region and business:
■ quarterly reporting for accounting consolidation is compiled by
each reporting entity which, in addition, must provide (on a
semi-annual basis) information on off-balance sheet
commitments that include in particular:
– energy purchasing,
– financial guarantees and deposits,
– all other contractual commitments.

86

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Accounting consolidation statements and monthly reporting are
escalated to the Central Consolidation Department. This
department prepares the consolidated data and works in
conjunction with the Operations Control Department, whose duty
is to analyze and comment on the results, identify and explain any
differences with respect to forecasts, and update said forecasts.
Meetings are organized each month with the heads of geographic
regions and Clusters (groups of countries) to clarify these
analyses in collaboration with the Group Finance Department.
As part of the scope of the monthly Group Performance Steering
Committee, a rolling forecast for the rest of the current year is
systematically presented by the Finance Department, in order to
identify, when applicable, any differences with respect to yearly
targets and take the necessary steps.
Through regular controls, the Finance Department ensures the
effective application of accounting methods and principles in the
various Group entities. For the most complex accounting
standards as well as the rollout of new standards, training,
enhanced support and controls are provided or they are directly
processed by the Finance Department. These include those
relating to employee benefits (IAS 19), consolidation methods
(IFRS 10/11), the classification of material contracts in the Large
Industries business, revenue recognition methods (IFRS 15/
IFRS 16), derivative financial instruments (IAS 32, IFRS 7,
IFRS 9), and long-term renewable energy purchase contracts
(IFRS 9, IFRS 10/11, IFRS 16).
It also relies on audits carried out by the Group Control and
Compliance Department, with which it has regular contact.
The Group takes into account climate risks in its closing
assumptions and incorporates their potential impact in its
Financial Statements. In particular, climate risks are taken into
account when carrying out closing procedures, in particular the
analysis of the useful lives of property, plant and equipment used
for calculation of depreciation and amortization, the review of the
estimates and assumptions concerning assets’ impairment tests,
and the risk assessment to determine the amount of provisions for
contingencies and losses.
The quality and reliability of financial and accounting information
is also based on high-performance transactional systems (such as
Enterprise Resource Planning – ERP), coupled with modern and
secure Group consolidation and Business Intelligence tools.
These tools enable financial and operational data to be analyzed,
made available and displayed to all employees and management.
The project, which aims to further harmonize ERPs, continues on
the basis of the definition of an accounting and financial
framework tailored to the various Group businesses.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Control environment

5. Monitoring of control systems
The Board of Directors exercises its control over Group
management based on the various quarterly activity reports it
receives from General Management and the work of the Audit and
Accounts Committee, according to the methods and principles
described (reports, debriefings, etc.) – paragraph 10.1 of the
Governance section in Chapter 3 – pages 115 to 116.
General Management exercises its control over risk management,
in particular through regular meetings organized around the Chief
Executive Officer.
It also relies on existing reports and:
■ Executive Committee meetings, with, in particular, debriefings
from the Safety and Industrial System Department regarding

Group performance in terms of security and the progress of
current actions;
■ work carried out by the Finance Department, and the Group
Control and Compliance Department;
■ recommendations made by various Group Committees set up
to ensure enhanced management of certain commitments and
significant stakes (the role and members of these Committees
are described below).
These control measures are enhanced by the involvement of
operational Departments and the Executive Committee in the
implementation and follow-up of actions needed to improve and
strengthen the quality of internal controls.

THE RISK COMMITTEE
The purpose of this Committee is to provide support and expertise to the Clusters, World Business Units and World Business Lines,
which must implement and coordinate the risk management approach in their respective scopes of responsibility.
It brings together the following Corporate functions: Group Control and Compliance, Legal, Finance, Communication, Safety
and Industrial Systems, Human Resources and Sustainable Development Departments as well as a representative from Operations.
It meets twice a year and is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), in the presence of the General Secretary and the Director
of Strategy. The objectives of these meetings are to report on the progress of priority actions to mitigate major risks, to draw up
a summary of risk management and to define Group orientations. The Committee also examines certain strategic risks more closely.

THE FINANCE COMMITTEES
The purpose of the Strategic Finance Committee is to verify the effective application of the Group’s financial policy, to approve financial
management proposals and suggestions that have been submitted and to approve the rules governing the Group’s financial policy, which
are subject to regular review.
It brings together the Group Chief Financial Officer, the Deputy Chief Financial Officer, the Group Financing and Treasury Director,
and the Corporate Finance Director, who meet under the authority of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO).
The Committee meets at least three times a year and upon request, if necessary.
The purpose of the Operational Finance Committee is to make day-to-day decisions concerning the financial management
of the Group, to propose structuring transactions to the Strategic Finance Committee and to ensure their implementation after approval.
It brings together the Group Chief Financial Officer, the Deputy Chief Financial Officer, the Group Financing and Treasury Director,
and the Corporate Finance Director, assisted by a Committee Secretary.
The Committee meets every four to six weeks, and the minutes of these meetings are sent to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO).

THE RESOURCES & INVESTMENTS COMMITTEES (RIC)
The purpose of these Resources and Investments Committees is to assess and approve requests for investments, medium-and
long-term contractual commitments, Human Resources requirements that may arise therefrom, as well as the environmental footprints
of these projects, with particular attention paid to the carbon impact of investment decisions.
They meet regularly (usually once a month) for each Geography and World Business Unit.
Each Committee meeting is chaired by a member of the Executive Committee in charge of the Geography or Global Business Unit (GBU)
involved and brings together the Directors of the Cluster and Business Line concerned by the investment, as well as representatives
of the Group Finance Department, the Industrial Direction, Engineering & Technologies, and the Capital Implementation Group (CIG).
The Committee’s decisions are reviewed by General Management.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

87

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Control environment

THE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE COMMITTEE
With regard to ethics, the purpose of this Committee is to supervise the Group’s ethics program (monitoring of actions undertaken
to prevent corruption and deviations from the Code of Conduct, proposing short-and medium-term orientations) and to recommend
sanctions in case of significant deviation.
In the more general area of compliance, this Committee oversees compliance issues that are not activity specific, such as competition
law, export controls, duty of vigilance and the protection of personal data (which is reviewed annually).
It brings together the Group Control and Compliance, Legal, Sustainable Development, and Human Resources Departments as well
as a representative of operational functions; it meets at least twice a year and more often when required.

THE DIGITAL SECURITY COMMITTEE
This Committee is responsible for validating the strategic directions for Digital Security and for ensuring the operational progress
of certain Group projects (industrial IT, digital innovation, monitoring of leaks of confidential information, or personal or health data, etc.).
Under the chairmanship of the member of the Executive Committee overseeing the Digital & IT businesses, it brings together
the Directors in charge of Digital & IT, Digital Security, Industrial Management and Group Control and Compliance. It meets three times
a year and can be convened on an ad hoc basis if the current events require it.

THE INDUSTRIAL AND SAFETY COMMITTEE
The purpose of this Committee is to supervise the management of industrial risks and to monitor the advancement of the main actions
for progress.
It is composed of representatives of the various Group Industrial Division activities, the Group Safety Director, a representative
of the Engineering & Technologies Global Business Unit, a representative of the Innovation and Technologies Department
and a representative of the Home Health Global Business Unit. It meets six to eight times a year, under the chairmanship of a member
of the Executive Committee.

THE E-ENRISK COMMITTEE
The purpose of this Committee is to review and provide guidance and recommendations on energy and climate strategies implemented
by Group entities.
Each month, it brings together the Executive Committee member overseeing the Large Industries World Business Line and the Group
Strategy function, the Vice President of the Large Industries World Business Line, the Director of Energy, the Group Financing
and Treasury Director, the Organization and Accounting Methods Director, the Sustainability Deputy VP and the Industrial Director
for China, International Energy Expert. Meeting minutes are sent to all Executive Committee members.

THE FOIK COMMITTEE
The objective of the “First-of-its-Kind” Committee (FoiK) is to examine, evaluate and approve the use of a new technical solution
in an industrial production unit, for internal and third-party customers. Its purpose is to ensure that risks related to the rollout of a new
technical solution are identified and mitigated, by formalizing the approval of the solution and strengthening its monitoring.
The Committee is chaired by the Group Vice President overseeing Engineering & Technologies. It brings together the heads of key
functions such as R&D, Process Safety, Intellectual Property and the Large Industries World Business Line, as well as representatives
from Engineering & Technologies. Business line stakeholders or relevant technical experts are also invited depending on the projects
examined.
The Committee meets once a month to review projects and record its decisions.

88

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Other coverage systems

OTHER COVERAGE SYSTEMS
The Group covers its main risks through international insurance programs with leading insurers. This concerns in particular damage to
property, civil and environmental liability, cyber risk, civil liability of corporate officers, etc. The two largest programs are detailed below.

1. Property damage and business interruption
Group property and business interruption are covered by property and casualty insurance policies underwritten in each country in which
the Group operates. Almost all of these policies are integrated into an international program.
These policies, which are generally of the “All Risks Except” form, cover fire, lightning, water damage, explosions, vandalism, impact,
machinery breakdown, theft and, depending on the country and in limited amounts, natural disasters.
Business interruption following a claim for damage is covered by insurance for most production sites under these same policies. The
coverage period for business interruption is 6 to 24 months. Deductible amounts are correlated to the activity of the sites. Insurers
conduct regular visits at the main industrial sites for risk prevention purposes.

2. Civil liability
In terms of civil liability, the subsidiaries have local liability policies that cover damage to third parties due to their activities (operational
risk) and their products (product risk). The amount insured for each subsidiary in its policy depends notably on the amount of its revenue
and on its activities.
In addition to local policies, the Group has comprehensive coverage for damage to third parties covering all of its activities in the form of
umbrella insurance taken out in France, which covers both the Company and its subsidiaries. The Group’s insurance policy also covers
adverse impacts on the environment, ecological harm and environmental damage.
The coverage amount underwritten exceeds 500 million euros. Coverage is built on several overlapping insurance lines. Each line has
been underwritten for a given amount with several insurers sharing the risk. Beyond the first line, the upper lines pick up the excess risk
from the lower lines.

3. Reinsurance company
A portion of property damage and business interruption risk is kept by the Group via a captive reinsurance company, which also
participates, among other things, in the coverage of the Group’s civil liabilities as well as in the coverage of goods transported. Since
2025, the reinsurance company has been involved in life risks (health insurance and life insurance plans) for the Group’s employees.
This captive reinsurance company covers, for the 2025 fiscal year, non-life insurance claims of up to a maximum of 51 million euros with
sub-limits per claim depending on the nature of the claim. Beyond these amounts, risks are transferred to third-party insurers. Their
management is entrusted to a captive manager approved by the competent authorities.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

89

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Vigilance Plan

VIGILANCE PLAN
1. Introduction
1.1. OVERVIEW OF THE LAW
French law no. 2017-399 dated March 27, 2017, relating to the
duty of vigilance of parent companies and instructing companies
(“Law on the duty of vigilance”) introduced the obligation for
parent companies employing more than 5,000 employees in
France or 10,000 employees in France and abroad, to establish
and effectively implement a Vigilance Plan. In accordance with
article L. 225-102-1 of the French Commercial Code, this Plan
must include “reasonable vigilance measures to identify the risks
and prevent severe impacts on human rights and fundamental
freedoms, health and safety of persons and on the environment”
which may result from the activities of the Group and its
subsidiaries, and those of suppliers or subcontractors with whom
Air Liquide has an established commercial relationship. This
obligation is based on five measures:
■ risk mapping (identification, analysis, prioritization);
■ procedures to regularly assess the situation of subsidiaries,
suppliers and subcontractors;
■ appropriate actions to mitigate risks or prevent severe impacts;
■ an alert mechanism that collects reporting of potential or actual
risks;
■ a monitoring scheme to follow up on the measures
implemented and assess their effectiveness.
Air Liquide complies with these legal requirements by issuing a
Vigilance Plan, whose content is disclosed on:
■ page 92 – paragraph 2 Vigilance Plan cross-reference table
which refers to the corresponding paragraphs of Chapter 5 of
this Universal Registration Document, Sustainability Statement
section where the different actions related to each stake are
described;
■ page 95 – paragraph 3 Effective implementation report for the
year 2025.
Air Liquide publishes its Vigilance Plan annually in an
autonomous communication on the Group’s website (https://
www.airliquide.com/sustainable-development/extra-financialperformance/vigilance-plan).
This Vigilance Plan applies to L’Air Liquide S.A. and all Group
subsidiaries.

90

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

1.2. GOVERNANCE OF THE DUTY
OF VIGILANCE
Since 2025, the Duty of Vigilance Department, under the
responsibility of the Chief Legal Officer Group Employment Law,
Compliance and Duty of Vigilance, oversees the implementation
of Air Liquide’s vigilance approach. It is part of the Group Legal
and Insurance Department, which is supervised by the Group
Chief Financial Officer, member of the Executive Committee.
The main missions of this Department consist of:
■ leading and coordinating the implementation of due diligence
processes with the various Departments involved; and
■ drafting the Vigilance Plan, ensuring it meets legal requirements
and the expectations of the Group’s stakeholders.
The rollout of due diligence actions relies on the expertise of several
Departments within Air Liquide, including: Procurement, General
Control and Compliance (including Ethics, Risk Management,
Security and Digital Security), Sustainable Development, Human
Resources and Safety and Industrial System.
These functions, which are directly responsible for the stakes
covered by the duty of vigilance have their own steering bodies,
including operational representatives, to monitor the actions
implemented and their performance using indicators.
The Ethics and Compliance Committee is the internal control body
for the duty of vigilance. It brings together the Heads of General
Control and Compliance, Legal and Insurance, and two members of
the Group Executive Committee: the Group Vice President, Human
Resources and the Group Vice President and General Secretary
overseeing Healthcare activity, Sustainability as well as General
Control and Air Liquide Board of Directors Relations. The Group
Ethics Officer serves as its Secretary. The Committee meets at
least twice a year and more often if necessary. In 2025, it continued
to review the progress on stakes relating to the duty of vigilance.
The Environment and Society Committee is one of the Board of
Directors’ specialized committees dedicated to societal and
environmental responsibility issues. Composed of five members, it
generally meets at least three times a year. In 2025, it examined
the Vigilance Plan and monitored its implementation.

AIR LIQUIDE

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Vigilance Plan

The Vigilance Plan is reviewed by the Ethics and Compliance Committee and the Environment and Society Committee before
its approval by the Board of Directors.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
ENVIRONMENT AND
SOCIETY COMMITTEE

Duty of Vigilance risks
(negative impacts)

Joint
session

AUDIT AND
ACCOUNTS COMMITTEE

SUPERVISORY
BODIES

Environment and Society risks
(for the company)

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE
COMMITTEE

Human Rights
Human Resources
Management
Committee
Digital Security
Committee

Health &
Safety/Security
Industrial
and Safety
Committee

RISK COMMITTEE

Environment
E-Enrisk Committee
Sustainable
Development
Department

CONTROL
BODIES

Suppliers
Group Procurement
Management
Committee

OPERATIONAL
MANAGEMENT
BODIES

Duty of Vigilance
Department

The Vigilance Plan is approved by the Board of Directors.
The Vigilance Plan is reviewed by the Ethics and Compliance Committee and the Environment and Society Committee.

1.3. REFERENCE FRAMEWORK
Air Liquide adheres to the highest standards in conducting its business. These commitments are set out in the Principles of Action
and the Group Code of Conduct. This reference framework is described in Chapter 5 in the Sustainability Statement section, page 356 –
paragraph 4.2.1 as well as page 332 – paragraph 3.1.2, page 349 – paragraph Human rights commitment for workers in the value chain
and page 353 – paragraph Human rights commitments for patients.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

91

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Vigilance Plan

2. Vigilance Plan cross-reference table
The article L. 225-102-1 of the French Commercial Code states that the communication of the Vigilance Plan and the effective
implementation report may refer to the Sustainability Statement. In this context, the following cross-reference table is established and
enables the location of the different measures of the Vigilance Plan within Chapter 5, section Sustainability Statement of this Universal
Registration Document. The information included in the scope of the Vigilance Plan through the references to the Sustainability
Statement are limited to those concerning the negative impacts in the sense of the latter. The information relative to positive impacts,
risks and opportunities present in the referenced paragraphs are excluded. This cross-reference table also responds to the disclosure
requirements of the CSRD relating to Air Liquide’s sustainability due diligence process as described on page 286 – paragraph 1.3.1
Statement on due diligence in the Sustainability Statement (1).
No.

Headings in Chapter 5 – Extra-financial performance – Sustainability Statement

Pages

Stakeholders engagement
1.4.4

Stakeholders engagement

289

3.1.2

Commitment to employees – Social dialogue: engagement with employees and their representatives

332

3.2.1

Introduction – Consultations with workers in the value chain and processes to remediate negative impacts
Introduction – Consultations with patients and processes to remediate negative impacts

350
354

3.3.1

Risk mapping
1.5

Impacts, risks and opportunities

1.5.1

Preliminary work to the double materiality assessment

291

1.5.2

Identification of impacts, risks and opportunities

292

291

1.5.3

Assessment of the materiality of the impacts, risks and opportunities identified

292

1.5.4

Integration of double materiality in internal control and risk and impact management systems

294

1.5.5

Results of the double materiality assessment

294

HUMAN RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTAL FREEDOMS

3.1.1

Introduction – Topics related to employees: impacts, risks and opportunities

332

3.1.2

Commitment to employees – Social dialogue: engagement with employees and their representatives
Diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention – Topics related to diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention:
impacts, risks and opportunities
Employee remuneration and benefits – Topics related to employee remuneration and benefits: impacts,
risks and opportunities

332

3.1.6

Well-being at work – Topics related to well-being at work: impacts, risks and opportunities

344

3.1.8

Personal data protection – Topics related to personal data protection: impacts, risks and opportunities

347

3.2.1

Introduction – Topics related to workers in the value chain: impacts, risks and opportunities

348

3.3.1

Introduction – Topics related to patients and customers: impacts, risks and opportunities

353

3.1.4
3.1.5

340
342

HEALTH AND SAFETY OF PERSONS

3.1.3

Health and safety of the Group’s employees – Topics related to employee health and safety: impacts,
risks and opportunities

335

3.2.1

Introduction – Topics related to workers in the value chain: impacts, risks and opportunities

348

3.3.1

Introduction – Topics related to patients and customers: impacts, risks and opportunities

353

ENVIRONMENT

2.2.1
2.3.1

Introduction – Climate topics: impacts, risks and opportunities
Introduction – Topics related to water management: impacts, risks and opportunities

310
324

Regular assessment procedures
HUMAN RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTAL FREEDOMS

3.1.2

Commitment to employees –
Commitment to human rights
Social dialogue: engagement with employees and their representatives

332
332

3.1.4

Diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention –
Actions related to diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention
Indicators related to diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention

340
342

3.1.5

Employee remuneration and benefits –
Actions related to employee remuneration and benefits
Indicators related to employee remuneration and benefits

343
343

3.1.6

Well-being at work – Actions related to well-being at work

345

3.1.8

Personal data protection – Actions related to personal data protection

348

(1)

92

ESRS 2 GOV-4 §32.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Vigilance Plan

No.

Headings in Chapter 5 – Extra-financial performance – Sustainability Statement

3.2.3

Working conditions –
Working conditions policy for workers in the value chain
Actions related to the working conditions of workers in the value chain

351
351

3.2.4

Prevention of forced labor and child labor –
Forced labor and child labor prevention policy
Actions related to the prevention of forced labor and child labor

352
352

3.3.2

Protection of patients’ personal data – Actions related to the protection of patients’ personal data

354

Pages

HEALTH AND SAFETY OF PERSONS

3.1.3

Health and safety of the Group’s employees – Actions related to employee health and safety

336

3.2.2

Health and safety of workers in the value chain – Actions related to the health and safety of workers in the value chain

350

3.3.3

Patient health and safety – Patient health and safety policy

354

ENVIRONMENT

2.2.3

Climate-related actions

316

2.2.5

318

2.3.1

Climate indicators
Introduction – Topics related to water management: impacts, risks and opportunities

2.3.3

Water management actions

326

324

MISCELLANEOUS
3.1.2
Commitment to employees – Whistleblowing system and processes to remediate negative impacts

334

3.2.1

350

3.3.1

Introduction – Consultations with workers in the value chain and processes to remediate negative impacts
Introduction – Consultations with patients and processes to remediate negative impacts

4.4.1

Management of relationships with suppliers

359

354

Appropriate actions to mitigate risks and prevent severe impacts
HUMAN RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTAL FREEDOMS

3.1.2

3.1.4

3.1.5

Commitment to employees –
Commitment to human rights
Social dialogue: engagement with employees and their representatives
Diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention –
Diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention policy
Actions related to diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention
Objectives related to diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention
Employee remuneration and benefits –
Employee remuneration and benefits policy
Actions related to employee remuneration and benefits
Objectives related to employee remuneration and benefits

332
332
340
340
341
342
343
343

3.1.6

Well-being at work –
Well-being at work policy
Actions related to well-being at work

344
345

3.1.8

Personal data protection –
Personal data protection policy
Actions related to personal data protection

347
348

3.2.1

Introduction – Human rights commitment for workers in the value chain

349

3.2.3

Working conditions –
Working conditions policy for workers in the value chain
Actions related to the working conditions of workers in the value chain

351
351

3.2.4

Prevention of forced labor and child labor –
Forced labor and child labor prevention policy
Actions related to the prevention of forced labor and child labor

352
352

3.3.1

Introduction – Human rights commitment for patients

353

3.3.2

Protection of patients’ personal data –
Protection of patients’ personal data policy
Actions related to the protection of patients’ personal data
Management of relationships with suppliers

354
354

4.4.1

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

359

AIR LIQUIDE

93

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Vigilance Plan

No.

Headings in Chapter 5 – Extra-financial performance – Sustainability Statement

Pages

HEALTH AND SAFETY OF PERSONS

3.1.3

Health and safety of the Group’s employees –
Employee health and safety policy
Actions related to employee health and safety
Objectives related to employee health and safety

3.2.2

Health and safety of workers in the value chain –
Health and safety policy for workers in the value chain
Actions related to the health and safety of workers in the value chain
Patient health and safety –
Patient health and safety policy
Actions related to patient health and safety
Objectives related to patient health and safety

3.3.3

335
336
339
350
350
354
355
355

ENVIRONMENT

2.2.1

Introduction – Climate strategy (Air Liquide’s transition plan for climate change mitigation)

2.2.2

Climate policy

314

2.2.3

Climate-related actions

316

304

2.2.4

Climate objectives

317

2.3.2

325

2.3.3

Water management policy
Water management actions

2.3.4

Water management objectives

327

326

Whistleblowing system & alert collection
3.1.2

Commitment to employees – Whistleblowing system and processes to remediate negative impacts

334

3.2.1

Introduction – Consultations with workers in the value chain and processes to remediate negative impacts
Introduction – Consultations with patients and processes to remediate negative impacts

350

3.3.1
4.2.1

Business conduct and corporate culture policies – Air Liquide’s Whistleblowing Policy

357

354

Monitoring of measures implemented and the assessment of their effectiveness
HUMAN RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTAL FREEDOMS

3.1.2

Commitment to employees – Social dialogue: engagement with employees and their representatives

332

3.1.4

Diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention –
Objectives related to diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention
Indicators related to diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention

341
342

3.1.5

Employee remuneration and benefits –
Objectives related to employee remuneration and benefits
Indicators related to employee remuneration and benefits

343
343

3.1.6

Well-being at work – Objectives related to well-being at work

345

3.1.8

Personal data protection – Objectives related to personal data protection

348

3.2.3

Working conditions – Objectives and indicators related to the working conditions of workers in the value chain

352

3.2.4

Prevention of forced labor and child labor – Objectives related to the prevention of forced labor and child labor

352

3.3.2

Protection of patients’ personal data – Objectives related to the protection of patients’ personal data

354

HEALTH AND SAFETY OF PERSONS

3.1.3
3.2.2

Health and safety of the Group’s employees – Indicators related to employee health and safety
Health and safety of workers in the value chain – Objectives related to the health and safety of workers
in the value chain

339
351

3.3.3

Patient health and safety – Objectives related to patient health and safety

355

ENVIRONMENT

94

2.2.4

Climate objectives

2.2.5

Climate indicators

318

2.3.4

Water management objectives

327

2.3.5

Water management indicators

328

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

317

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT
Vigilance Plan

3. Effective implementation report for the year 2025
In 2025, as part of its double materiality assessment, Air Liquide
conducted a review of its duty of vigilance risk mapping and found
that there had been no significant change in the external factors
affecting the Group or in its business model. As a result, and in
the absence of new topics raised by stakeholders, the Group has
determined that no triggering event is likely to have an impact on
the methodology or the salient risks identified in the duty of
vigilance risk mapping. Thus, Air Liquide maintains the results of
the 2024 exercise, the methodology and conclusions of which are
described starting on page 291 – paragraph 1.5.
Regarding human rights, Air Liquide conducted an initial living
wage assessment in 2025 by comparing the total remuneration of
its employees (base salary, recurring variable remuneration, and
other fixed allowances) against benchmarks from the nongovernmental
organizations
Fair
Wage
Network
and
WageIndicator. The Group confirms that, as of December 31,
2025, 100% of its employees (1) receive an adequate wage.
Furthermore, Air Liquide has set up a Diversity & Inclusion
Committee, chaired by a member of the Executive Committee and
composed of representatives of the three geographical areas and
Human Resources, to support the rollout of the Diversity &
Inclusion roadmap by setting priorities. The Group has
established a framework for an inclusive workplace for people in
operations, now ensuring appropriate personal protective
equipment (PPE) as well as privacy and hygiene rooms separated
by gender. The share of women among “Managers and
Professionals” has continuously increased since 2020 to reach
33.8% in 2025, a trajectory supported by local action plans aimed
to reduce bias in recruitment and foster retention of talent. The
Group intends to pursue its efforts to strengthen this
representation across all its activities.
Safety is one of the fundamental values of Air Liquide. The
prevention actions carried out within the Group to ensure workers’
safety enabled in a -44% reduction in the lost-time accident
frequency rate for Air Liquide employees and temporary workers,
which stands at 0.4 in 2025. Similarly, this frequency rate for
subcontractors continued to improve in 2025, dropping to 0.7. To
maintain this performance in the long term and continue to reduce
the number of lost-time accidents, the Group maintains constant
vigilance, continues to raise awareness, and implements all
necessary preventive measures to further improve the safety
culture within teams. In fact, Group subsidiaries strengthened their
safety culture in 2025 through the deployment of “Process Risk
Discovery” workshops and the promotion of the “Stop Work
Authority” initiative, empowering every worker to stop any task in
the event of a dangerous condition or behavior.

(1)

(2)

Faced with the urgency of climate change, Air Liquide continues
to implement its transition plan for climate change mitigation
adopted in 2024 and published on page 304 – paragraph 2.2.1. It
describes the Group’s transition toward carbon neutrality,
specifying its trajectory for reducing greenhouse gas emissions as
well as its main levers for decarbonizing assets and industrial
operations. In 2025, the Group’s Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions
decreased by -13.0% compared to the 2020 baseline (2). Thanks
to the annual reductions in absolute CO2 emissions recorded
since 2020, the Group reached its inflection point ahead of the
initial 2025 deadline. Air Liquide also enhanced its training
resources on climate change-related physical risks with an
awareness-raising kit, including instruction sheets for sites
exposed to priority climate hazards (e.g., flooding, fire, and
heatwaves). Finally, all 75 sites, identified in 2022, which withdraw
more than 50,000 m³ of water per year and are located in high to
very high water stress and arid areas as defined by the Aqueduct
3.0 tool, have put in place a documented water management plan,
thereby achieving the 2025 target.
The prevention and mitigation of salient risks identified for the
employees of direct suppliers rely on the Supplier Risk and
Relationship Management Procedure and the Sustainable
Procurement Procedure. The Supplier Risk and Relationship
Management and Sustainability team coordinates deployment
with specialists within local procurement teams in each cluster
(group of countries) and Global Business Units. Furthermore,
Air Liquide expects its suppliers to adhere to its Supplier Code of
Conduct prior to the establishment of any business relationship. In
2025, following the annual sustainability performance annual
assessment and action plan campaign, 625 out of 685
Sustainability-Critical Suppliers have a valid assessment.
The Group’s ethics whistleblowing system, available for all of
Air Liquide’s stakeholders, enables a rapid and structured
handling of alerts and an independent, objective and confidential
treatment by Air Liquide employees. The Group Whistleblowing
Policy defines the alerts treatment process and the principles for
the protection of whistleblowers. Urgent situations in terms of
health, safety or security, or the most serious accidents are
treated through an internal reporting process in order to ensure a
rapid treatment depending on the severity. For personal data,
Air Liquide has deployed specific tools to collect requests for the
exercise of rights and to report possible violations of personal
data. Within the context of Healthcare activities, specific
processes such as pharmacovigilance (for products with drug
status) and medical device vigilance (for products with medical
devices status) are defined to guarantee the reporting of incidents
concerning these products by health professionals or patients.

The following were excluded from the scope of analysis: employees with less than 12 months’ seniority (due to eligibility rules for certain components of
remuneration), employees of entities outside of Workday’s scope, long-term inactive employees, expatriates, apprentices and unionized employees whose
salary increases are governed by law.
Emissions are restated to take into account, from 2020 and each subsequent year, asset emissions for the full year, reflecting (both increasing and decreasing)
changes in scope that have a significant impact on CO2 emissions.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

95

RISK FACTORS AND CONTROL ENVIRONMENT

CONTENT

Vigilance Plan

OVERVIEW OF KEY INDICATORS
Objectives

2023

2024

2025

N/A

88.4%

89.4%

Human rights and fundamental freedoms
Social dialogue
Share of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements (a)
within the European Economic Area (EEA) (b)
Diversity, inclusion & prevention of harassment
Share of women among Group “Managers and Professionals”

35% in 2025

32.0% (c)

33.1%

33.8%

Share of women at the highest level of responsibility (senior executives)

25% in 2025

24.7%

23.7%

24.7%

81%

83%

86%
100%

Quality of life at work
Response rate for the annual My Voice survey
Remuneration and benefits
Share of employees receiving an adequate wage (d)

N/A

N/A

Gender gross hourly pay gap (e)

N/A

9.3% (f)

7.8%

78%

100%

100%

3.20

3.48

3.62

Lost-time accident frequency rate (i) of Air Liquide employees
and temporary workers

1.0

0.7

0.4

Lost-time accident frequency rate (i) of subcontractors

1.3

1.1

0.7

Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries and work-related ill health
among Group employees and temporary workers

N/A

1

—

Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries and work-related ill health
among subcontractors

N/A

2

15,473

14,868

14,590

21,504

20,064

19,599

36,977

34,933

34,189

-5.9%

-11.1%

-13.0%

Total water consumption (in m3)

N/A

82,971,976

Consumption in water-risk areas (in m3) (l)

N/A

11,746,836

1,076

804

685

769

674

625

Total number of alerts reported in the whistleblowing system

443

558

542

Number of these alerts on discrimination, including harassment

180

310

298

Number of these alerts on health, safety and environment

34

28

34

Number of severe human rights incidents (n)

N/A

—

—

Share of employees with a common basis of care coverage (g)

100% in 2025

Personal data protection
Maturity assessment for personal data protection (h)
Health and safety of individuals
Worker safety

—

Environment
Climate
Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions (in thousands of metric tonnes of CO2 eq.) (j)
Gross Scope 2 GHG emissions (“market-based” in thousands of metric tonnes
of CO2 eq.) (j)
Gross Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (in thousands of metric tonnes CO2 eq.) (j)
(change in %)

-33% in 2035
compared to 2020

Water management
(k)

83,562,343
12,577,526

Suppliers and subcontractors
Number of Sustainability-Critical Suppliers
Number of Sustainability-Critical Suppliers that have a valid assessment (m)
Whistleblowing system

(a) The collective bargaining agreements considered for the calculation of these percentages are those concluded at the level of an entity, a specific site, an
industry and at national level in countries where this practice is in force according to the definition of Convention No. 154 of the International Labor Organization
(ILO). Employees covered by collective bargaining agreements are those for whom the entity is required to apply the agreements. These may cover specific
groups of workers.
(b) In the European Economic Area where Air Liquide operates in 17 countries, namely Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland,
Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Spain and Sweden.
(c) The share of women among “Managers and Professionals” in the Group was rounded off in increments of 0.5% in 2023.
(d) The following were excluded from the scope of analysis: employees with less than 12 months’ seniority (due to eligibility rules for certain components of
remuneration), employees of entities outside of Workday’s scope, long-term inactive employees, expatriates, apprentices and unionized employees whose
salary increases are governed by law.
(e) Apprentices, expatriates and employees who did not wish to declare their gender or non-binary employees are excluded from the calculation. Gross hourly
remuneration comprises base salary, mandatory indemnities and target variable remuneration. This indicator is based on data not adjusted by country nor by
job category, nor for any specific characteristics such as seniority, experience, performance or the market.
(f) The gender gross hourly pay gap was recalculated for the year 2024 based on the same methodology used in 2025.
(g) Share of employees benefiting from three social benefits (death coverage, access to medical care, minimum 14 weeks’ paid maternity leave).
(h) The maturity of the questionnaire’s answers is assessed on a four-point scale and aggregated at Group level.
(i) The number of incidents with at least one day’s absence per million of hours worked.
(j) Emissions restated to take into account, from 2020 and each subsequent year, asset emissions for the full year, reflecting (both increasing and decreasing)
changes in scope that have a significant impact on CO2 emissions.
(k) The global reporting methodology was revised during 2025 to align with the technical characteristics of the Group’s industrial sites. Based on these revisions,
adjustments were made to the total water consumption. These adjustments primarily result from the reclassification of certain industrial assets that have cooling
circuits integrated with their customers’ cooling systems.
(l) In areas with high or very high water stress and arid conditions. Water consumption concerns 75 sites initially identified in 2022 using the “Aqueduct 3.0” tool
during the implementation of the Group’s water management plan.
(m) Not all suppliers are reassessed every year because their score is valid for one to five years.
(n) Incidents of forced or child labor in the Group’s own workforce.

96

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

3

Corporate
governance

MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL
GOVERNANCE – COMPOSITION,
FUNCTIONING AND WORK
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AND COMMITTEES
INFORMATION CONCERNING
MEMBERS OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE
MANAGEMENT
REMUNERATION OF L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.
CORPORATE OFFICERS

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

98

101

126
140

DESCRIPTION OF THE STOCK OPTION
AND PERFORMANCE SHARE PLANS

181

EMPLOYEE SAVINGS AND SHARE
OWNERSHIP

187

TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING
COMPANY SHARES PERFORMED
BY COMPANY OFFICERS
IN ACCORDANCE WITH
ARTICLE L. 621-18-2 OF THE FRENCH
MONETARY AND FINANCIAL CODE

191

FACTORS THAT MAY HAVE
AN IMPACT IN THE EVENT
OF A TAKEOVER BID

192

AIR LIQUIDE

97

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Management and control

This chapter also contains certain information from the Sustainability Statement (included in Chapter 5 of this document) within the
meaning of Directive 2022/2464 known as the “CSRD” (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive), of Ordinance No. 2023-1142 of
December 6, 2023 on the publication and certification of sustainability information and on the environmental, social and governance
obligations of commercial companies, and of implementing Decree 2023-1394 of December 30, 2023.

MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL
1. Composition of the Board of Directors
DIRECTORS CURRENTLY IN OFFICE (AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2025) (1) (2)

Members of the Board

Changes
in 2025 (a)

Nationality Age (b)

Years of
Year of first
service on
Gender appointment the Board (b)

End of
current
term

Independent
Director (c)

Benoît POTIER
Chairman of the Board
of Directors

French

68

M

2000

21

2026 (e)

No

François JACKOW
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)

French

56

M

2022

3

2026 (e)

No

French

71

M

2017

8

2029

Yes

Annette WINKLER

German

66

F

2014

11

2026 (e)

Yes

Philippe DUBRULLE
Director representing
the employees

French

53

M

2014

11

2026 (f)

No

American

66

F

2020

5

2028

Yes

French

46

F

2020

5

2028

No

Xavier HUILLARD
Lead Director

May 6, 2025
Renewal: Member BoD;
LD; Chairman AGC

Kim Ann MINK
Fatima TIGHLALINE
Director representing
the employees
Aiman EZZAT

May 6, 2025
Renewal: Member BoD;
Member AAC

French

64

M

2021

4

2029

Yes

Bertrand DUMAZY

May 6, 2025
Renewal: Member BoD;
Member AAC; Member
AGC

French

54

M

2021

4

2029

Yes

French

60

F

2023

2

2027

Yes

Catherine GUILLOUARD

Christina LAW

May 6, 2025
Appointment: Member
RC; Member ESC

Chinese
(Hong
Kong)

58

F

2023

2

2027

Yes

Alexis PERAKIS-VALAT

May 6, 2025
Appointment: Chairman
RC

French and
Greek

54

M

2023

2

2027

Yes

Michael H. THAMAN

May 6, 2025
Appointment: Member
ESC

American

61

M

2023

2

2027

Yes

Italian and
French

58

F

2023

2

2028

Yes

Monica de VIRGILIIS

(a) BoD: Board of Directors; LD: Lead Director; AAC: Audit and Accounts Committee; AGC: Appointments and Governance Committee; RC:
Remuneration Committee; ESC: Environment and Society Committee.
(b) Number of full years of service as of December 31, 2025. The term of office of Mr Benoît Potier as President of the Management Board
(2001-2006) is not taken into account.
(c) Pursuant to the decision of the Board of Directors of February 19, 2026; for information regarding independence criteria, please refer to this Universal
Registration Document – pages 106 to 108.

SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC COMMITTEE DELEGATE: The delegate of the Social and Economic Committee is Pierre GAC.
(1)
(2)

98

ESRS 2 GOV-1 §21 (c).
ESRS 2 GOV-1 §21 (d).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Management and control

Number
of shares
owned
as of
December
31, 2025

Board Committees
AppointAudit and
ments and
RemuneAccounts Governance
ration
Committee Committee Committee

Number of
Environ- directorships
in others
ment and
listed
Society
Committee companies (d) Experience and expertise

755,009

2 Chairman of the Board of Directors
In-depth knowledge of the Air Liquide Group and its activities
in his capacity as former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

78,505

0 Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
In-depth knowledge of the Air Liquide Group and its activities
in his capacity as former member of the Executive Committee
and Executive Vice President

3,570

Chairman

3,219

Member

1 Executive officer of a major international group with extensive
knowledge in the construction industry, transport infrastructure,
service and energy sectors
Chairwoman

N/A

Member

1 Former head of division at a leading German industrial group
with international reach, automobile sector
0 Knowledge of the Air Liquide Group and its activities
as an employee

610

Member

2 High-level management at large international chemical groups
Extensive knowledge of North American markets

N/A

Member

0 Knowledge of the Air Liquide Group and its activities
as an employee

610

Member

790

Member

1 Executive officer of an international group and a former CFO
Extensive knowledge of the digital sector and a wide range
of industrial sectors
Member

1 Executive officer of an international group
Knowledge of the industrial and service sectors, experience
of digital transformation and change management

550 Chairwoman

2 Former senior executive of a public transport company
and high-level management experience at international groups
Experience as Chief Financial Officer

550

Member

550

Chairman

Member

0 In-depth knowledge of Asian markets and management
experience at major international groups specializing
in the healthcare sectors
0 Chief Executive Officer of L’Oréal group’s main division,
extensive knowledge of consumer markets

550

Member

2 Former senior executive of the U.S.-based world leader
in construction materials
Extensive knowledge of North American industrial markets

550

Member

0 High-level management in the new technologies sector
Founder and Chairwoman of the Chapter Zéro France
Association whose objective is to raise directors’ awareness
of climate issues

(d) In accordance with the recommendation of the AFEP/MEDEF Code.
(e) Renewal of term proposed to the General Meeting of May 5, 2026.
(f) At the plenary meeting held on December 11, 2025, the France Group Committee appointed Mr. Benjamin Le Creurer as Director representing employees
for a four-year term, taking effect at the end of the General Meeting of May 2026, expiring at the close of the 2030 General Shareholders’ Meeting called to
approve the financial statements for the 2029 fiscal year.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

99

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Management and control

2. Executive Management and Executive Committee
as of December 31, 2025

*

François Jackow
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Born in 1969 – French

Armelle Levieux
Group Vice President
Group Vice President Innovation and Technology
Oversees Research & Development, Engineering
& Technologies, as well as the Hydrogen Energy
and Electronics activities.
Born in 1973 – French

François Venet
Senior Vice President
Oversees the Large Industries World Business Line, Group Strategy
and Group Safety & Industrial Systems
Born in 1962 – French

Émilie Mouren-Renouard
Group Vice President EAMEI
Oversees operations in Europe, Africa, Middle East and India
Born in 1979 – French

Ronnie Chalmers
Group Vice President Asia Pacific
Oversees operations in Asia Pacific and Procurement
Born in 1968 – British

Jérôme Pelletan
Group Vice President
Group Chief Financial Officer
Oversees Legal and Insurance as well as the Shareholder
Services Department
Born in 1970 – French

Marcelo Fioranelli
Group Vice President
Chief Executive Officer of Airgas
Oversees the Industrial Merchant World Business Line
Born in 1968 – Brazilian

Adam Peters
Chief Executive Officer North America
Born in 1973 – American

Matthieu Giard
Group Vice President Americas and Group Transformation
Oversees operations in the Americas, Group Transformation,
as well as Digital & IT, the AI task force, Global Business Services,
and Real Estate*
Born in 1974 – French

David Prinselaar
Group Vice President, Industrial Direction
Born in 1974 – Dutch and French

Amelia Irion
Group Vice President
Group Human Resources Vice President
Born in 1970 – American and French

Diana Schillag
Group Vice President and General Secretary
Oversees Healthcare activity, Sustainability
as well as General Control and Air Liquide Board
of Directors Relations
Born in 1971 – German

As of January 1, 2026.

Mr François Abrial, Senior Vice President, has decided to exercise his right to retirement and ceased his functions on December 31, 2025.

100

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

GOVERNANCE – COMPOSITION,
FUNCTIONING AND WORK
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AND COMMITTEES
1. Corporate Governance Code
The Board of Directors confirmed that, in keeping with the Group’s
previous practices, the AFEP/MEDEF Corporate Governance
Code for listed companies is the Code to which the Company
voluntarily refers. This Code in its updated version is available on
the
website:
https://hcge.fr/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/
Afep_Medef_Code_revision_2022_EN.pdf.
The Appointments and Governance Committee and the
Remuneration Committee reviewed current practices in the
Company with respect to the AFEP/MEDEF Code as amended in
December 2022. The Company considers that its practices
comply with the recommendations of the AFEP/MEDEF Code and
no points appear in the summary table (see below, paragraph
“Application of the AFEP/MEDEF Corporate Governance Code:
summary table” – page 125) established under the “Apply or
Explain” rule provided for by article L. 22-10-10 of the French
Commercial Code, and referred to in article 28.1 of the AFEP/
MEDEF Code of December 2022.

The Report of the Haut Comité de gouvernement d’entreprise
(French High Committee on Corporate Governance) and the
French financial market authority (AMF) Report on Corporate
Governance and the remuneration of Executive Officers of listed
companies published in December 2025 were reviewed by each
of the concerned Committees, which then made a report to the
Board of Directors.
The principles governing the professional ethics of Directors, the
diversity policy which applies to the Board of Directors, together
with the composition, role and rules of operation of the Board and
its Committees are defined in the internal regulations. The
updated version of the internal regulations is published in full on
the
Company’s
website:
https://www.airliquide.com/sites/
airliquide.com/files/2025-10/internal-regulations-of-the-board-ofdirectors-september-2025.pdf.

2. Governance structure: Separation of the functions
of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief
Executive Officer
Air Liquide’s governance is historically defined by an effort to
remain relevant to the Group’s challenges, to respect
Shareholders’ rights, balance of the powers and best practices.
In 2022, the Board of Directors chose a separated governance
structure. Since then, Mr. Benoît Potier has held the position of
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mr. François Jackow that
of Chief Executive Officer. Mr. François Jackow was also
appointed as a Director by the General Meeting of May 2022.

Governance structure as of May 2026
In February 2026, the Board of Directors, acting on the
recommendation of the Appointments and Governance
Committee, indicated its intention to maintain the separated
governance structure and to renew Mr. François Jackow as Chief
Executive Officer and Mr. Benoît Potier as Chairman of the Board
of Directors, as their respective terms of office expire at the close
of the General Meeting of May 5, 2026. Indeed, the Board of
Directors considered that the existing governance structure, which
allows for an expansion of the scope of action by leveraging the
complementary of the roles of the Chairman and the Chief
Executive Officer, remains the best suited to the challenges of the
current period for the Group.
The Board of Directors has thus decided to propose to the General
Meeting the renewal of the terms of office of Mr. Benoît Potier and
Mr. François Jackow as Directors for a period of four years.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

As part of a management transition that is already well underway,
the specific duties assigned to the Chairman of the Board of
Directors in 2022 in addition to his statutory duties would be
adapted and would henceforth be centered essentially on
institutional representation and long-term innovation areas of
focus, thereby allowing the Group to continue to benefit from the
Chairman's extensive experience in this field. Furthermore, in
close conjunction with the Lead Director, the Appointments and
Governance Committee, and the Chief Executive Officer, he
would continue to participate in the work relating to his own
succession.
The duties of Lead Director entrusted to Mr. Xavier Huillard, an
independent Director, would be maintained.

2.1. POWERS OF THE CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER
As an Executive Officer, the Chief Executive Officer who alone
oversees and manages the operations of the Company, is
invested with the broadest powers to act in all circumstances in
the Company’s name subject to certain decisions to be submitted
to prior authorization of the Board of Directors as established in
the articles of association and described in the internal regulations
(see below).
Mr François Jackow is also a Director of L’Air Liquide S.A. In this
capacity, he participates in the discussions and deliberations of
the Board of Directors.

AIR LIQUIDE

101

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

Limits on the powers of the Chief Executive Officer
In accordance with article 13 of the articles of association, decisions subject to the prior authorization or information of the Board
of Directors are defined in the internal regulations of the Board of Directors as follows:
“In accordance with article 13 of the articles of association, the decisions referred to below are subject to the prior authorization/
information of the Board of Directors.
In addition, concerning the “Subsidiaries” (defined as companies controlled by the Company) of the Group (defined as the Company and
all its Subsidiaries), the prior authorization/the information of the Board is required in the cases listed hereinafter expressly concerning the
Subsidiaries.
a. Sureties, endorsements and guarantees given by the Company for an individual amount in excess of 100 million euros or for an
annual cumulative amount in excess of 500 million euros, subject to the specific resolutions taken by the Board of Directors.
b. External sales or contributions (to companies other than majority-controlled companies) concerning the Company and the
Subsidiaries:
– of real estate assets for an individual amount in excess of 80 million euros or for an annual cumulative amount in excess of
150 million euros,
– of equity investments, either in whole or in part, for an individual amount in excess of 250 million euros or for an annual cumulative
amount in excess of 400 million euros,
– signing of any merger, demerger agreement or agreement for a partial business transfer, for an individual amount in excess of
250 million euros or for an annual cumulative amount in excess of 400 million euros, subject to the specific provisions applicable to
the Company as set out below,
– of lines of business, for an individual amount in excess of 250 million euros or an annual cumulative amount in excess of
400 million euros.
With regard to the Company, the authorization of the Board of Directors will be required in order to enter into, in the name of the
Company, external contributions in kind or partial business transfers, for an individual amount in excess of 250 million euros or for an
annual cumulative amount in excess of 400 million euros; the authorization of the Board of Directors will be required in order to enter
into, in the name of the Company, any merger, demerger or comparable transaction subject to the regime applicable to mergers and
demergers; it is specified that the Board of Directors may delegate to the Chief Executive Officer (or to the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, as the case may be) the powers to enter into such transactions under the conditions and for the amounts which it
will determine.
c. Creation of pledges or security by the Company for an individual amount in excess of 80 million euros or for an annual cumulative
amount in excess of 150 million euros.
d. Concerning the Company and the Subsidiaries: (i) commitments to invest in or (ii) acquire equity investments or assets, consisting of
immoveable or moveable property, tangible or intangible, which will be listed under “Fixed Assets” on the balance sheet, or to
subscribe to share capital increases for an individual amount in excess of 250 million euros or for an annual cumulative amount in
excess of 400 million euros.
The Board will be informed of operations for an individual amount in excess of 250 million euros, involving (i) purchases relating to
items that cannot be listed under “Fixed Assets” on the balance sheet, such as electricity or natural gas purchases, and (ii) the sale to
third parties of engineering or construction goods or services, such information being provided if possible ex ante, and in any case ex
post.
Approvals of programs for investments by successive “tier” shall be requested from the Board of Directors.
e. Any financing operation concerning the Company or the Subsidiaries for an amount likely to substantially alter the Group’s financial
structure.
f. Operations likely to substantially alter the Group strategy as determined by the Board of Directors.
It is specified that when the Board of Directors’ authorization is required due to one of the overall annual ceilings set in this paragraph
being exceeded, the Board of Directors may, if it considers it appropriate, renew its authorization for all or part of the authorized amount
initially granted.
Moreover, in the event of a fundamental modification of the Group’s information system leading to an investment exceeding an amount of
250 million euros, the Board of Directors will be given prior information.”

2.2. CURRENT DUTIES OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Chairman of the Board of Directors organizes and manages
the work of the Board of Directors and reports on such work to the
General Meeting. He is responsible for calling meetings of the
Board of Directors. He sets the dates and agenda for Board
meetings, manages the conduct of the meetings themselves and
leads their discussions.
The Chairman of the Board of Directors is in charge of the smooth
running of the Company’s bodies. His role includes ensuring that
Directors are able to accomplish their tasks. As part of this, he

102

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

makes sure that they have all of the available information
necessary to accomplish them effectively.
Within a context of continuity, given Mr Benoît Potier’s long
experience as head of Air Liquide and his in-depth knowledge of
the Group, he has been entrusted in 2022 by the Board of
Directors, for the duration of the managerial transition, with
specific tasks over and above those legally conferred on the
Chairman of the Board of Directors.

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

The specific tasks of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, carried out in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, described in the
internal regulations of the Board of Directors, are as follows:
■ “the Chairman is involved in major decisions concerning the definition of the Group’s overall strategy and organization;
■ the Chairman may, at the Chief Executive Officer’s request, attend internal meetings with management on these topics in order to
shed light on the strategic issues;
■ the Chairman may, in close collaboration with the Chief Executive Officer, represent the Group (pursuant to an institutional role) vis-àvis the public authorities and some strategic partners and/or stakeholders;
■ the Chairman may, in close collaboration with the Chief Executive Officer, meet with the principal shareholders on governance
matters, in addition to more specific matters, as agreed with the Chief Executive Officer. He shall keep the Chief Executive Officer
informed. He monitors the Group’s shareholder strategy and continues to chair the Shareholders’ Communication Committee;
■ the Chairman makes his experience available to the Group and ensures that the Group’s values and culture are upheld.
The Chairman attends the meetings of the Appointments and Governance Committee and the Remuneration Committee. He plays an
active role in the recruitment of Directors led by the Appointments and Governance Committee. The Chairman reports to the Board on the
performance of his responsibilities.”

2.3. REPORT ON THE ACTIVITIES IN 2025 OF THE CHAIRMAN
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
As set out in the internal regulations, the Chairman of the Board of
Directors reported to the Board on the performance of his duties
during the past fiscal year.

■ attended ad hoc meetings with the Chief Executive Officer and
certain members of the Executive Committee, particularly on
the Group’s strategy;

During this period and in addition to the traditional duties of a
Chairman of the Board of Directors, Mr Benoît Potier notably:

■ answered questions from Shareholders during the General
Meeting of May 6, 2025: this question-and-answer session
remains an important opportunity to exchange views between
the Shareholders and the Chairman;

■ participated in numerous events organized by public
authorities at national, European and global levels in order to
represent the Group (as part of its institutional representation
missions), such as at the World Economic Forum in Davos and
the Franco-British Colloquium in January 2025 and the
Franco-German meetings in Evian in September 2025;
■ participated in the work of organizations dealing with topics
relevant to the Group: the ERT (European Round Table) and
the Asia Business Council;

■ chaired the three meetings of the Shareholders’
Communication Committee, the three dedicated afternoons
having enabled rich and in-depth discussions with the
Committee’s 12 Shareholders;
■ as part of the meetings with investors that are organized every
year, he also met with six major Shareholders in 2025 to
discuss governance topics.

3. Composition of the Board of Directors
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AS AT 12/31/2025

14 members
INDEPENDENT
DIRECTORS (a)

83%

DIRECTORS
REPRESENTING
THE EMPLOYEES

2

PARITY (a)

NATIONALITIES

W: 42%
M: 58%

5

AVERAGE LENGTH
OF PRESENCE
ON THE BOARD

6 years

(a) Directors representing employees are not taken into account when calculating this percentage - (ESRS 2 GOV-1 §21 (d)).

As at December 31, 2025, the Board of Directors comprised
14 members: 12 members appointed by the General Meeting,
including one executive member (the Chief Executive Officer) and
13 non-executive members (1), five of whom are foreign nationals
(German, American, Italian and Chinese (Hong Kong)) and two of
whom are Directors representing the employees.
Changes to the Board of Directors and its Committees
in the 2025 fiscal year:
■ renewal for a period of four years of the terms of office as
Directors of Mr Xavier Huillard, Mr Aiman Ezzat and
Mr Bertrand Dumazy, by the General Meeting of May 6, 2025;
■ renewal of Mr Xavier Huillard as Chairman of the
Appointments and Governance Committee, of Mr Aiman Ezzat
as a member of the Audit and Accounts Committee, and of

(1)
(2)

Mr Bertrand Dumazy as a member of the Audit and Accounts
Committee and the Appointments and Governance Committee,
at the close of the General Meeting of May 6, 2025;
■ Appointment of Mr Alexis Perakis-Valat as Chairman of the
Remuneration Committee (succeeding Mr Xavier Huillard), of
Ms Christina Law as a member of the Remuneration
Committee and the Environment and Society Committee, and
Mr Michael H. Thaman as a member of the Environment and
Society Committee.
At the General Meeting of May 6, 2025, no appointments were
made of any Directors who had held positions as members of a
Board of Directors or Management or Supervisory Board in a
public administration (including a regulatory body) during the two
years preceding the 2025 fiscal year (2).

ESRS 2 GOV-1 § 21 (a).
ESRS G1-5 §30.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

103

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

Expertise and skills present on the Board (1)
Board members have experience in the fields of industry,
services, research and innovation, health, chemicals and
construction industry. The Directors also bring cross-functional
skills such as sustainability, finance and digital, as well as the
vision of senior executive of large international groups.
The expertise and experience provided by each of the Directors
making up the Board of Directors can be summarized in the matrix
presented below, which is unchanged from 2023. This matrix,

resulting from the work of the Appointments and Governance
Committee, presents the individual skills of the Directors,
distinguishing between functional skills and sectoral skills.
In response to the requests made by certain investors, the Board
identified three skills that could be qualified as major within the
Board, namely Energy, Sustainability and Digital/IT (in bold within
the following matrix). Each criterion included in the Board’s
diversity policy is nevertheless considered very important by the
Board of Directors.

SKILLS MATRIX

(a) The decision was made to include only those Directors who were former CFOs, given that the Executive Officers of large groups all have financial skills,
as a result of their positions.

(1)

104

ESRS 2 GOV-1 §21 (c).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

Description of how the Board determines whether members’
skills and expertise on sustainability topics exist or will
be developed (1):
1. Annual Needs Assessment: the Board, based on the work and
recommendations of the Appointments and Governance
Committee, annually reviews the composition of the Board and
identifies skills needs, including in regard of sustainability.
2. Recruitment and Training: new members are recruited by
applying the criteria of the diversity policy set by the Board,
which include sustainability (defined in paragraph 3.1 of this
Document). As soon as they are appointed and throughout
their term of office, they benefit from training:
– Internal trainings on the specificities of the Group
(activities/ESG), provided by the member of the Executive
Committee in charge;
– External trainings on high-impact subjects (CSRD,
sustainability), provided by external experts.
Thus, in 2025, as in 2023 and 2024, all members attended a
training course on the theme of CSR organized by the member
of the Executive Committee in charge. This training provided in
particular an opportunity to revisit the climate strategy and
present the impact of the Group’s actions through concrete
projects. In addition, members were able to take part in a halfday field visit of the Saclay campus, dedicated to innovation, in
particular as part of the visit of laboratories dedicated to
decarbonization methods (2).
3. Skills Monitoring: The Board annually reviews the matrix of
individual skills of members, established on the basis of their
current and previously held positions (and reflected in the
individual summaries appearing on pages 126 to 139). It
ensures that these skills remain in line with the Board’s
diversity policy and Air Liquide’s stakes. In terms of the skills
targeted in the skills matrix, 86% of members (12 out of 14)
had sustainability skills in 2025. Four of the five members
sitting on the Environment and Society Committee (dedicated
to sustainability issues) are among those with this expertise.

4. Alignment of Directors’ Skills and Expertise with material
sustainability topics for the Group (and corresponding IRO):
The Board ensures that the skills of the Directors correspond
to the Group’s material sustainability topics, described in
Chapter 5 of the Document.
The skills of the members identified in the matrix correspond in
particular to the following sustainability topics:
– Climate change and Energy (E1): A majority of members
have the required skills, either because they are senior
executives or former senior executives who have initiated
or implemented sustainable transformation plans for their
group, particularly in the field of energy transition, as well
as decarbonation plans, or because they are personally
committed to combating climate change, or because they
hold positions in this field. The skills of some members in
the areas of energy and energy transition also correspond
to Issue E1.
– Social topics (S1 / S2 / S4): The majority of members, due
to their responsibilities as senior executives or former
senior executives, have skills (particularly due to their
expertise in Human Resources) related to social topics
(employees of the Group and the value chain), in particular
those relating to the rights and working conditions of
employees, diversity, equality, inclusion, social dialogue
and the health and safety of employees. In addition, some
members have skills in the health field and in this respect
bring their expertise in protecting the interests of patients.
– Business conduct (3) (G1): given the current or former
responsibilities of most members in large international
groups, the level of expertise of the Board on topics relating
to business conduct (compliance with regulations on ethics
and the prevention of corruption and influence peddling) is
high. In addition, in order to maintain/develop this
expertise, a training module on the fight against corruption
and the payment of bribes is made available to all Directors
(see details of training – page 112).

3.1. DIVERSITY POLICY – SELECTION OF NEW MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The internal regulations stipulate that:
“The members are chosen for their skills, their integrity, their independence of mind and their determination to take into account the
interests of all shareholders.”
“Diversity policy concerning the Board of Directors: the composition of the Board of Directors, with regard to its members appointed
by the General Meeting upon the proposal of the Board of Directors, shall reflect diversity and complementarity of experience, in
particular international experience, nationalities, age, gender, cultures and expertise, including a significant number of executive
managers or former executive managers; the Board of Directors shall look for persons possessing skills in the following areas: energy,
sustainability, digital, services, industry, R&D/Technology, health, finance, and marketing.”
The diversity policy which applies to the members of the Board is accompanied by guidelines, which are set forth in the internal
regulations which, although not written in stone, also guide the composition of the Board, in particular in terms of the number of Directors
appointed by the General Meeting (in principle 10 to 12), the duration of the terms of office (four years, principle of staggering renewals,
the proportion of members appointed by the General Meeting in office for more than 12 years cannot exceed one-third), age or the
proportion of members who qualify as independent, thus aiming to comply with the recommended principles in terms of good Corporate
Governance practices.

(1)
(2)
(3)

ESRS 2 GOV-1 § 23 (a) and (b).
See the details of the training completed by the members of the Board of Directors in paragraph 6 of this Chapter.
ESRS G1 GOV-1 §5 (b) and ESRS G1-3 §18 (c).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

105

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

The Board of Directors relies upon the work of the Appointments and Governance Committee in order to propose to the General Meeting,
any new appointment or renewal of the terms of office of Directors. New independent Directors are appointed according to the steps
described below (summarized in the internal regulations of the Board of Directors):
PROFILE

APPLICATIONS

SELECTION

DECISION

Definition of the profile sought
by the Appointments
and Governance Committee
with regard to:

■ Profile searches carried out

■ Discussions within the

■ Approval by the Board of the

■

sought-after skills and
experience in accordance
with the Board’s diversity
policy;

■

sought-after professional
and personal qualities; and

■

gender parity.

by the Committee, as
the case may be, with the
help of a recruitment firm.

■ In-depth study by the

Committee of the profiles
identified.

■ Establishment of a list

of potential candidates.

Committee concerning the
candidates: adequacy with
the needs identified,
verification of the rules of
the AFEP/MEDEF Code
(multiple offices,
independence, etc.).

draft resolution relating to
the appointment of the new
Director to be submitted to
the General Meeting.

■ Individual meeting with the

Chairman of the Committee,
the Chairman of the Board
and with each member.

■ Conclusion and

recommendation to the
Board of Directors.

Changes to the Board for 2026:
In view of the diversity of profiles, experience and expertise of the
members of the Board of Directors, the latter, on the
recommendation of the Appointments and Governance
Committee, has decided not to propose any new appointments to
the General Meeting of May 5, 2026.

If the General Meeting adopts the resolutions proposed to it, the
composition of the Board of Directors will remain the same as the
composition as at December 31, 2025 (see table above) with 14
members (including 12 appointed by the General Meeting and two
Directors representing the employees).

The composition of the Board, comprising 12 members appointed
by the General Meeting, complies with the provisions of the
internal regulations (which provide for 10 to 12 members
excluding Directors representing the employees).

3.2. INDEPENDENCE OF BOARD MEMBERS
Based on the full definition of independence set out in the AFEP/MEDEF Corporate Governance Code, the internal regulations define the
criteria applied within the Company to assess the independence of a Board member.
“A member of the Board of Directors is independent when he/she has no relationship of any kind with the Company, its Group or its
management which may interfere with his/her freedom to exercise his/her judgment.
In this spirit, the criteria which may provide guidance to the Board in order to classify a member as independent will be as follows:
■ he/she is not and has never been an employee or member of the Executive Management of the Company,
■ he/she does not hold office as Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman or member of the Management
Board of a company in which the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or a Senior Executive Vice President
of Air Liquide is a Director or member of the Supervisory Board,
■ he/she must not have any business relations with the Air Liquide Group which represent a significant part of the business activities (i)
of the company of which the Director is a member of the Executive Management or (ii) of Air Liquide,
■ he/she does not have any close family links with the Chief Executive Officer or a Senior Executive Vice President,
■ he/she must not have been an auditor of the Company during the previous five years,
■ he/she must not have been a member of the Board of Directors (or Supervisory Board) of the Company for more than 12 years.”
Every year, an assessment of the independence of the Directors
appointed by the General Meeting and, as the case may be, of the
candidates for such a position is included on the agenda of the
Board. Thus, at its meeting on February 19, 2026, based on the
work of the Appointments and Governance Committee, the Board
of Directors reviewed each of the criteria contained in the Board’s
internal regulations and in the AFEP/MEDEF Code, enabling it to
assess the independence of each Director.
The Air Liquide Group is particularly attentive to conflicts of
interest and even potential conflicts of interest.

To determine whether or not the business relationship is material,
for each Director or candidate for these positions, criteria such as
the following are examined:
■ the percentage of worldwide business volumes between the
Air Liquide Group and each group in which an Air Liquide
Director (or candidate for the position of Director) holds a
corporate office or a management position. The percentage of
business volume is assessed for both the Air Liquide Group
and each group concerned;
■ the economic dependence;
■ the exclusivity;
■ the participation of the Director in the business relationship;
■ the length and continuity of the business relationship.

106

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

In addition, given the organization of the Air Liquide Group, its
size, the diversity of its businesses and geographical presence,
the Directors concerned are not involved in the commercial
relationships that are conducted, within the Air Liquide Group, at
the level of the subsidiaries concerned and, where applicable, the
clusters (groups of countries) and Global Business Units.

The Board relies on a summary table of the flows (purchases and
sales) that took place during the past fiscal year between the
Air Liquide Group and the group within which an Air Liquide
Director appointed by the General Meeting (or a candidate
proposed for these functions) also holds a corporate office or an
executive function (on this point, see the information relating to
the positions and functions held by the Directors – pages 126 to
139). Such figures are weighed against the total purchases and
sales of each group to measure their significance.

After a review of each individual situation, the Board concluded
that none of the Directors has to exercise a direct or indirect
decision-making power in the contractual negotiations leading to
the business affairs discussed. If this were not the case, he/she
would have to declare a conflict of interest to the Board. This
matter would then be addressed in accordance with the ethical
rules provided for in the internal regulations.

For the 2025 fiscal year, this chart shows that the amounts of
sales by the Air Liquide Group to any of the relevant groups, or of
its purchases from any such groups, do not exceed 1% of the total
sales or purchases by the Air Liquide Group or by any of the
relevant groups.

As a result of the review carried out, it was concluded that no
group in which a Director of Air Liquide holds a corporate office or
a management position has a significant business relationship
with the Air Liquide Group.

Beyond the quantitative criteria mentioned above, the qualitative
review conducted by the Board of Directors led to the conclusion
that neither Air Liquide nor the groups concerned are in a
relationship of economic dependence or exclusivity, as these are
large international groups with very diversified activities.

Furthermore, no member of the Board of Directors is bound
by a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

The review by the Board of Directors of the individual situation of each Director in light of the criteria required by the AFEP/MEDEF Code
for independent status is shown in the following table (situation as at December 31, 2025):
Philippe
Dubrulle
AFEP/MEDEF
criteria

Benoît François Xavier
Potier
Jackow Huillard Bertrand Aiman Catherine Christina
(C.BoD)
(CEO)
(LD)
Dumazy Ezzat Guillouard
Law

Kim
Ann
Mink

(Director

Fatima
Tighlaline
(Director

Alexis
Monica
representing representing
Perakis- Michael H.
de
Annette
the
the
Valat
Thaman
Virgiliis Winkler employees) employees)

Criterion 1
Employee
corporate
officer within
the previous
5 years

û

û

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

N/A

N/A

Criterion 2
Crossdirectorships

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

N/A

N/A

Criterion 3
Significant
business
relations

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

N/A

N/A

Criterion 4
Family ties

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

N/A

N/A

Criterion 5
Not to have
been an
auditor
of the
Company
within the
previous
5 years

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

N/A

N/A

Criterion 6
Term
of office
in excess
of 12 years

û

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

ü

N/A

N/A

Criterion 7
Status
of nonexecutive
corporate
officer

ü

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Criterion 8
Major
shareholder
status

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

The Board also reviewed the situation of each Director in light of each of the criteria in the internal regulations as set forth above
(page 106 of this Universal Registration Document). The criteria used are very largely inspired by the AFEP/MEDEF Corporate
Governance Code. The Board of Directors continues to consider, however, that the Company’s former employees or officers cannot be
deemed to be independent even if they ceased to hold office more than five years ago.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

107

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

A table showing the list of Directors who are considered to be independent in light of the criterion provided for in the internal regulations
and the AFEP/MEDEF Code is set out below.
As at December 31, 2025
Independence of the Directors appointed
by the General Meeting in light of the criteria in the
Internal regulations

AFEP/MEDEF Code

Benoît Potier – Chairman of the Board of Directors

No

No

François Jackow – Chief Executive Officer

No

No

Xavier Huillard – Lead Director
Bertrand Dumazy

Yes
Yes

Yes
Yes

Aiman Ezzat

Yes

Yes

Catherine Guillouard
Christina Law

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Kim Ann Mink

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
N/A
N/A

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
N/A
N/A

Alexis Perakis-Valat
Michael H. Thaman
Monica de Virgiliis
Annette Winkler
Philippe Dubrulle – Director representing the employees
Fatima Tighlaline – Director representing the employees
The Board therefore deemed that, at the end of the 2025 fiscal
year, the following members elected by the General Meeting were
independent: Mr Bertrand Dumazy, Mr Aiman Ezzat, Ms Catherine
Guillouard, Mr Xavier Huillard, Ms Christina Law, Ms Kim Ann
Mink, Mr Alexis Perakis-Valat, Mr Michael H. Thaman, Ms Monica
de Virgiliis and Ms Annette Winkler (i.e. 83% (1) independent
Directors). Pursuant to the provisions of the AFEP/MEDEF Code,
Mr Philippe Dubrulle and Ms Fatima Tighlaline, Directors
representing the employees, were not taken into account when
calculating this ratio.
At the close of the General Meeting of May 5, 2026, taking into
account the application of the criterion of a term of office within
the Company exceeding 12 years for Ms. Annette Winkler, the
independence rate would stand at 75% (subject to the approval by
the General Meeting of the proposed resolutions).

(1)

108

3.3. LEAD DIRECTOR
Pursuant to the terms of article 13 of the articles of association,
the Board of Directors is obliged to appoint a Lead Director, as
long as the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are
combined. In the event of separation of the functions of Chairman
of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, the Board of Directors
may also appoint a Lead Director from among the independent
members of the Appointments and Governance Committee. The
Lead Director remains in office until the end of his or her term of
office on the Appointments and Governance Committee.
Mr Xavier Huillard, independent Director, has been Lead Director
since May 2022. Following the renewal of his term of office as
Director by the General Meeting of May 6, 2025, the Board of
Directors decided to renew Mr Huillard as Lead Director for the
duration of his term of office on the Appointments and
Governance Committee (pursuant to the provisions of the internal
regulations of the Board of Directors).

ESRS 2 GOV-1 §21 (e).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

3.3.1. Roles, responsibilities and powers of the Lead Director
The internal regulations of the Board of Directors:
A) define the responsibilities and powers of the Lead Director as follows:
“Roles, responsibilities and powers of the Lead Director
The Lead Director has the following roles, responsibilities and powers:
1. He conducts, upon delegation from the Chairman of the Appointments and Governance Committee when he is not the Committee
Chairman himself, the work of the Appointments and Governance Committee concerning the governance tasks entrusted to the
Committee, notably for the examination of the choice of general management organization, the review of changes in and application
of the rules of Corporate Governance, the preparation of the evaluation of the functioning of the Board, the review of ethical issues,
the attention paid to the proper functioning of the governance bodies, in particular in the transmission of the information requested by
Independent Directors; on all these points, the Lead Director can formulate all proposals and make any suggestions he considers
necessary.
More specifically, the Lead Director coordinates, within the Committee, the implementation of the procedures aimed at identifying and
analyzing potential situations of conflicts of interest on the Board; he draws the attention of the Chairman of the Board of Directors (or
the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer as the case may be) to potential situations of conflicts of interest identified in this manner.
He reports on these matters to the Board of Directors.
2. The Lead Director, after receiving the opinion of the Appointments and Governance Committee, may ask the Chairman of the Board of
Directors to convene a meeting of the Board of Directors on any specified agenda, at any time and as often as required in the
interests of the Company.
Under the conditions provided for in article IV of these regulations, the Lead Director may also receive a delegation of authority to
convene a meeting of the Board of Directors at the request of at least one-third of its members.
3. The Lead Director, after receiving the opinion of the Appointments and Governance Committee, may propose the inclusion of
additional points on the agenda for any Board meeting to the Chairman of the Board of Directors.
4. Once a year, the Lead Director calls a meeting of the members of the Board of Directors for a session to be held without the presence
of the Group’s Executive Directors (or former Executive Directors) or internal Directors and employee representatives. He organizes
and leads the discussions of this annual session which he chairs.
5. The Lead Director reviews the requests made by shareholders with regard to governance and makes sure that they are answered.
6. The Lead Director reports on his activities to the Board of Directors every year.
7. The Lead Director makes sure that a report is made to the shareholders on the governance issues falling within the scope of his
responsibilities. A report on his activities is made in the Universal Registration Document.”
B) also provide, without prejudice to the provisions on convening
the Board of Directors, which are set forth in the internal
regulations of the Board of Directors, that the Lead Director, after
receiving the opinion of the Appointments and Governance
Committee, may ask the Chairman of the Board of Directors to
convene the Board of Directors on a given agenda; this right may
be exercised at any time and as often as the Company’s interests
may require. The Chairman of the Board of Directors is bound by
this request.
The Lead Director may be approached by the other Directors
outside of Board of Directors’ meetings as often as they deem
necessary and the Directors are regularly asked about the level of
dialog with the Lead Director.

3.3.2. Report on the activity
of the Lead Director
The Lead Director’s activities during the 2025 fiscal year related
to the following points:
■ conducting the work of the Appointments and Governance
Committee concerning the governance missions entrusted to
it, and in particular:
– reviewing the Company’s practices in light of the
recommendations of the AFEP/MEDEF Code, the AMF and
the Haut Comité de gouvernement d’entreprise (French
High Committee on Corporate Governance) included in
their respective 2025 reports,
– selecting the external service provider for the assessment
of the Board of Directors at the end of 2025, presenting to
the Board of Directors in February 2026 of the summary of
Directors’ assessments of the functioning of the Board (for
more details on the assessment, see page 114),
– informing the Board of Directors on the regular contacts
between the Chairman of the Board of Directors and/or the
Chief Executive Officer and Shareholders;

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

■ chairing and leading the meeting of the Board of Directors held
at the end of the last Board of Directors’ meeting of the year
2025, bringing together all the Directors without the presence
of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive
Officer, the Directors representing the employees or the
employee representative. The Lead Director held discussions
with the Chairman of the Board of Directors on the matters
raised during this session (for more details, see page 115);
■ regular meetings with the Chairman of the Board of Directors
and the Directors, in particular on governance issues;
■ presenting to Shareholders the work carried out by the
Remuneration Committee, which he chaired until the General
Meeting of May 6, 2025;
■ reviewing the expectations expressed by Shareholders at the
General Meeting. The Lead Director also took note of the
conclusions of the meetings organized at the end of 2025 with
numerous institutional Shareholders to prepare for the General
Meeting in May 2026.
He reported to the Board of Directors on his activities in February
2026.
During the 2025 fiscal year, the Lead Director took part in:
■ all the Board meetings (five meetings);
■ the three meetings of the Appointments and Governance
Committee;
■ the two meetings of the Remuneration Committee held before
May 2025;
■ the meeting of the “Shareholder Relations” Working Group.

AIR LIQUIDE

109

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

4. Professional ethics of Directors – Rights and obligations
of Directors
The internal regulations summarize the main obligations imposed
on Directors. The Director represents all the Shareholders and
shall act in all circumstances in the Company’s corporate interest.

Directors at the beginning of 2026 which outlines in greater detail
the applicable legal and regulatory obligations by which they are
bound pursuant to the European and national provisions.

Each Director undertakes to meet the obligations imposed upon
him/her by the articles of association and the various legal,
regulatory or internal Company provisions and, more specifically,
the internal rules relating to the prevention of market abuse or the
obligations to report transactions in the Company’s shares. The
Directors are regularly informed by the Company of their
obligations in this area. The Company also has an internal
procedure for managing inside information. As every year, an
internal memo on the prevention of market abuse was sent to the

Each Director is bound by an obligation of secrecy. The members
of the Audit Committee are, in particular, bound by an obligation of
confidentiality concerning the information relating to the services
performed by the Statutory Auditors, under the conditions laid
down by the law.
Each Director shall endeavor to take part in all meetings of the
Board and the Committees of which he/she is a member, and
attend the General Meetings.

The information required by the AFEP/MEDEF Code concerning the level of individual attendance of the members of the Board
of Directors is shown in the following table:
Board
of Directors

Audit
and Accounts
Committee

Appointments
and Governance
Committee

Remuneration
Committee

Environment
and Society
Committee

Benoît Potier
Chairman of the Board

100%

—

—

—

—

François Jackow
Chief Executive Officer

100%

—

—

—

—

100%

—

100%

100%

—

100%

100%

100%

—

—

100%

100%

—

—

—

100%

100%

—

—

—

100%

—

—

100%

100%

100%

—

—

100%

—

100%

—

—

100%

—

100%

—

—

—

100%

100%

—

—

—

100%

100%

—

100%

—

100%

Philippe Dubrulle
Director representing the employees

100%

—

—

—

100%

Fatima Tighlaline
Director representing the employees

80%

—

—

100%

—

TOTAL

99%

100%

100%

100%

100%

Xavier Huillard (a)
Lead Director
Bertrand Dumazy
Aiman Ezzat
Catherine Guillouard
Christina Law (b)
Kim Ann Mink
Alexis Perakis-Valat (c)
Michael H. Thaman (d)
Monica de Virgiliis
Annette Winkler

(a) Mr Xavier Huillard attended meetings of the Remuneration Committee until May 2025.
(b) Ms Christina Law attended meetings of the Remuneration Committee and the Environment and Society Committee from May 2025 (following her appointment
as a member of these two Committees).
(c) Mr Alexis Perakis-Valat attended meetings of the Remuneration Committee from May 2025 (following his appointment as Chairman of this Committee).
(d) Mr Michael H. Thaman attended meetings of the Environment and Society Committee from May 2025 (following his appointment as a member of this Committee).

The members of the Audit and Accounts Committee and the
Environment and Society Committee also met two times in 2025
for joint sessions between these two Committees. The attendance
rate for these sessions was 100% (see information on the joint
session between these two Committees – page 120).

110

holds. This provision does not apply to the Directors representing
the employees.

Each Director shall keep him/herself informed and devote the time
and attention required to perform his/her duties.

Under the terms of the internal regulations, the members of the
Board of Directors must inform the Board of any situation of
conflict of interest, even if it is only potential, with the Company
and must refrain from taking part in the discussions and in the
vote on the corresponding decision.

Under the Company’s articles of association, each Director must
hold at least 500 registered shares in the Company. The Director
shall inform the Company of the number of shares which he/she

This obligation is completed by a formal annual declaration
provided to the Company by each Director, attesting the absence
of a potential conflict of interest involving him/her.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

DECLARATIONS
Pursuant to the declarations made to the Company by each
corporate officer, the Company confirms that the corporate
officers have no family ties with any other corporate officer and
have not been convicted of fraud at any point in at least the last
five years.
No official charge and/or public sanction has been pronounced
against them by the statutory or regulatory authorities (including
any professional bodies) and they have not been barred by a
court from serving as a member of a Supervisory Board, Board of
Directors or other management body of an issuer or from taking
part in the management or conduct of an issuer’s business affairs
at any point in at least the last five years. They have no conflicts
or potential conflicts of interest with regard to L’Air Liquide S.A.
No arrangement or agreement has been entered into with the
main Shareholders, customers, suppliers or other persons,
pursuant to which L’Air Liquide S.A.’s corporate officers were
selected as such. Such persons have not agreed any restriction
on the divestiture, within a certain period of time, of their holding
in the capital of L’Air Liquide S.A. apart from the rules relating to
the prevention of market abuse, the statutory obligation for the
members of the Board of Directors who are elected by the
General Meeting to hold at least 500 registered shares in the
Company throughout the period of their term of office and the
shareholding obligations which apply to the Company Officers.

The corporate officers have not been linked to any bankruptcy,
receivership or liquidation at any point in at least the last five years.
Finally, the Appointments and Governance Committee, under the
management of the Lead Director, currently has the task of
preventing potential situations of conflict of interest on the Board.
In accordance with the AFEP/MEDEF Code, the internal
regulations provide for a maximum of four other terms of office as
a Director held within French or foreign listed companies for nonexecutive Directors. This number is reduced to two other terms of
office for Company Officers.
Moreover, non-executive Directors are required to provide
information on the terms of office held in other companies, including
their participation on any Board Committees of such companies.
An obligation to ask for the opinion of the Board of Directors
(which makes a decision on the recommendation of the
Appointments and Governance Committee) before accepting a
new corporate office in a listed company is also provided for
Company Officers.
All the provisions governing Directors’ rights and obligations are
included in the manual for members of the Board of Directors
which is updated once a year.

5. Role and tasks of the Board of Directors
■ The Board of Directors determines the orientations of the
Company’s activities and ensures their implementation, in line
with its corporate interest, by taking into account the social and
environmental stakes of its activity (1). Accordingly, it examines
and approves, based on proposals from the Company’s
General Management, the main points of the Group’s strategy
(in principle between three and five year objectives), including
the multi-annual strategy orientations concerning Corporate
Social Responsibility (2). It reviews the Group’s annual
objectives. It ensures the implementation of these orientations
by the General Management.
■ The Board of Directors regularly reviews, in line with its
strategic orientations, financial, legal, operational and
sustainability opportunities and risks, as well as the measures
taken as a result. It ensures that a system has been
implemented for the prevention and detection of corruption and
influence peddling (3). Subject to the powers attributed to the
General Meetings and within the limit of the corporate purpose,
the Board deals with any issue concerning the smooth running
of the Company and manages corporate business pursuant to
its decisions. The Board of Directors may conduct controls and
verifications as it deems appropriate.
■ The internal regulations stipulate that the specific powers vested
in the Board of Directors include, in particular, the choice of
Company Officers, the determination of their remuneration and
setting of the terms and conditions governing their employment
and performance of their duties in accordance with current
regulations; the appointment of the Lead Director; the
convening of the General Meeting (and determination of the
agenda and draft resolutions within this scope); the preparation
of the financial statements and Annual Management Report
(including in particular the Vigilance Plan and a report on its

(1)
(2)
(3)

implementation, as well as a separate section on sustainability
information) and the Report on Corporate Governance; the
definition of the Group’s gender policy for governance bodies;
the establishment of its proper rules for functioning (creation of
Committees, breakdown of Directors’ annual remuneration, and
more). In addition, the Board of Directors may also decide or
authorize the issuance of straight bonds.
■ The Board also exercises the powers delegated to it by the
General Meeting, particularly with regard to the granting of
stock options or award of performance shares, issues of
marketable securities, share buyback or employee savings
programs.
■ The Board of Directors ensures that the General Management
implements a non-discrimination and diversity policy, notably
concerning balanced gender representation within the Group’s
governing bodies. Acting on a proposal by General
Management, the Board sets the diversity targets within the
Executive Committee. General Management makes a
submission to the Board on how the targets will be
implemented, together with an action plan and schedule for
completion. General Management reports the results to the
Board every year.
In this context, the Board of Directors, at its meeting in
February 2026, on the recommendation of the Appointments
and Governance Committee, noted that the target set for 2025
had been met, namely the maintenance of the 2026 legal
target, which has already been achieved, of 30% women on
the Executive Committee, and set the target of reaching,
based on legal requirements, 40% of women on the Executive
Committee in 2029. (See details on pages 341 and 342 of this
Universal Registration Document).

ESRS GOV-1 §22 (b).
ESRS GOV-1 §22 (b).
ESRS G1 GOV-1 § 5 (a).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

111

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

6. Functioning of the Board of Directors
Informing the Directors: the internal regulations define the
methods for informing the Directors. They specify, in particular,
that prior to Board meetings, a file of meeting documentation is
sent out to Board members covering the items on the agenda.
Files are provided in electronic form on a dedicated platform. The
Chief Executive Officer, assisted, if need be, by members of the
management teams, presents to the Board of Directors a
quarterly report on the Company’s management, the draft annual
and interim financial statements and the various issues requiring
the authorization or opinion of the Board of Directors. For major
substantive issues (major projects, M&A, etc.), a very detailed
summary is prepared. Any member of the Board of Directors may
request any additional information he/she considers necessary.
He/she makes such a request to the Chairman of the Board.
Interactions between the non-Executive Directors and the
members of the Executive Committee are regular and take place
during specific presentations made at meetings of the Board of
Directors and at Committee meetings, as well as outside of these
meetings. They also meet with them during training sessions on
the activities for which the members of the Executive Committee
are responsible.
The Directors may ask to meet members of the Executive
Committee at any time.
Holding of meetings: the internal regulations define the frequency
and rules for convening meetings of the Board of Directors.
During the meeting, a summary presentation of the items is made,
allowing considerable time for exchanges and discussions. The
presentations give rise to questions and are followed by
discussions. A round-the-table discussion is systematically held
concerning the significant points, before moving to vote on the
items on the agenda. Detailed written minutes are then sent to the
members for their review and comments, before the approval of
the Board of Directors at its next meeting.
The Statutory Auditors, who are also responsible for certifying
sustainability information, are also heard during the review of the
financial statements.
Specialized Committees of the Board: the internal regulations
define the tasks and operating procedures for the four Board
Committees (a description of the missions of the Committees’
tasks is provided on pages 117 to 124).

(1)

112

Training measures: the internal regulations stipulate that training
measures are offered to the Directors relating to the Company’s
businesses and specific features, in particular by means of site
visits or meetings with senior executives, and to the Company’s
Corporate social responsibility aspects (in particular concerning
climate issues). In particular, training on the Group’s specific
accounting, financial, extra-financial and operational aspects, as
well as training on aspects related to the Group’s risks, are
offered to members of the Audit and Accounts Committee.
Each year, the Directors are asked about their training requirements
and a training request form is systematically proposed once a year
to each Director. Directors may ask to meet members of the
Executive Committee, the heads of each major business line and
the main corporate functions, visit sites and/or request specific
training by business line, activity or geographical area.
A specific training program is systematically offered to new
Directors. It is adapted to the skills and individual experience of
each new member. In addition, a form is systematically sent each
year to all members so that they can request any useful training.
In 2025, the Directors carried out internal training for the members
of the Executive Committee concerned, in particular on the topic
of Large Industries.
Furthermore, all members participated in a training session on
climate, organized by the Executive Committee member in charge
of the topic. This training provided in particular an opportunity to
revisit the climate strategy and present the impact of the Group’s
actions through concrete projects. In addition to this training, the
members were invited to a field visit of the Saclay campus,
dedicated to innovation, in particular as part of the visit of
laboratories dedicated to decarbonization methods.
The Board of Directors’ meeting in November 2025, which was
held away from the head office, gave rise to presentations on the
Group’s businesses, accompanied by site visits, in particular to
Large Industries with a visit to an Air Separation Unit (ASU), and
Industrial Merchant with a visit to a cylinder filling plant.
The digital training module on anti-corruption and bribery (the
module taken annually by Group employees potentially exposed
to these issues as a result of their duties) is made available to
members so that they can benefit from it (1)).
Details of training information for the two Directors representing
the employees are provided below (paragraph 7.1).

ESRS G1-3 § 18 (c).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

7. Participation of employee representatives
on the Board of Directors (1)
7.1. WITH A DELIBERATIVE VOTE
Two Directors representing the employees sit on the Board of
Directors with a deliberative vote: Mr Philippe Dubrulle (2), who is
also a member of the Environment and Society Committee, and
Ms Fatima Tighlaline (3), who is also a member of the
Remuneration Committee.
Mr Philippe Dubrulle and Ms Fatima Tighlaline are subject to all
the provisions of the internal regulations governing the rights and
obligations of Directors.
Within the scope of the agreement entered into with the various
stakeholders and pursuant to the provisions in force within the
Group, which apply to all the employees performing duties on
Boards of Directors of the Group companies, it was agreed that
employee Directors would not receive any remuneration.
The term of office of Mr Philippe Dubrulle expires at the close of
the May 2026 General Meeting. The latter, who was appointed by
the France Group Committee in June 2014, then renewed in 2018
and 2022, has announced that he will not present himself as a
candidate for renewal of his position. At its plenary session of
December 11, 2025, the France Group Committee appointed
Mr Benjamin Le Creurer as Director representing employees for a
four-year term, effective as of the General Meeting in May 2026.
Mr. Le Creurer joined Air Liquide in 2014 and serves as a
Modeling Engineer.

Training of Directors representing
the employees
Directors representing the employees may benefit from any training
adapted to the exercise of their term of office as Directors, in
accordance with the regulations in force. This time is considered as
actual working time and remunerated as such. The Board of
Directors, pursuant to the applicable legal provisions and the
agreement concluded between the various stakeholders, defined
the amount of time allocated to the Directors representing the
employees for (i) the preparation of meetings of the Board of
Directors (15 hours/meeting) and of the Committees which they are
member of (five hours/meeting) as well as (ii) training (40 hours/
year on a cumulative basis over the length of the term of office).
In addition to the internal training courses organized in particular
with members of the Executive Committee on certain specific Group
activities and cross-functional skills, the Directors representing the
employees benefited from the following external training:

(1)
(2)

(3)

■ As part of his first term of office, Mr Philippe Dubrulle attended
the training course provided by the Institute of Political Studies
of Paris in partnership with the IFA in 2016 and obtained the
Company Director certificate. In 2024, he completed the
training course started in late 2023, provided by the Institute of
Political Studies of Paris in association with the IDDRI
(Institute for Sustainable Development and International
Relations) on the ecological transition and the transformation
of organizations. This training complemented the training on
sustainable corporate models (organized by Centrale Supelec
Exed) attended by Mr Philippe Dubrulle in 2020.
■ Ms Fatima Tighlaline completed the training provided by the
Institute of Political Studies of Paris in partnership with the IFA
in 2021 and obtained the Company Director certificate.
Ms Fatima Tighlaline completed in 2025 the “Sustainable
Management: Keys to a Sustainable Business Model” Master
Class training offered by EcoLearn started in 2024.
In 2025, Ms Fatima Tighlaline and Mr Philippe Dubrulle
participated in all climate-related training courses followed by all
members and as part of the Board of Directors’ off-site meeting.
They also benefit from the digital training made available to all
members on the subject of anti-corruption and bribery payments
(see details in paragraph 6 “Training actions”, above).

7.2. WITH AN ADVISORY VOTE
Since the appointment in October 2020 of Ms Fatima Tighlaline
as the second Director representing the employees, and under
the agreement entered into with the various stakeholders, a
single member of the Social and Economic Committee, Mr Pierre
Gac, continues to attend Board of Directors’ meetings with an
advisory vote.
The delegate receives the same documents as those provided to
the Directors for these meetings. The delegate is able to express
his opinion on the questions discussed during the meetings.
A preparatory meeting, in the presence of a member of the
Executive Committee and the Secretary of the Board of
Directors, is scheduled before each Board meeting. This
preparatory meeting is the opportunity to go through the whole
file for the Board meeting with the Directors representing the
employees and the Social and Economic Committee delegate
and to comment on the items on the agenda. It offers the
participants the opportunity to raise their questions and make
their initial comments.

ESRS 2 GOV-1 21 (b).
Last reappointed in this position by the France Group committee on December 16, 2021, for a period of four years expiring at the close of the General Meeting
to be called in 2026 to approve the financial statements for the 2025 fiscal year.
Last reappointed in this position by the European Works Council on November 9, 2023, for a period of four years expiring at the close of the General Meeting
to be called in 2028 to approve the financial statements for the 2027 fiscal year.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

113

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

8. Evaluation of the Board of Directors
The internal regulations stipulate that:
“The Board will ensure that an evaluation is carried out periodically
of its composition, its organization and its functioning as well as
those of its Committees. An update will be made by the Board on
this topic once a year and a formal evaluation will be carried out at
least every three years. Within the scope of the evaluation of the
Board, the Directors will, in particular, be asked to state whether it
appears to them to be necessary for the choice of the Company’s
General Management organization to be re-examined.”

Evaluation process
An evaluation of the organization and functioning of the Board and
its Specialized Committees is conducted every year under the
responsibility of the Chairman of the Appointments and
Governance Committee, who also acts as Lead Director. This
evaluation is carried out on the basis of a questionnaire sent to
the Directors, the wording of which is approved by the
Appointments and Governance Committee.
In accordance with the AFEP/MEDEF Code, the internal
regulations and the recommendations of the AMF, the assessment
is carried out as follows:
■ in year n, a formal assessment carried out by an external
consultant chosen by the Appointments and Governance
Committee, which steers the process, through a comprehensive
assessment questionnaire sent to the members of the Board of
Directors, followed by individual interviews with each member. A
summary document is prepared by the consultant and sent to
the Appointments and Governance Committee and the Board,
and leads to the adoption of recommendations for action, and
■ in years n+1 and n+2, an annual internal follow-up assessment,
resulting in the sending of a simplified questionnaire to members,
who return written answers, with the aim in particular of assessing
the actions implemented in light of the recommendations made
since the last comprehensive assessment. These assessments
are subject to feedback and give rise to a review and, if
necessary, adjustment of the actions in progress.
The procedure used for the annual evaluation guarantees the
confidentiality of discussions and is launched after the last Board
of Directors’ meeting of the year and the session without the
presence of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer, as well
as the employee Directors and the employee representative. The
questionnaire is sent to all Directors. Each year, the questionnaire
contains a question relating to the assessment of the current
method of conducting General Management. In this framework, an
assessment is also made regarding the roles and actions of the
Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board of Directors
and the Lead Director. The Directors are also asked about the
composition of the Board of Directors and the current skills and/or
those sought for the future, the interaction between the Board and
its Committees, onboarding of new members, training of Directors,
etc.) and are invited to add any other comments they may have on
the functioning of the Board and its Committees.

114

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The Board’s functioning assessment is the subject of a specific
agenda item of the Appointments and Governance Committee
and of the Board to allow members to debate on this matter.
In light of the collegiate nature of the Board, the assessment
questionnaire asks members about the dynamics and collective
contribution of members to the Board operation. However, the
questionnaire sent annually to Directors also invites them to make
an evaluation of the actual, individual contribution of Directors in the
work of the Board of Directors. This point is also the subject of a
specific question addressed during the individual interviews carried
out during the formal assessment. The contribution by each Director
is also assessed by the Appointments and Governance Committee
and then by the Board of Directors at the time of renewal of the
terms of office of Directors and Committee members.
Any useful feedback is made to the members.

2025 evaluation
Under the agenda item on the Board’s functioning and the debate
on this subject, the Board of Directors reviewed the summary
made following a comprehensive evaluation of its operations and
that of its Committees, at the end of 2025. As in 2022, this
evaluation was conducted by an external service provider chosen
by the Appointments and Governance Committee after ensuring
its independence. A comprehensive evaluation questionnaire was
submitted to the members of the Board of Directors and individual
interviews were conducted by this service provider.
In particular, this exercise made it possible to note the members'
satisfaction regarding (i) the functioning of the separated
governance, (ii) the appropriate and balanced composition of the
Board and the commitment of its members, (iii) the quality of
interactions with Executive Committee members, both during
formal meetings and through informal discussions and training
sessions, (iv) the off-site Board session and the discussions and
training that took place on that occasion, and, generally, to the
consideration of the requests set forth during prior assessments.
Members expressed the wish to continue, in 2026, their work on
organization and talent management, strategy, geopolitics, as well
as the development of artificial intelligence.
In response to the requests made by members in 2024,
particularly regarding the need to allow even more space for open
discussion during meetings, the time allotted for debate and
interaction with management members was maximized.
Regarding the request relating to the training of Directors on key
topics, feedback from the 2025 evaluation was very positive (field
training in 2025 and continued onboarding). Finally, concerning
the regular review of topics identified as major in the Board's
work, a significant amount of time continued to be devoted in
2025 to strategy and key themes for the Group during meetings.

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

9. Meeting of the Board of Directors without the presence
of the Executive Officers
Pursuant to the provisions of the AFEP/MEDEF Code which recommend that at least one meeting per year is organized without
the presence of the Executive Officers, the internal regulations stipulate that:
“Once a year, the Lead Director calls a meeting of the members of
the Board of Directors for a session to be held without the
presence of the Group’s Executive Directors (or former Executive
Directors) or internal Directors and employee representatives. He
organizes and leads the discussions of this annual session which
he chairs.”

This session is held at the close of a Board of Directors’ meeting for
practical purposes and availability of members. In 2025, and in
accordance with previous years, the session took place following the
last Board of Directors’ meeting of the year. During this meeting,
members were able in particular to look back at work carried out
during the entire fiscal year, discuss the functioning of the Board, the
succession plan, and the governance structure.

10. The Board of Directors’ work in 2025
In 2025, the Board of Directors met five times with an effective
attendance rate or telephone attendance rate of 99% of its members.
The work of the Board is organized to cover all the missions
assigned to it and takes into account the comments expressed by
the members as part of the annual review of the Board’s operations.
The Board is informed on all the work of the four Committees and
the joint session between the Audit and Accounts Committee and
the Environment and Society Committee. The Board uses the
recommendations of the Committees to make its decisions.
In its discussions, deliberations, and decisions, the Board ensures
that it takes into account the Group’s material sustainability topics
(and the corresponding Impacts, Risks, and Opportunities (IROs)).
List of material sustainability topics notably addressed by the
Board and its Committees during the year (see below description
of the work of the Board and work of the Committees reported to
the Board) (1):
■ E1 (climate change mitigation, energy);
■ E3 (water management);
■ S1 and S2 (all material topics were reviewed through the work
of the Environment and Society Committee, and as part of the
review and approval of the Vigilance Plan and labor relations);
■ S4 (consumers and end-users);
■ G1 (corporate culture, prevention of corruption, protection of
whistleblowers).
In 2025, the Board of Directors focused specifically on the
following topics, notably through presentations by the General
Management and certain senior executives:

(1)

10.1. ACTIVITY, RESULTS AND STRATEGY
■ regularly reviewing the Group’s progress of business, activity
and results, and its quarterly activity reports;
■ approving the annual and half-year consolidated and
Company financial statements and reviewing the provisional
management documents; approving the terms of the
Management Report including a separate section including the
required information on sustainability, the Report on Corporate
Governance and other reports to Shareholders, based on the
review and recommendations of each relevant Committee;
■ presentation by the Statutory Auditors and sustainability
auditors of the conclusions of their work, in particular in the
context of the first-time application of the CSRD directive;
■ convening and preparing the Annual General Meeting;
■ reviewing the Group’s financial position regularly, and more
specifically its financing and debt management strategy and
monitoring the bond program;
■ analyzing the Group’s financial and extra-financial
performance, including a regular and detailed review of
financial and extra-financial indicators and their evolution,
reviewing efficiencies and margins; regularly reviewing the
competitive environment;
■ the share buyback and cancellation policy and monitoring
operations in connection with the Company’s share buyback
program;
■ the decision relating to the allocation of share capital reserved
for employees (one operation took place in November 2025);
■ reviewing the Audit and Accounts Committee’s report on the
monitoring conducted during the previous fiscal year regarding
the implementation of the appraisal procedure in respect of
transactions in the ordinary course of business entered into on
arm’s length terms;

ESRS 2 GOV-2 § 26 (c).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

115

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

■ reviewing risk mapping and any changes; monitoring risk
management (1) and prevention systems, including a more
in-depth review of certain risks based on the work of the Audit
and Accounts Committee and the Environment and Society
Committee, as well as the review by the Board of a specific
risk during the end-of-year Board meeting. This risk review
includes the risks related to sustainability topics that are
material to the Group (2);
■ ensuring compliance tracking and review of the systems
implemented for the prevention and detection of corruption,
payment of bribes and influence peddling, including in
particular training programs and their rollout, based on the
work of the Audit and Accounts Committee (3);
■ reviewing the main transactions (acquisitions, divestitures,
investments) and reviewing the portfolio of opportunities, by
examining the material sustainability matters relating to the
transactions in question (4); in particular in 2025, the decision
to acquire DIG, a major player in industrial gases in South
Korea, in August 2025;
■ reviewing, at the Board meeting in February, the results
obtained in the implementation of the ADVANCE multi-year
strategic plan defining the Group’s major strategic orientations
for 2025 and reviewing the results obtained on all financial and
extra-financial indicators, including the monitoring of the
Group’s CO2 trajectory and the impact of the actions taken to
achieve the objectives (decarbonization, investments related
to the energy transition) and societal objectives (5);
■ working on setting the Group’s objectives and strategic
orientations, both financial and extra-financial (6);
■ monitoring the development of artificial intelligence in the
Group and its economic, organizational and human aspects;
■ monitoring issues related to the geopolitical context and
analyzing the resulting risks and opportunities;
■ reviewing material sustainability topics/IROs in the context of
the reporting of the Environment and Society Committee,
which monitors the IROs as part of its missions, and of the
Joint session between the Audit Committee and the
Environment and Society Committee (see work of the
Committees concerned) (in 2025, five meetings of the
Committee, the Joint session and the Board) (7) (8); as part of
the reports on the work of the Environment and Society
Committee concerning the Vigilance Plan, the review of the
implementation of due diligence (9);

(1)

(2)
(3)
(4)

(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
(9)
(10)

116

■ approving the Vigilance Plan and its changes in 2025,
monitoring of key indicators for all issues (human rights and
fundamental freedoms, health and safety, environment), most of
which are related to the Group’s material sustainability topics,
and the review of progress made on basis for the work of the
Ethics and Compliance Committee and the recommendation of
the Environment and Society Committee (10).

10.2. GOVERNANCE/REMUNERATION
Maintenance of a separated governance
structure
On the recommendation of the Appointments and Governance
Committee, the Board of Directors, at its meeting on February 19,
2026, indicated its intention to maintain the separated governance
structure and to renew Mr. François Jackow as Chief Executive
Officer and Mr. Benoît Potier as Chairman of the Board of
Directors. The Board also wished to maintain the duties of the Lead
Director. (See details in Section 2 “Governance structure:
separation of the roles of Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer” on page 101). This decision in principle will
be confirmed at the close of the General Meeting of May 5, 2026.

Composition of the Board and Committees
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the
Appointments and Governance Committee:
■ proposed to the General Meeting of May 6, 2025, the renewal
of the terms of office as Directors of Messrs. Xavier Huillard,
Aiman Ezzat, and Bertrand Dumazy, which were due to expire,
and modified the composition of the Remuneration Committee
and the Environment and Society Committee (see details in
the section “Composition of the Board of Directors” – page 103
of this Document);
■ proposed, for 2026, as part of the work carried out in
preparation for the General Meeting of May 5, the renewal of
the terms of office of Messrs. Benoît Potier and François
Jackow, and Ms. Annette Winkler, expiring at the close of this
Meeting (see individual Director sheets – pages 126, 127 and
129, and the resolutions proposed to the Meeting, Chapter 6 –
pages 388 and 389 of this Document).

Evaluation
Details of the Board’s work relating to the comprehensive
evaluation of the functioning of the Board of Directors and its
Committees are presented in section 8. “Evaluation of the Board
of Directors” – page 114 of this Universal Registration Document.

The main features of the internal control and risk management procedures implemented by the Company and relating to the processing of accounting and
financial information (French Commercial Code, article L. 22-10-10 7°) are presented in Chapter 2, section3 Internal Control and 4 Financial and Accounting
Information (pages 85 and 86).
ESRS 2 GOV-2 § 26 (b).
ESRS G1-3 § 18 (c).
ESRS 2 GOV-2 § 26 (b) (with regard to transactions reviewed in 2025, the Board continued to examine in particular the challenges related to the climate transition:
ELYgator project for the construction of an electrolyzer producing renewable and low-carbon hydrogen on a large scale in the Netherlands major renewable
energy supply contracts, issuance of a 500 million euro green bond, intended in particular to finance and refinance projects related to the energy transition).
ESRS 2 GOV-2 § 26 (a) and (b).
ESRS 2 GOV-1 § 22 (d).
ESRS 2 GOV-1 § 22 (d).
ESRS 2 GOV-1 § 22 (a).
ESRS 2 GOV-2 § 26 (a).
ESRS 2 GOV-1 § 22 (d).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

Independence

10.3. HUMAN RESOURCES/STAKEHOLDERS

The work of the Board of Directors concerning the assessment of
the independence of the members of the Board of Directors is
detailed in section 3.2 “Independence of Board members” – pages
106 et seq. of this Universal Registration Document.

Human Resources

Remuneration
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the
Remuneration Committee:
■ assessed the performance of the Executive Officer in respect
of the 2025 fiscal year and determined the amount of his
remuneration in respect of said fiscal year;
■ reviewed the satisfaction of the performance conditions in the
2023 LTI plans, for which the three-year review period expired
on December 31, 2025;
■ set the formula for the distribution of Directors’ remuneration
for 2025, within the budget of 1.5 million euros per fiscal year
authorized by the General Meeting of April 30, 2024);
■ took note of the work of the Remuneration Committee and
determined the remuneration policy for corporate officers
(Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors
and Directors), which will be submitted, in separate
resolutions, for the approval of Shareholders at the General
Meeting of May 5, 2026 (see details in the section on
remuneration – pages 172 et seq.).
■ decided to grant performance shares to employees and to the
Executive Officer in application of the remuneration policy.

■ Implementation of the bi-annual consultation procedure of the
Social and Economic Committee on the Company’s strategic
orientations;
■ Implementation of the Rixain law within the governing bodies.

Stakeholders (1)
In 2025, the Board examined the following points:
■ 2024 report on gender equality within the Company;
■ review of the gender pay gap assessment system provided
for by the law of September 5, 2018;
■ review of the social report and update on labor relations;
■ Consultation of the Social
on strategic orientations;

and

Economic

Committee

■ review of the results of the annual employee survey (My Voice).
In this context, the Board of Directors is informed of the views and
interests of employees.
In addition, the Directors representing the employees and the
representative of the Social and Economic Committee (SEC) who
sit on the Board take part in the discussions and share the
employees’ vision. These discussions also make it possible to
take into account the interests of the Company’s employees in
decisions relating to the business and strategy.

11. The Committees of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors has set up four Board Committees: the
Audit and Accounts Committee, the Appointments and
Governance Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
Environment and Society Committee.

11.1. THE AUDIT AND ACCOUNTS
COMMITTEE
4 MEETINGS IN 2025

3

100% ATTENDANCE

MEMBERS

100%
INDEPENDENCE

Members as at 12/31/2025

Individual attendance rate in 2025

Catherine Guillouard
(Chairwoman)

100%

Aiman Ezzat

100%

Bertrand Dumazy

100%

The members of the Audit and Accounts Committee have the
necessary financial skills to perform their duties due to their
expertise in this area and their professional experience:

(1)

■ Chairwoman of the Committee since May 3, 2023,
Ms Catherine Guillouard brings her solid financial expertise
acquired throughout her career in the public sector and as
Chief Financial Officer in large international groups. She also
brings her knowledge of sustainability issues, in particular on
the subject of decarbonization;
■ Mr Aiman Ezzat has held various management positions within
Capgemini’s financial services, followed by Group Chief
Financial Officer, before being appointed Chief Executive
Officer. In addition to his financial expertise, he also has
extensive expertise in the fields of digital and cybersecurity, as
well as the sustainable transformation of companies;
■ Chairman and CEO of Edenred, Mr Bertrand Dumazy has
extensive knowledge of digital and cybersecurity, as well as
solid financial skills acquired in particular within an investment
fund and as Chief Financial Officer in an international group.
The skills of the members are shown in the skills matrix – page 104,
and in the Directors’ individual biographies – pages 126 to 139.

ESRS 2-SBM-2 § 45 (d).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

117

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

Composition and tasks as defined by the internal regulations
The Committee comprises three to five members of the Board of Directors and at least two-thirds of its members must be independent.
The tasks of the Audit and Accounts Committee as defined by the Board of Directors in the internal regulations are set forth below:

TASKS
“The purpose of the Committee is to prepare the decisions to be taken by the Board of Directors by examining the following issues and
reporting on them to the Board:
By receiving reports jointly and separately from:
■ the Finance & Management Control and Legal Divisions
■ the Group control and Compliance Division
■ the external auditors
By comparing and combining the points of view collected and using its business judgment based on its members’ professional
experience, and by exercising reasonable judgment,
the Committee:
1. Monitors the financial information preparation process and, if applicable, makes recommendations to ensure the integrity of that
process, examines the financial statements (their conformity in relation to the reference standards, a fair and complete reflection of the
Group’s situation, transparency and readability), and reviews the accounting methods used (their relevance and continuity, in
particular for processing significant operations).
The Committee receives the additional report of the Statutory Auditors in accordance with the provisions of article 11 of Regulation
(EU) No. 537/2014 of April 16, 2014 and discusses with them the essential questions resulting from the statutory audit of the financial
statements which are set out in the additional report.
2. Verifies the existence and the functioning of control organizations and control procedures adapted to the Group, making it possible to
identify and manage the risks incurred, including sustainability risks, relying upon the work of the Environment and Society
Committee.
3. Monitors the organization of the internal audit function, the plans for assignments and actions in the internal audit field, the findings of
these assignments and actions and the recommendations and ensuing measures taken.
4. Monitors the sustainability information preparation process, including the double materiality review process implemented in order to
determine the information to be published in accordance with the applicable sustainability reporting standards. Where applicable, the
Committee makes recommendations in order to ensure the integrity of these processes (1).
5. With regard to the Statutory Auditors and the sustainability auditors:
– Proposes to the Board of Directors, after a tender procedure, if applicable, the renewal or appointment of Statutory Auditors and
sustainability auditors, reviews the proposed fees, is informed of the total fees received with an indication of the fees received for
assignments outside the scope of the statutory audit.
– Monitors the performance of tasks concerning the certification of the financial statements and the sustainability information
– Ensures compliance with the conditions of independence of the Statutory Auditors and the sustainability auditors defined by the
applicable regulations and examines with the Statutory Auditors and the sustainability auditors the risks with regard to their
independence, if applicable, and the safeguard measures taken to attenuate these risks.
– Regularly hears the Statutory Auditors and the sustainability auditors, including outside the presence of the Company’s
representatives.
– Approves the provision by the Statutory Auditors or the members of their network, of services other than the certification of the
financial statements; approves the provision by the sustainability auditors or the members of their network, of services other than
the certification of the sustainability information.
The Committee collects the observations of the Management on these various issues. It hears the Chief Executive Officer or the Senior
Executive Vice Presidents at the Committee’s request or at the request of the persons concerned.
The Committee reports to the Board of Directors on its work, informing it of any problems that may be encountered, observations made to
the Executive Management and progress made in relation to these observations.”
The Committee meets, in principle, four times a year, and always
before the Board meetings during which the annual or interim
financial statements are reviewed.
An initial oral report is given to the Board by the Committee
Chairwoman. Written minutes of the meeting are transmitted to
the Directors. The Committee may ask to convene Group
employees. It may meet with the Statutory Auditors or members

(1)

118

of the Group Internal Control Department in person. It may call
on external experts for assistance.
The Chief Executive Officer does not attend meetings of the Audit
and Accounts Committee. He may, however, be invited by the
Committee Chairwoman occasionally to discuss specific matters.

ESRS GOV-1 §22 (b).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

The Audit and Accounts Committee’s work
in 2025
■ As part of the work carried out on the review of the financial
statements and, more generally, the financial position of the
Company and the Group and performance:
– the Committee reviewed the annual and interim
Consolidated Financial Statements and the annual
Company financial statements; it took due note of the
Company’s financial position, cash flow position and
significant off-balance sheet commitments. During the
presentation by the Group Chief Financial Officer, the
Committee more particularly analyzed the financial
statements (income statement, balance sheet, cash flow),
the provisions, the “Other operating income and expenses”
items, taxation, the risk exposure (including societal and
environmental risks), in addition to the outlook and
accounting options selected. It reviewed the draft
presentations on the Financial Statements for analysts. The
Committee also ensured in particular that the specific
climate risks were taken into account when preparing
Financial Statements. The Committee also reviewed the
procedures relating to the preparation and processing of
the Group’s extra-financial information,
– the Committee analyzed the performance, monitored
efficiency programs, the Group’s financing policy, debt and
liquidity management, and investment and divestiture
decisions;
■ With regard to the Statutory Auditors, the Committee:
– heard the presentations of the Statutory Auditors
underlining the key points of the results and took note of
their conclusions,
– at the beginning of the year, reviewed the amount of fees
paid to the Statutory Auditors in respect of the previous
fiscal year,
– was also informed of the non-audit services which were
approved in 2025 within the scope of the approval
procedure for the Group’s non-audit services, which was
validated by the Board of Directors,
– took due note of the contents of the three draft reports
issued by the Statutory Auditors, pursuant to the provisions
of European Regulation No. 537/2014. The Reports on the
statutory accounts and the Consolidated Financial
Statements include a description of the principal audit
topics and are included in the Universal Registration
Document while the third, more detailed report, is intended
for the Audit Committee only;
■ With regard to risks, the Committee:
– monitored the management of the risks identified by the
Group as part of the monitoring methodology for each type of
risk (including the identification of management and control
bodies and procedures) and was informed of the appropriate
review schedule (annual review or at regular intervals,
depending on the type). The Committee heard regular
reports on the main assignments carried out by the Group
Control and Compliance Department, the corrective actions
taken, as well as the Control and Compliance Department’s
main assignments for the forthcoming fiscal year. The
Committee also regularly monitored the process for the
rollout of the risk management procedure within the Group,

(1)
(2)

– examined the Group’s risk mapping and any changes and
ensured, at year-end, that all of the risks identified on the
risk map and subject to regular review had been examined
by the Audit Committee according to the frequency
specified. The work program prepared for the 2026 fiscal
year is consistent with this approach. It was presented to
the Board for discussion. In addition, the Committee
discussed topics specifically presented at the Board of
Directors’ meeting,
– reviewed, notably, in the context of the presentations made
to it, the risks related in particular to the progress of digital
protection actions, including concerning industrial
information systems, and cybersecurity (during the
presentations made to the Committee on this point, all the
required information on the procedures and protective
measures implemented within the Group are provided, as
well as concerning the management of cyber crises),
– reviewed the information provided in the Universal
Registration Document concerning the internal control and
risk management procedures and recommended its
approval by the Board of Directors;
■ With regard to the obligations related to the CSRD (Corporate
Sustainability Reporting Directive), as part of its new missions
the Committee monitored the process of preparing
sustainability information, including the double materiality
assessment process, during the joint session with the
Environment and Society Committee for the publication of the
Sustainability Statement. The Committee also reviewed the
risk assessment and internal control procedures relating to
sustainability reporting (see details – Chapter 5, paragraph 1.3
“Risk Management and Internal Control”, 1.3.2 “Internal
Control of the sustainability reporting process”) (1);
■ The Committee ensured compliance with the regulations on
ethics and the prevention of corruption and influence peddling,
notably in the context of the review of the procedures in force
within the Group and the monitoring of the actions required by
the Sapin 2 Law. The Committee also ensured compliance
with competition rules (2);
■ The Audit and Accounts Committee also reviewed the
conclusions for 2025 of the application of the assessment
procedure for ordinary agreements entered into on arm’s
length terms. It should be noted that, pursuant to the PACTE
Law, this procedure provides a methodology for regularly
assessing whether the agreements involving L’Air Liquide S.A.
that are not qualified as regulated agreements meet or
continue to meet the conditions for ordinary agreements
entered into on arm’s length terms. Application of this
procedure during the past fiscal year did not give rise to any
reclassification of an ordinary agreement entered into on arm’s
length terms as a regulated agreement;
The Committee also reviews on a regular basis the Group’s
activities relating to advocacy and lobbying and reports on them to
the Board of Directors.

ESRS 2 GOV-5 § 36 (e).
ESRS G1 GOV-1 § 5 (a).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

119

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

Several days prior to each meeting, a file of meeting
documentation, available in electronic form, is provided to
Committee members on a dedicated platform. Each Committee
meeting is preceded by a preparatory meeting attended by the
Committee Chairwoman, assisted by the Committee Secretary,
the Group Chief Financial Officer and the Group Control and
Compliance Director (who also supervises internal audit). In order
to prepare the meetings where financial statements are reviewed,
the Committee Chairwoman meets with the Statutory Auditors,
without the presence of the Company representatives. During the
meeting, each presentation made by the Group Chief Financial
Officer, the Director of General Control, the senior executive
specializing in the issue dealt with, the Statutory Auditors or the
Statutory Auditors in charge of certifying the sustainability
information, where applicable, gives rise to a debate.

This joint session allows for good interaction and discussion
between the members of the two Committees on relevant
subjects, in particular sustainability risks. The Audit Committee
shall review the Group’s risks and related control procedures,
including sustainability risks, which are examined in detail by the
Environment and Society Committee.

An oral and then written report of each meeting is prepared for
the Board of Directors (1).

The joint session also helps ensure a consistent approach, as
reflected in the reconciliation of the financial and extra-financial
data in the Management Report. It enables the two Committees,
in the context of CSRD-related obligations, to share the
conclusions of their respective missions and finally to hear the
reports of the sustainability auditors in charge of certifying
sustainability information.

The Committee Chairwoman receives summaries of significant
internal audit reports.

It is in this context that the Audit and Environment and Society
Committees held two joint sessions in 2025.

In addition, after presentation meetings for the accounts for the
fiscal year, the Committee members can meet alone with the
Statutory Auditors, without the presence of the Company
representatives.

At the joint sessions in February and November 2025, the
members of the Audit and Accounts Committee and the
Environment and Society Committee, in the presence of the
Group Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and the Group General
Secretary, supervising in particular Group Control (including
internal audit) and Sustainable Development, carried out the
following:

As recommended in the AFEP/MEDEF Corporate Governance
Code, the following measures are taken so that the time during
which the financial statements are available to be reviewed is
sufficient: preparatory meeting with the Committee Chairwoman
more than one week prior to the meeting, as provided for above;
files made available to Committee members five to seven days
in advance. These measures enable the members to review the
financial statements well in advance of the meeting. When
compatible with the schedules of the members traveling from
abroad, the Committee meetings relating to the financial
statements are held the day before the Board meeting.

Joint session of the Audit and Accounts
Committee/Environment and Society
Committee
The internal regulations of the Board of Directors provide:
“The members of the Environment and Society Committee and
the members of the Audit and Accounts Committee shall meet at a
joint session at least once a year. At this session, the members of
the two Committees shall, in particular:
■ review a summary of the sustainability risks examined over the
course of the year by the Environment and Society Committee;

■ review of the summary of sustainability risks, examined during
the year by the Environment and Society Committee and the
mapping of sustainability risks (3);
■ in-depth review of certain specific environmental and societal
risks, such as road safety and related control procedures;
■ review of the 2024 CSRD Sustainability Statement and its
preparation process;
■ examination of the conclusions of the sustainability auditors on
the CSRD reporting process (at a Committee meeting in the
presence of the sustainability auditors) (4);
■ monitoring the preparation of the CSRD 2025 Sustainability
Statement (including the new requirements for 2025).

11.2. THE APPOINTMENTS
AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE

3 MEETINGS IN 2025
100% ATTENDANCE

3
MEMBERS

100%
INDEPENDENCE

■ review the sustainability risk-mapping;

Members as at 12/31/2025

Individual attendance rate in 2025

■ jointly review certain specific sustainability risks and the
associated control procedures;

Xavier Huillard (Chairman)

100%

Annette Winkler

100%

Bertrand Dumazy

100%

■ discuss the work and conclusions of the Audit and Accounts
Committee
concerning
the
sustainability
information
preparation process, and the certification of information by the
sustainability auditors (2).”

(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)

120

The first joint session between the Audit Committee and the
Environment and Society Committee meeting was held in June
2019. The Committee has met at least once a year since then.

ESRS G1 GOV-1 § 5 (a).
ESRS 2 GOV-1 §22 (b).
ESRS 2 GOV-2 § 26 (d).
ESRS 2 GOV-2 § 26 (a).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

Composition and tasks as defined by the internal regulations
The Appointments and Governance Committee comprises three to five members of the Board of Directors and the majority of its members
must be independent, according to the assessment made by the Board. The Chairman of the Board of Directors participates in the work
and attends Committee meetings. The Chief Executive Officer is involved in the Committee’s work. However, they do not attend the
deliberations made by this Committee with regard to their own personal cases. In principle, the Committee meets three times a year.

TASKS
Pursuant to the internal regulations, the tasks of the Appointments and Governance Committee are as follows:
“1. Concerning the Board of Directors:
– make proposals to the Board of Directors for renewal and appointment of Directors. This Committee looks for new members on the
basis of its evaluation of the needs and developments expressed by the Board of Directors, and taking into consideration, in
particular, the principle of attempting to achieve a balanced composition of the Board of Directors pursuant to the diversity policy
described in article III of these internal regulations. The Committee, as part of the procedure that it has organized, selects future
independent directors and carries out its own research into potential candidates before approaching them. The main steps
included in this procedure are (i) the definition of the profile(s) sought, (ii) the search conducted by the Committee, with assistance
from an external recruitment firm, if applicable, (iii) the review of the candidates and (iv) the final selection, notably after individual
meetings with the Committee Chair and each member.
– make proposals to the Board of Directors for the creation and composition of Board Committees.
– periodically evaluate the structure, size and composition of the Board of Directors and submit to it recommendations regarding any
potential change.
– the Committee periodically reviews the criteria applied by the Board to classify a Director as independent; once a year, it examines,
on a case-by-case basis, the situation of each Director or each candidate for the duties of Director in light of the criteria applied
and makes proposals to the Board of Directors.
2. Concerning the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer (or the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, as the case may be):
– examine, as necessary and, in particular at the time of expiry of the term of office concerned, the renewal of the terms of office of
the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer (or the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, as the case
may be).
– examine the changes in these duties and provide for solutions for their renewal, where applicable.
– examine the succession plan for members of the Company Officers applicable in particular in the case of an unforeseen vacancy.
– examine periodically developments with regard to the Senior Executive Vice Presidents, hear the Chief Executive Officer (or the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be) on the needs and the potential proposals for their replacement.
– more generally, ensure that it is kept informed by the Chief Executive Officer (or the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, as the
case may be) of planned changes in Executive Management resources (and, in particular, the Executive Committee).
3. Concerning governance:
– examine, at the time of renewal of the terms of office of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer (or
the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be) or when a request in that respect is made by Directors, notably
within the framework of the evaluation of the Board, whether it is appropriate to continue to combine or separate these roles;
– monitor the changes in the rules of Corporate Governance, in particular within the scope of the Code to which the Company refers
and inform the Board of Directors of its conclusions; follow up on the application of the rules of Corporate Governance defined by
the Board of Directors and make sure of the information given to the shareholders on this topic;
– prepare the evaluation of the way the Board operates provided for by the internal regulations;
– examine issues of ethics that the Audit and Accounts Committee, the Board of Directors or its Chairman may decide to refer to it;
– ensure the proper functioning of the governance bodies and in particular the transmission of information requested by independent
Directors;
– assist, at their request, the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer in their dealings with independent
Directors, and be the instrument of dialogue aimed at preventing potential situations of conflict on the Board.”
The Committee can request the assistance of outside experts if
necessary. The Company shall provide the Committee in such a
case with the corresponding funding.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The conclusions of Committee meetings are presented by the
Committee Chair for discussion and decision-making at the next
Board of Directors’ meeting.

AIR LIQUIDE

121

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

The Appointments and Governance
Committee’s work in 2025
Succession plans – Governance
The Committee establishes and updates a succession plan for the
Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board of
Directors. As part of its annual review, the Committee, chaired by
the independent Lead Director, examines the development of the
executive teams and reviews the profiles of the Group’s talents
and their achievements and performance over the past fiscal year.
The Chief Executive Officer is involved in this review.
During this session, the Committee also examines the specific
procedure and the scenario envisaged in the event of an
emergency replacement of the Chairman of the Board of Directors
and the Chief Executive Officer. The Committee in 2025 also
conducted this review.
In 2025, concerning succession plans and the choice of
governance structure, in the context of the expiry of the executive
corporate officers' terms of office at the close of the General
Meeting of shareholders in May 2026, the Committee’s work has
intensified. On the basis of this work, the Committee concluded
with a recommendation to the Board to maintain the current
governance structure and to renew Mr. François Jackow as Chief
Executive Officer and Mr. Benoît Potier as Chairman of the Board
of Directors. The Committee also recommended proposing the
renewal of their terms of office as Directors to the General
Meeting. Furthermore, in line with a managerial transition that is
already well underway, the Committee recommended adapting
the specific missions that had been assigned to the Chairman of
the Board of Directors in 2022. Finally, the Committee
recommended maintaining the duties of Lead Director entrusted
to Mr. Xavier Huillard, an independent Director (on the Board’s
decisions regarding governance, see section 2, page 101).
Composition of the Board of Directors and Committees
The Committee conducts an annual review of the compliance of
the Board of Directors’ composition with the rules provided for in
the Internal Regulations. The Committee considers the Board's
needs in terms of skills, including with regard to various
sustainability matters. It makes recommendations on the desirable
prospects for the evolution of the Board of Directors’ composition
in the short and medium term. Thus, in 2025:
■ the Committee recommended that the Board propose to the
General Meeting of May 6, 2025, the renewal of the terms of
office as Directors of Messrs. Xavier Huillard, Aiman Ezzat,
and Bertrand Dumazy, which were due to expire;
■ the Committee’s work led the Board to modify the composition
of the Committees by appointing Mr. Alexis Perakis-Valat as
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee (succeeding Mr.
Xavier Huillard), Ms. Christina Law as a member of the
Remuneration Committee and the Environment and Society
Committee, and Mr. Michael H. Thaman as a member of the
Environment and Society Committee. The Committee
recommended that the Board amend the Internal Regulations
following the increase in the number of members of the
Environment and Society Committee;
■ the Committee, considering that the profiles and skills present
on the Board of Directors (reflected in the matrix presenting
the individual skills of the members – see page 104) were
adapted to the Group’s stakes, did not conduct a search for
new candidates. The Committee recommended the renewal of

122

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Ms. Annette Winkler’s term of office as Director, notably taking
into account her active involvement in the activities of the
Board and of the Committees of which she is a member (on
the proposal to renew Ms. Annette Winkler’s term of office, see
also Chapter 6, pages 388 and 389).
As part of its other duties, in 2025, the Committee:
■ debated, as part of the review of the independence of
Directors, the personal situation of each member of the Board
of Directors with regard to the independence criteria defined in
the Internal Regulations and the AFEP/MEDEF Code. In
particular, the Committee conducted a review related to (i) the
criterion of a term of office as director within the company
exceeding 12 years, and recommended that Ms. Annette
Winkler no longer be qualified as an independent Director as
of the General Meeting of May 2026 and, (ii) the existing
business relationships between the Group and the relevant
groups with regard to each Director. In accordance with the
provisions of the AFEP/MEDEF Code, a table showing the
situation of each Director with regard to each independence
criterion is provided on page 108;
■ reviewed the recommendations of the Report of the High
Committee on Corporate Governance (Haut Comité de
gouvernement d’entreprise) and the AMF Annual Report on
Corporate Governance, published at the end of 2025, and
made recommendations regarding the practices followed by
the Company. It examined potential deviations of the Group's
practices from the AFEP/MEDEF Code (see table on
page 125) and has not noted any;
■ conducted the selection process for the independent external
service provider to perform the full assessment of the Board at
the end of 2025. The Committee took note of the practical
arrangements for implementing this assessment, including in
particular the organization of individual interviews with each
Director. For more details on the Board of Directors’
assessment, see page 114;
■ reviewed the business continuity plan aimed at providing a
replacement in the event of any of the participants being
unable to attend the General Meeting;
■ reviewed the draft of this section of the Universal Registration
Document, incorporating part of the Report on Corporate
Governance and the Sustainability Statement, and
recommended its adoption by the Board of Directors.

11.3. THE REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
3 MEETINGS IN 2025
100% ATTENDANCE

4 MEMBERS
including 1
Director
representing
the employees

100%
INDEPENDENCE (a)

Members as at 12/31/2025

Individual attendance rate in 2025

Alexis Perakis-Valat
(Chairman)

100%

Kim Ann Mink

100%

Fatima Tighlaline

(Director representing
the employees)

100%

Christina Law

100%

(a) The Director representing the employees is not taken into account
for the calculation of this percentage.

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

Composition and tasks as defined by the internal regulations
The Remuneration Committee comprises three to five members of the Board of Directors and the majority of its members must be
independent. The Chairman of the Board of Directors (or the Chairman and CEO, as the case may be) participates in the work and
attends the Committee’s meetings. The Chief Executive Officer is involved in the Committee’s work, particularly when the latter is
informed of the remuneration policy for the main non-corporate officers. However, the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief
Executive Officer do not attend the deliberations of this Committee relating to their personal cases. In principle, the Committee meets
three times a year.

TASKS
Pursuant to the internal regulations, the tasks of the Remuneration Committee are as follows:
■ “Examine the performance and all the components of remuneration for the Corporate Officers and make the corresponding
recommendations to the Board of Directors (including, in particular, with regard to the determination of the remuneration policy and its
application).
■ Propose, where applicable, the remuneration of the Vice Chairman or Vice Chairmen.
■ Examine the remuneration and retirement policy applied to Executive Management and in particular to Executive Committee.
■ Examine the proposals by the Executive Management concerning the granting of stock options, performance shares, and other
incentive systems related to the share price to other Group employees and propose their granting to the Board of Directors.
■ Examine and propose to the Board of Directors the allocation of the fixed annual sum awarded to the Directors set by the General
Meeting, in compliance with the legislation relating to the remuneration policy for the corporate officers.
The Committee can request the assistance of outside experts if necessary. The Company shall provide the Committee in such a case
with the corresponding funding.”
The conclusions of the Remuneration Committee meetings are
presented by the Committee Chair for discussion and
decision-making at the next Board of Directors’ meeting.

The Remuneration Committee’s work in 2025
Executive remuneration/long-term
remuneration components
■ Assessment in February 2025 of the performance of the Chief
Executive Officer (for the period from January 1 to
December 31, 2024) as well as the level of achievement of the
targets for the variable portion of his remuneration for the 2024
fiscal year and formulation of recommendations to the Board.
■ Review of the draft reports and resolutions submitted to the
General Meeting of May 6, 2025, concerning the remuneration of
the corporate officers (a report containing information on the
remuneration of the Company Officers and the Directors and
provided for in article L. 22-10-9 I of the French Commercial Code)
and the Executive Officers’ individual remuneration for 2024.
■ Work related to the allocation of performance shares for 2025,
in which the Chief Executive Officer was involved concerning
the allocation to Group employees (including the Executive
Committee).
■ Analysis of the 2025 performance related to the short- and
long-term remuneration of the Executive Committee, based on
the detailed presentation of the Chief Executive Officer.
■ Review in February 2026 of the satisfaction of the performance
conditions in the 2023 LTI plans, for which the three-year
review period expired on December 31, 2025.
■ Review and recommendations to the Board regarding the
remuneration policy for corporate officers to be submitted to
the General Meeting of May 5, 2026.
■ Review and recommendations to the Board concerning the
performance conditions applicable to the 2026 LTI plan
(adopted by the Board of Directors in February 2026),

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

including performance criteria similar to those defined for the
2025 LTI plans, linked to ROCE, TSR and the climate
objectives. This plan has a three-year vesting period, with no
holding period.
■ Review of the shareholding rules which apply to the Company
Officers.
■ Preparation of the assessment by the Board of Directors of
February 2026 of the level of achievement in 2025 of the
performance conditions of the short-term variable
remuneration and the pension insurance contract of the Chief
Executive Officer.
■ Review of the calculation of the remuneration ratios presented
in the Universal Registration Document.

Remuneration of the Directors
■ Recommendations to the Board concerning the remuneration
policy for Directors presented to the General Meeting of May 6,
2025 and, following the approval of this policy by the General
Meeting, recommendation to the Board relating to the formula for
distributing the remuneration of Directors (see pages 160 to 161).

Corporate Governance
As part of its work, the Remuneration Committee takes into
account the main Shareholders interviews conducted as part of
General Meeting preparations and the results of the votes of the
previous General Meeting on resolutions relating to remuneration.
It analyzes the reports published by the HCGE and AMF and
takes their recommendations into account when drawing up the
remuneration policy.
The Committee looked at the measures on transparency and
communication and issued its recommendations. It reviewed the
section below on remuneration, enclosed in the Report on
Corporate Governance, and recommended their approval by the
Board of Directors.

AIR LIQUIDE

123

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

11.4. THE ENVIRONMENT
AND SOCIETY COMMITTEE
3 MEETINGS
100% ATTENDANCE

5 MEMBERS
including 1
Director
representing
the employees

It can request the assistance of outside experts if necessary. The
Company shall provide the Committee in such a case with the
corresponding funding.

100%
INDEPENDENCE (a)

Members as at 12/31/2025

Individual attendance rate in 2025

Annette Winkler
(Chairwoman)

100%

Philippe Dubrulle

(Director representing
the employees)

100%

Monica de Virgiliis

100%

Michael H. Thaman

100%

Christina Law

100%

(a) The Director representing the employees is not taken into account
for the calculation of this percentage.

The Environment and Society Committee, which focuses on
Corporate Social Responsibility issues, was formed on May 3, 2017.

Composition and tasks as defined
by the internal regulations
The Board of Directors’ internal regulations provide that the
Committee comprises three to five members of the Board of
Directors.

TASKS
“The tasks of this Committee are as follows:
■ Examine, and make recommendations regarding the Group’s
sustainability strategy and commitments.
■ Monitor the Group’s sustainability actions and their
deployment, as well as the actions engaged by the
Foundation.
■ Examine the sustainability risks in liaison with the Audit and
Accounts Committee.
■ Monitor the Group’s material sustainability issues and the
associated sustainability Impacts, Risks and Opportunities
(IRO). (1)
■ Examine the Group’s annual consolidated sustainability
information published by the Company.
The Committee is in addition, informed of the principal aspects
of the sustainability information preparation process monitored
by the Audit and Accounts Committee.

It reports on its work to the Board of Directors (2). The conclusions
of the meetings of the Environment and Society Committee are
presented by the Chairwoman of the Committee for discussion
and, where applicable, a decision by the Board of Directors during
a meeting of the latest. The Board relies on its analyses to carry
out its mission of monitoring the sustainability IROs. (3)
In principle, the Committee meets three times a year.

The Environment and Society
Committee’s work in 2025
In accordance with its missions, the Committee carried out the
following work in 2025:
■ reviewing the rollout of the action plans associated with the
Group’s commitments in terms of sustainability and monitoring
of the progress of the various key performance indicators
associated with these commitments, in particular the indicators
related to the objectives of the Group’s ADVANCE program
(see Chapter 5, section Sustainability Statement –
paragraph 1.4.1 of this Document) (4);
■ reviewing the progress of the decarbonization plan by cluster
(group of countries) (5);
■ reviewing work to improve the accuracy of the Group’s
Scope 3 emissions;
■ monitoring the setting of objectives related to operational
topics corresponding to the material IROs and the progress
made in achieving them (6);
■ reviewing the Group’s 2024 Sustainability Statement and
preparing the 2025 Sustainability Statement, including the
Climate Transition Plan;
■ reviewing the 2024 Vigilance Plan and preparing the 2025
Vigilance Plan;
■ reviewing the auditors’ conclusions on the Sustainability
Statement (7);
■ reviewing the lessons learned from the publication of the 2024
Sustainability Statement and comparative analysis with
comparable sustainability statements (8);
■ reviewing regulatory changes to be anticipated for the
Sustainability Statement;
■ reviewing progress on water management objectives details of
which can be found in Chapter 5 (see section Sustainability
Statement – paragraph 2.3.4 of this Document (9);

■ Examine the vigilance plan and monitor its implementation
within the Group.

■ reviewing the Group’s extra-financial ratings on an annual
basis (10);

■ Make an annual review of a summary of the extra-financial
ratings made with regard to the Group.”

■ reviewing the Group’s methods for communication on
sustainability topics;

Regular reports are made to it by the member of the Executive
Committee in charge of sustainable development on the Group’s
sustainability strategy and its implementation.

■ reviewing the Group’s
sustainability topics (11);

interactions

with

investors

on

■ reviewing the mapping of sustainability risks and associated
actions to limit their occurrence or impact;
■ reviewing the Group’s interactions with Non-Governmental
Organizations (NGOs) on sustainability topics (12);

(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
(9)
(10)
(11)
(12)

124

ESRS GOV-1 §22 (a), ESRS GOV-1 §22 (b) and ESRS 2 GOV-1 § 22 (d).
ESRS 2 GOV-1 §22 (d).
ESRS 2 GOV-1 §22 (a).
ESRS 2 GOV-1 §22 (d).
ESRS 2 GOV-1 §22 (d).
ESRS 2 GOV-1 § 22 (d).
ESRS 2 GOV-2 § 26 (a).
ESRS 2 GOV-2 § 26 (a).
ESRS 2 GOV-1 §22 (d).
ESRS 2 - SBM - 2 § 45 (d).
ESRS 2 - SBM - 2 § 45 (d).
ESRS 2 - SBM - 2 § 45 (d).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Governance – Composition, functioning and work of the Board of Directors and Committees

■ reviewing the status of the pay gap between women and men
within the Group (details of which can be found in Chapter 5 section Sustainability Statement – paragraph 3.1.5 of this
Document) (1);
■ reviewing the progress made in the implementation of diversity
objectives (2);
■ reviewing adequate wage indicators (3);
■ reviewing the Group’s approach to supplier sustainability
assessment (4);
■ reviewing the lobbying activities of the Group’s Public Affairs
function (5);

Meeting documentation is prepared prior to each meeting of the
Environment and Society Committee and sent to its members
several days in advance. At the meeting, each presentation made
gives rise to discussion. An oral report (prepared by the
Committee Chairwoman) and a written report of each meeting are
prepared for the Board of Directors.
Since 2019, in the interests of smooth coordination with the work
of the Audit and Accounts Committee, the latter and the
Environment and Society Committee meet in joint session at least
once per year. See page 120 of this Document for information on
the 2025 joint sessions.

■ reviewing actions to mitigate risks related to patient health
and safety (6);
■ reviewing the actions undertaken by the Air Liquide
Foundation and the “Citizen at Work” program, the main
vectors of the Group’s societal action.

12. Application of the AFEP/MEDEF Corporate Governance
Code: summary table
L’Air Liquide S.A. applies the AFEP/MEDEF Code and regularly reviews the practices in force in the Company with regard to the
provisions of the AFEP/MEDEF Code in order to ensure compliance with it.
The Company considers that its practices comply with the recommendations of the AFEP/MEDEF Code.
AFEP/MEDEF recommendations rejected

L’Air Liquide S. A. practice and justification

None

N/A

13. “Shareholder Relations” Working Group
The “Shareholder Relations” Working Group is currently composed of two members: Mr Benoît Potier, Chairman and Mr Xavier Huillard.
During the past fiscal year, the tasks of the “Shareholder Relations” Working Group have essentially focused on the shareholder base,
Air Liquide’s relations with its Shareholders, market expectations and shareholder strategy.

14. Attendance by Shareholders at the General Meeting
Pursuant to article L. 22-10-10, 5° of the French Commercial Code, it is specified that the specific terms and conditions relating to the
attendance of Shareholders at the General Meeting are set out in articles 5 to 10, 18 and 19 of the Company’s articles of association
(see pages 406 et seq. of this Universal Registration Document).

15. Delegations of Authority granted
by the General Meeting
Pursuant to article L. 225-37-4, 3° of the French Commercial Code, it is specified that the summary table of the valid delegations of
authority granted by the General Meeting in connection with increases in the share capital is set out on page 404 of this Universal
Registration Document.

(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)

ESRS 2 - SBM - 2 § 45 (d).
ESRS 2 - SBM - 2 § 45 (d).
ESRS 2 - SBM - 2 § 45 (d).
ESRS 2 - SBM - 2 § 45 (d).
ESRS 2 - SBM - 2 § 45 (d).
ESRS 2 - SBM - 2 § 45 (d).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

125

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

INFORMATION CONCERNING MEMBERS
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND
EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT
(AS OF DECEMBER 31,2025)

Benoît POTIER ______________________________________
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Nationality: French
Born on September 3, 1957
Date of first appointment: May 2000
Start of current term: May 2022
End of current term: 2026 (a) (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2025)
Number of shares owned as of December 31, 2025: 755,009
Business address: Air Liquide – 75, quai d’Orsay – 75321 Paris Cedex 07 – France

Career ______________________________________________________________________________
A graduate of École centrale de Paris, Benoît Potier joined Air Liquide in 1981 as a Research and Development engineer. After
serving as a Project Manager in the Engineering & Construction Division, he was made Vice President of Energy Development in the
Large Industries business line. In 1993, he became Director of Strategy & Organization and, in 1994, was put in charge of the
Chemicals, Metal & Steel, Oil and Energy Markets. He was made an Executive Vice President of Air Liquide in 1995 with additional
responsibilities over the Engineering & Construction Division and the Large Industries operations in Europe. Benoît Potier was
appointed Chief Executive in 1997. He was appointed to the Board of Directors of L’Air Liquide S.A. in 2000 and became Chairman of
the Management Board in November 2001. He was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of L’Air Liquide S.A. from May 2006 to May
2022. Benoît Potier brought about an in-depth transformation of the Air Liquide Group, which more than doubled in size during his
term of office, while its capitalization was multiplied by five. He consolidated the Group’s international expansion, notably through the
acquisition and integration of Airgas in 2016, and positioned it at the heart of tomorrow’s markets – healthcare, digital and the energy
and environmental transition, including notably hydrogen. Benoît Potier has been Chairman of the Board of Directors since June 1,
2022 and, as part of his duties, supports the management transition. He represents Air Liquide within organizations that work on
subjects of particular relevance to the Group, with a focus on sustainable development and the energy transition, and more
specifically hydrogen.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired ______

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

2024

■ Chairman of the Board of Directors: L’Air Liquide S.A.*
(since June 1, 2022)

■ Member: The Hydrogen Council (from June 2022 to June 2024)

Positions or activities outside the Air Liquide Group

■ Member of the Strategic Orientation Committee:
Paris-Saclay University (until December, 2023)

■ Member of the Supervisory Board: Siemens AG*
(since January 31, 2018) – Member of the Appointments
Committee
■ Director: Unilever PLC* (since January 1, 2025) –
Member of the Audit Committee and the Corporate
Responsibility Committee
■ Co-Chair: Conseil National de l’Hydrogène
(since January 11, 2021)
■ Member: European Round Table of Industrialists (ERT)
■ Member: Asia Business Council
■ Member: Singapore International Advisory Panel on Energy
(since January 1, 2021)
■ Member of the Advisory Board: Temasek European Advisory
Panel (since January 1, 2022)
*

(a)

126

Listed company.
Renewal proposed to the Annual General Meeting of May 5, 2026.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

2023

2022
■ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: L’Air Liquide S.A.*
(until May 31, 2022)
■ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Air Liquide
International (until June 24, 2022), Air Liquide International
Corporation (ALIC) (until July 21, 2022)
■ Director: American Air Liquide Holdings, Inc.
(until June 22, 2022)
■ Director: The Hydrogen Company (until December 31, 2022)
■ Director: Air Liquide Foundation (until November 17, 2022)
■ Co-Chair: The Hydrogen Council (until June 1, 2022)

2021
■ Director: Danone* (Chair of the Engagements Committee;
member of the Governance Committee) (until April 29, 2021)

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

François JACKOW __________________________________
Director – Chief Executive Officer
Nationality: French
Born on June 12, 1969
Date of first appointment: May 2022
Start of current term: May 2022
End of current term: 2026 (a) (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2025)
Number of shares owned as of December 31, 2025: 78,505
Business address: Air Liquide – 75, quai d’Orsay – 75321 Paris Cedex 07 – France

Career _____________________________________________________________________________
François Jackow has a dual scientific and managerial education acquired in France and in the United States. A graduate from the
École normale supérieure of Paris, he also holds a Master’s degree in Chemistry from Harvard University in the United States and an
MBA from the Collège des ingénieurs. He joined the Air Liquide Group in 1993. After a very international career started in the United
States and in the Netherlands, which led him to successively hold responsibilities in sales, marketing, and engineering & construction,
François Jackow worked for two years alongside Benoît Potier, Chief Executive of the Group at that time. In 2002, he was appointed
Vice President of Innovation, supervising Research & Development activities as well as Advanced Technologies for the Group.
Starting 2007, he undertakes the responsibility of Chief Executive Officer for Air Liquide Japan, based in Tokyo, before being
appointed Group Vice President of the Large Industries Business Line in 2011. In 2014, François Jackow joined the Executive
Committee and was designated as the Group’s Strategy Vice President. In this role, he oversees the development of the NEOS
strategic plan and contributes to the Airgas acquisition in 2016. A member of the Executive Committee, François Jackow has been the
Group’s Executive Vice President supervising notably Europe Industries, Europe Healthcare as well as the Africa, Middle East & India
hubs, also in charge of the Healthcare World Business Line, the Innovation & Technologies, Digital & IT functions also reported to him,
as well as the Customer Division, which he created in 2014. François Jackow was appointed as a Director by the General Meeting of
shareholders of May 4, 2022. Since June 1, 2022, he has been Chief Executive Officer of L’Air Liquide S.A. As such, he leads in
particular the ADVANCE strategic plan that is structured around four priorities: (i) delivering a strong financial performance, (ii)
decarbonizing the planet and affirming the Group’s leading role in the decarbonization of industry and the advent of a low-carbon
society, (iii) technological innovation to open up new markets, and (iv) acting for all, by integrating the interests not only of its direct
stakeholders, but also those of society as a whole.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired ______

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

2022

■ Director: L’Air Liquide S.A.* (since May 4, 2022)

■ Executive Vice President: L’Air Liquide S.A.*
(until May 31, 2022)

■ Chief Executive Officer: L’Air Liquide S.A.*
(since June 1, 2022)
■ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Air Liquide
International (since June 24, 2022); Air Liquide International
Corporation (since July 21, 2022)

■ Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director:
Air Liquide Santé International (until October 7, 2022)

■ Director: American Air Liquide Holdings
(since June 22, 2022); The Hydrogen Company
(since June 27, 2022)
■ Director: Air Liquide Foundation

Positions or activities outside the Air Liquide Group
■ Co-chair: The Hydrogen Council – Co-chair
(since December 2025); Member (since June 2024)
■ Director: Atelier de Constructions Mécaniques de la Marne
(ACMM)

(a)

*

Renewal proposed to the Annual General Meeting of May 5, 2026.
Listed company.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

127

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

Xavier HUILLARD ___________________________________
Lead Director – Independent Director – Chairman of the Appointments
and Governance Committee
Nationality: French
Born on June 27, 1954
Date of first appointment: May 2017
Start of current term: May 2025
End of current term: 2029 (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2028)
Number of shares owned as of December 31, 2025: 3,570 and 16,280 usufruct shares
Business address: VINCI – Bâtiment JAVA – 1973 Boulevard de la Défense CS 10268 –
92757 Nanterre Cedex – France

Career ______________________________________________________________________________
Xavier Huillard is a graduate of the École polytechnique and the École nationale des ponts et chaussées. He has spent most of his
working life in the construction industry in France and abroad. He joined Sogea in December 1996 as Deputy Chief Executive Officer
in charge of international activities and specific projects, and then became its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in 1998. He was
appointed Deputy General Manager of VINCI, a world leader in concessions, energy and construction, in March 1998 and was
Chairman of VINCI Construction from 2000 to 2002. He was appointed Senior Executive Vice President of VINCI and was Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of VINCI Energies from 2002 to 2004, then Chairman of VINCI Energies from 2004 to 2005. Xavier
Huillard became Director and Chief Executive Officer of VINCI in 2006. He served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of VINCI
from May 6, 2010 to April 30, 2025. He has been appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors of VINCI since May 1, 2025. He was
Chairman of the Institut de l’Entreprise from January 2011 to January 2017, of which Xavier Huillard is today Honorary Chairman.
Through the VINCI Group’s foundations and endowment funds, in collaboration with charitable associations, Xavier Huillard also
supports projects that help to strengthen social ties and promote the return to employment of individuals suffering from exclusion.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

■ Director: Fondation d’entreprise VINCI pour la Cité
(supporting social and professional integration initiatives)
(Chairman until May 2, 2025)

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

■ Director: Kansai Airports (until June 27, 2025)

■ Director: L’Air Liquide S.A.* (since May, 2017) – Lead Director
(since May 4, 2022); member of the Remuneration Committee
(from May 2017 to May 2025) and Chairman of this Committee
(from May 2018 to May 2025); member of the Appointments
and Governance Committee (since May 2020) and Chairman
of this Committee (since May 4, 2022)

■ Honorary Chairman: Institut de l’entreprise

Positions or activities outside the Air Liquide Group

■ Director and Chairman: Pierre Lamoure Institute
(since November, 2019)

■ Chairman of the Board of Directors: VINCI* (since May 1, 2025)
■ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: VINCI*
(from May 6, 2010 to April 30, 2025)
■ Chairman of the Supervisory Board: VINCI
Deutschland GmbH (until April 30, 2025)
■ Director and Honorary Chairman: Vinci Energies (since
May 19, 2025) – (Permanent representative until May 2, 2025)
■ Director: endowment fund La Fabrique de la Cité (Permanent
representative until May 2, 2025)
■ Permanent representative of Snel on the Board of Directors
of ASF
■ Permanent representative of VINCI Autoroutes on the Board
of Directors of Cofiroute

*
N.B.:

128

■ Director: Association Aurore (public interest association
against precariousness and exclusion)
■ Director: Cobra Servicios, Comunicaciones y Energia SLU
(Spain – since December 2021 – applied industrial engineering
sector and specialized services) (until October 22, 2025)

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired ______
2024
■ Chairman: VINCI Concessions SAS (until November 7, 2024)

2020
■ Permanent representative of VINCI on the Board of Directors
of Aéroports de Paris* (member of the Remuneration,
Appointment and Governance Committee –
until December 2020)

Listed company.
For information regarding independence criteria, please refer to this Universal Registration Document – pages 106 to 108.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

Annette WINKLER ___________________________________
Independent Director – Environment and Society Committee Chairwoman –
Member of the Appointments and Governance Committee
Nationality: German
Born on September 27, 1959
Date of first appointment: May 2014
Start of current term: May 2022
End of current term: 2026 (a) (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2025)
Number of shares owned as of December 31, 2025: 3,219
Business address: Villa Kayser – Uhlbacher Strasse 7 – 70329 Stuttgart – Germany

Career ______________________________________________________________________________
Doctor in Economics from the University of Frankfurt (Germany), Annette Winkler became the Managing Shareholder of a
medium-sized construction company. In 1995, she joined the Mercedes-Benz group, where she held a variety of positions and in
particular that of Senior Director/Head Public Relations and Communications. After spending two years as Head of the MercedesBenz sales and service outlet in Braunschweig, she became Chief Executive Officer of DaimlerChrysler Belgium and Luxembourg
(1999-2005), then Vice President of Global Business Management & Wholesale Europe (2006-2010). Vice President of Daimler AG
since 2010, she was Chief Executive Officer of Smart (with overall responsibility for the brand, also in charge of the smart factory in
Lorraine), until 2018.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired _____

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

2020

■ Director: L’Air Liquide S.A.* (since May, 2014) – member
of the Remuneration Committee (from May 2015 to May 2020);
member of the Appointments and Governance Committee
(since May 2017); Chairwoman of the Environment
and Society Committee (since May 2020)

■ Member of the Counsel for Foreign Economic Affairs
of the German Ministry for Economics (until March 2020)

Positions or activities outside the Air Liquide Group
■ Director: Renault S.A.* – Chairwoman of the Strategy
and Sustainable Development Committee
(since January 2020); Renault S.A.S

(a)
Renewal proposed to the Annual General Meeting of May 5, 2026.
*
Listed company.
N.B.: For information regarding independence criteria, please refer to this Universal Registration Document – pages 106 to 108.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

129

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

Philippe DUBRULLE _________________________________
Director representing the employees – Member of the Environment
and Society Committee
Nationality: French
Born on June 23, 1972
Date of first appointment by the France Group committee: June 2014
Start of current term: May 2022
End of current term: 2026 (a) (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2025)
Business address: Air Liquide Advanced Technologies – 2, rue de Clémencière –
38360 Sassenage – France

Career ______________________________________________________________________________
An engineering graduate from École Supérieure de l’Énergie et des Matériaux, Philippe Dubrulle has held various positions as an
engineer within international companies of the aeronautical sector and as Product Manager and International Sales Manager at
European and world level within airflight companies. He joined Air Liquide Group in 2008. Based in Sassenage, he is an employee of
the subsidiary Air Liquide Advanced Technologies. After being Transformation Projects Manager of the subsidiary, he has been, since
December 1, 2023, its Director of Transformation and Sustainable Development. Philippe Dubrulle was appointed as the Director
representing the employees by the France Group committee on June 18, 2014, his office was renewed by that same committee for
the second time, at its plenary session on December 16, 2021. A Member of the French Institute of Directors, he has been a Certified
Company Director – ASC France since November 2016.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired _____

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

_

■ Director: L’ Air Liquide S.A.* – Member of the Environment
and Society Committee (since May 2017)
■ Director of Transformation and Sustainable Development:
Air Liquide Advanced Technologies

(a)

*

130

Mr. Philippe Dubrulle’s term of office will expire at the close of the General Meeting in May 2026.
Listed company.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

Kim Ann MINK _____________________________________
Independent Director – Member of the Remuneration Committee
Nationality: American
Born on December 4, 1959
Date of first appointment: May 2020
Start of current term: May 2024
End of current term: 2028 (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2027)
Number of shares owned as of December 31, 2025: 610
Business address: 36 Popjoy Lane – Glenmoore PA 19343 – United States

Career ______________________________________________________________________________
An American citizen, Kim Ann Mink holds a bachelor’s degree in Chemistry from Hamilton College and a Ph.D. in Analytical Chemistry
from Duke University, and is a graduate of the Executive Management Program at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Dr. Mink spent most of her career in leading international groups in the chemical sector, where she held increasing managerial positions
(including in particular the responsibility for the Marketing function). She joined Innophos in 2015 as President and CEO and was named
Chairman in 2017. Prior to joining Innophos, she served in senior executive positions at the Dow Chemical Company since 2009, most
recently as business president of Elastomers, Electrical and Telecommunications. She had previously served for more than 20 years at
the Rohm and Haas Company (which was acquired by Dow Chemical) where she held roles of increasing responsibility, including
corporate vice president and general manager for the Ion Exchange Resins business.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired ______

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

2020

■ Director: L’Air Liquide S.A.* (since May, 2020) – Member
of the Remuneration Committee (since September 2021)

■ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Innophos*
(until February 7, 2020)

Positions or activities outside the Air Liquide Group
■ Director: Eastman Chemical Company* (since July 2018) –
Chairwoman of the Environmental, Safety and Sustainability
Committee; Member of the Compensation and Management
Development Committee; Member of the Finance Committee;
Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee
■ Director: Avient Corp.* (formerly PolyOne Corp.*)
(since March 2017) – Chairwoman of the Innovation
and Sustainability Committee; Member
of the Compensation Committee
■ Director: Group 14 Technologies (since September 2023) –
Chairwoman of the Governance and Corporate Responsibility
Committee; Member of the Audit Committee; Member
of the Contract Approval Committee
■ Member: Board of Advisors, Raj & Kamla Gupta Governance
Institute, Drexel University LeBow College of Business
(since September 2022)

*
N.B.:

Listed company.
For information regarding independence criteria, please refer to this Universal Registration Document – pages 106 to 108.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

131

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

Fatima TIGHLALINE _________________________________
Director representing the employees –
Member of the Remuneration Committee
Nationality: French
Born on November 14, 1979
Date of the first appointment by the European Work Council: October 2020
Start of current mandate: May 2024
End of current term: 2028 (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2027)
Business address: Air Liquide – 75, quai d’Orsay – 75321 Paris Cedex 07 – France

Career _____________________________________________________________________________
With a technology degree in Business and Administrative Management from Evreux Technology University (IUT) and a degree in Modern
Languages from Paris New Sorbonne University, Fatima Tighlaline joined the Group in 2002 as a treasury accountant. She continued her
career in the Rare Gases and Helium Department, and then at Air Liquide Santé France in the Procurement Department. In March 2020,
she joined VitalAire (a subsidiary specializing in Home Healthcare services) as manager of the Île-de-France planning team. Since
January 1, 2025, she has been Program Manager Employee Citizenship at the Air Liquide Foundation. Pursuant to article L. 225-27-1-II
of the French Commercial Code and article 11 of the Company’s articles of association, Fatima Tighlaline was appointed Director
representing the employees and member of L’Air Liquide S.A.’s Board of Directors by the European Works’ Council on October 1, 2020.
Her office was renewed by that same Committee for the second time, at its plenary session in November 2023, for a new period of
four years as from the 2024 General Meeting. She has been a Certified Company Director – IFA Sciences Po since December 2021.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired ______

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

2024
■ Head of the Île-de-France respiratory planning team:
VitalAire France (until December 31, 2024)

■ Director: L’Air Liquide S.A.* – Member of the Remuneration
Committee (since May 4, 2022)
■ Program Manager Employee Citizenship: Fondation
Air Liquide (since January 1, 2025)

*

132

Listed company.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

Aiman EZZAT _______________________________________
Independent Director – Member of the Audit and Accounts Committee
Nationality: French
Born on May 22, 1961
Date of first appointment: May 2021
Start of current term: May 2025
End of current term: 2029 (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2028)
Number of shares owned as of December 31, 2025: 610
Business address: CAPGEMINI SE – 11, rue de Tilsitt – 75017 Paris – France

Career _____________________________________________________________________________
Holder of a MSc (Master of Sciences) in chemical engineering from École Supérieure de Chimie, Physique et Électronique de Lyon
(France) and an MBA from the Anderson School of Management (UCLA), Aiman Ezzat joined the Capgemini group in 1991, at Capgemini
Consulting (now Capgemini Invent) where, in particular, he held the position of Global Head of Oil & Gas and Chemicals practice.
Between 2000 and 2004, he managed the international operations of Genpact Headstrong Capital Markets, a consulting firm specializing
in the technology used in the financial services sector, with clients based in Asia, North America and Europe. He then joined Capgemini,
where he was appointed Deputy Director of Strategy in 2005, and then held several management positions: Chief Operating Officer
(2007-2008) and Chief Executive Officer, Financial Services Global Business Unit (2008-2012), Chief Financial Officer (2012-2018) and
then group Chief Operating Officer in 2018. He has been Chief Executive Officer of Capgemini, global leader in consulting, IT services
and digital transformation, expert in cybersecurity, since 2020. He manages the strategy of the Capgemini group, based on technology
and innovation, and has developed offers for corporate transformation toward sustainability, in particular in the field of energy transition.
In September 2021, he was named the “Best European CEO” for the technology and software category in the “2021 All Europe Executive
Team” Institutional Investor annual ranking.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired ______

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

2024

■ Director: L’Air Liquide S.A.* (since May, 2021) – Member
of the Audit and Accounts Committee (since May 4, 2022)

■ Chairman: Capgemini 2023, renamed BLEU SAS
(until January 10, 2024)

Positions or activities outside the Air Liquide Group

2021

■ Chief Executive Officer and Director: Capgemini SE*
(since May 2020) – Member of the Strategy and CSR
Committee

■ Chairman: Altran Technologies SAS (until June 2021)

■ President: Capgemini Service SAS (since May 2020);
Capgemini Latin America SAS (since May 2020); Sogeti
France 2005 SAS (since April 2018); Capgemini Ventures SAS
(since January 2024); Capgemini France SAS
(since November 2024); Capgemini 2024 SAS
(since November 2024)

■ Senior Executive Vice President: Capgemini SE.*
(until May 2020)

■ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Capgemini North
America, Inc. (USA – since May 2020)
■ Chief Executive Officer and Director: BGP Bravo Inc.
(USA – since November 2024)
■ Chairman of the Board of Directors: Capgemini America,
Inc. (USA – since May 2020)
■ Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Capgemini NV
(Netherlands – since November 2020)

2020

■ Director: Sogeti UK Ltd. (United Kingdom – until July 2020);
Capgemini Espana S.L. (Spain – until July 2020); Capgemini
Solutions Canada Inc. (Canada – until June 2020); Capgemini
Technologies LLC (United States – until June 2020);
Capgemini UK Plc (United Kingdom – until July 2020);
Capgemini (Hangzhou) Co. Ltd. (China – until November
2020); Restaurant Application Development International
(United States – until June 2020); Radi Holding LLC (United
States – until June 2020)
■ Member of the Supervisory Board: Sogeti Nederland BV
(Netherlands) (until November 2020)

■ Director: Purpose Global PBC (USA – since April 2020);
Capgemini International BV (Netherlands – since May 2020);
Capgemini Technology Services India Limited (India –
since January 2021); WNS (holdings) Limited (Jersey –
since October 2025)
■ Member: European Round Table of industrialists (ERT)

*
N.B.:

Listed company.
For information regarding independence criteria, please refer to this Universal Registration Document – pages 106 to 108.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

133

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

Bertrand DUMAZY __________________________________
Independent Director – Member of the Appointments and Governance
Committee – Member of the Audit and Accounts Committee
Nationality: French
Born on July 10, 1971
Date of first appointment: May 2021
Start of current term: May 2025
End of current term: 2029 (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2028)
Number of shares owned as of December 31, 2025: 790
Business address: EDENRED – 14-16, boulevard Garibaldi – 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux – France

Career ______________________________________________________________________________
Bertrand Dumazy is a graduate of ESCP Europe and holds an MBA with distinction from Harvard Business School. He started his career
in 1994 as a consultant with Bain & Company, first in Paris and later in Los Angeles. He then worked as an Investment Director of BC
Partners in 1999. In 2002, he joined the Neopost group. Initially Head of Marketing and Strategy, he was appointed Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer (CEO) of Neopost France in 2005 and then Executive Vice President, Finance for the Neopost group in 2008. In 2011,
he became President and CEO of Deutsch, a world leader in high-performance connectors, a position held until the group was acquired
by TE Connectivity. In 2012, he joined Materis as Executive Vice President then CEO and eventually President and CEO of the group,
renamed Cromology (construction specialty materials). Chairman and CEO of the Edenred group since october 2015, he has led its
digital transformation as well as the restructuring of its client offer, with a key focus on cybersecurity. His “Next Frontier” 2019-2022
strategic plan received from KPMG/EIM the top prize in the “Responsible Strategic Plan” category.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired ______

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

2021

■ Director: L’Air Liquide S.A.* (since May 2021) – Member
of the Appointments and Governance Committee
(since May 2022); Member of the Audit and Accounts
Committee (since May 2023)

■ Director: Terreal SAS – France (until April 28, 2021)

Positions or activities outside the Air Liquide Group

■ Chairman: PWCE Participations SAS – France (an Edenred
group company)

■ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Edenred SE*
(since October 2015)

■ Chairman of the Supervisory Board: Union Tank Eckstein
GmbH & Co. KG – Germany (an Edenred group company –
until April 28, 2021)

■ Director (permanent representative of Sixto): Neoen SA (1)
(until April 2025) – Chairman of the governance and CSR
Committee (until April 2025)

134

*
N.B.:

Listed company.
For information regarding independence criteria, please refer to this Universal Registration Document – pages 106 to 108.

(1)

Neoen shares were delisted in April 2025.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

Catherine GUILLOUARD _____________________________
Independent Director – Audit and Accounts Committee Chairwoman
Nationality: French
Born on January 23,1965
Date of first appointment: May 2023
Start of current term: May 2023
End of current term: 2027 (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2026)
Number of shares owned as of December 31, 2025: 550
Business address: Ingenico – 13 rue Pagès – 92150 Suresnes – France

Career ______________________________________________________________________________
Catherine Guillouard is a graduate of the Institute of Political Studies of Paris and the École Nationale d’Administration (1991/93), and
holds a PhD of European laws (Panthéon-Sorbonne). She began her career in 1993 at the Ministry of Economy in the French Treasury,
working for the department in charge of the Africa - CFA zone and later in the Banking Affairs Department. She joined Air France in 1997
as IPO Senior Project Manager. She was subsequently appointed Deputy Vice President Finance Controlling in 1999, Senior Vice
President of Flight Operations in 2001, Senior Vice President of Human Resources in 2003 and Chief Financial Officer in 2005.
In September 2007, she joined Eutelsat as Chief Financial Officer and member of the Group Executive Committee. Catherine Guillouard
joined Rexel in 2013 as Chief Financial Officer and between 2014 and 2017 she was Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Rexel. Between
2015 and 2019, she was Director and member of the Strategy, Investment and Technology Committee of Engie. Between August 2017
and September 2022, she was Chairwoman and Chief Executive Officer of RATP Group, one of the leading urban transportation
operators in the world, where she launched a major investment and transformation plan and implemented the public transportation
decarbonization plan. She was appointed as Chairwoman of Ingenico, a leading electronic payment services company, in October 2022.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year_________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired ______

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

2023

■ Director: L’Air Liquide S.A.* (since May 2023) – Chairwoman
of the Audit and Account Committee (since May 2023)

■ Member of the Supervisory Board: KPN* (from April 2020
to April 2023) – Chairwoman of the Audit Committee
and Member of the Strategy & Organization Committee

Positions or activities outside the Air Liquide Group
■ Director: Airbus SE* (since April 2016) – Member
of the Audit Committee; Member of the Ethics, Compliance
& Sustainability Committee

2022

■ Director: Lottomatica* (since October 2022) –
Member of the ESG Committee (since May 2023)
and Member of the Audit and Risk Committee
(since December 2024)

■ Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board: RATP DEV
(from 2017 to September 2022)

■ Chairwoman: Ingenico (since October 2022)

■ Vice-Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board: SYSTRA
(from 2017 to 2021)

■ Director: Easy Park Group AS (since November 2024)

*
N.B.:

■ Chairwoman and CEO: RATP
(from August 2017 to September 2022)

2021

Listed company.
For information regarding independence criteria, please refer to this Universal Registration Document – pages 106 to 108.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

135

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

Christina LAW ______________________________________
Independent Director – Member of the Remuneration Committee –
Member of the Environment and Society Committee
Nationality: Chinese (Hong Kong)
Born on January 17, 1967
Date of first appointment: May 2023
Start of current term: May 2023
End of current term: 2027 (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2026)
Number of shares owned as of December 31, 2025: 550
Business address: 43 Holland Park, Singapore 249487

Career ______________________________________________________________________________
Christina Law is a graduate of University of Hong Kong with a Bachelor in Social Science, Major in Economics and Political Sciences,
and holds a Master of Business Administration from INSEAD. She started her career in 1988 at Shell Hong Kong as an Oil Analyst
before being promoted as Manager in the Chemical Division. After completing her Master degree in France, she joined Procter
& Gamble where she held various marketing leadership positions first in Switzerland then in Singapore as Marketing Director
responsible for the Asia Pacific region. In 2005, she joined Johnson & Johnson, the world’s largest and most broadly based healthcare
company. Based in Singapore, she held a number of senior executive positions, including Regional Director of Baby Care, Country
Manager of Singapore, Vice President Beauty Care Asia Pacific and later as Vice President Neutrogena Worldwide. From 2012 to
2019, she worked in General Mills Inc, a leading global manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer foods, first as Region
President for Asia, Middle East, Africa and subsequently as Group President leading all of Asia and Latin America region. Since 2019,
she has been CEO of Raintree Group of Companies. From March 2022 to November 2025, Christina Law served as a Board Director
of Novo Nordisk, a global healthcare company leading in developing medicines against diabetes and other serious chronic diseases.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired ______

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

2024

■ Director: L’Air Liquide S.A.* (since May 2023) –
Member of the Remuneration Committee and Member
of the Environment and Society Committee (since May 2025)

■ Director: INSEAD Business School (from 2015 to 2024) –
Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Positions or activities outside the Air Liquide Group
■ Director: Novo Nordisk* (from March 2022 to November 2025)
– Member of the Audit Committee (from March 2022
to November 2025) – Member of the People and Governance
Committee (from March 2025 to November 2025)
■ Director: Greenfields Dairy (since 2021)
■ Chief Executive Officer and Director: Raintree Group
Limited and Raintree Investment Pte Ltd. (since 2019)
■ Director: National Gallery Singapore (since July 2024) –
Chairwoman of the Development Committee

*
N.B.:

136

Listed company.
For information regarding independence criteria, please refer to this Universal Registration Document – pages 106 to 108.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

Alexis PERAKIS-VALAT _______________________________
Independent Director – Chairman of the Compensation Committee
Nationality: French and Greek
Born on July 3, 1971
Date of first appointment: May 2023
Start of current term: May 2023
End of current term: 2027 (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2026)
Number of shares owned as of December 31, 2025: 550
Professional address: L’Oréal – 41 rue Martre – 92110 Clichy – France

Career ______________________________________________________________________________
A graduate of HEC, Alexis Perakis-Valat joined L’Oréal, the world’s leading beauty group, in 1994. He began his career there as a
Product Manager, before becoming Marketing Director of L’Oréal Paris. He then held various strategic positions within the L’Oréal
group in Europe and the United States: General Manager of Garnier/Maybelline Belgium from 1999 to 2001, General Manager of
L’Oréal Paris Spain from 2001 to 2003, General Manager of SoftSheen-Carson in the United States from 2003 to 2005, General
Manager of L’Oréal Germany from 2005 to 2009. He took over as General Manager Europe for the Consumer Products Division in
2009, and, in September 2010, he was appointed Chief Executive Officer of L’Oréal in China, based in Shanghai. In 2013, his
responsibilities were extended to include the whole of Asia Pacific and he became a member of the group’s Executive Committee.
From September 2016 to December 2025, Alexis Perakis-Valat served as President of the Consumer Products Division, the group’s
leading division. Since January 1, 2026, he has held the position of Chief Executive Officer of L’Oréal USA, the group’s largest
subsidiary, and President of L’Oréal North America, based in New York. He is involved in the major transformations that reinforce
L’Oréal’s leadership, notably in three key areas; digital, environmental & social responsibility, and development of the
distribution channels.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired ____

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

–

■ Director: L’Air Liquide S.A.* (since May 2023) –
Chairman of the Compensation Committee (since May 2025)

Positions or activities outside the Air Liquide Group
■ President of the Consumer Products Division (1)
(since 2016) and Member of the Executive Committee
L’Oréal*

*
N.B.:

Listed company.
For information regarding independence criteria, please refer to this Universal Registration Document – pages 106 to 108.

(1)

Alexis Perakis-Valat will assume the role of CEO of L’Oréal USA and President of l’Oréal North America, effective January 1, 2026, with handovers starting
sequentially from October 1, 2025.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

137

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

Michael H. THAMAN ________________________________
Independent Director – Member of the Environment and Society Committee
Nationality: American
Born on March 5, 1964
Date of first appointment: May 2023
Start of current term: May 2023
End of current term: 2027 (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2026)
Number of shares owned as of December 31, 2025: 550
Business address: 6455 Monroe St., Apt 316, Sylvania OH 43560

Career ______________________________________________________________________________
Michael H. Thaman is a graduate of Princeton University with a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science.
He began his career in 1986 with Mercer Management Consulting, where he became Vice President in the New York office. In 1992,
Michael H. Thaman began his nearly 30 year career with Owens Corning, a global building and industrial materials leader
(manufacturing and selling insulation and roofing products, fiberglass composite materials and innovative and sustainable solutions
for construction), where he held a variety of senior leadership positions including VP and President, Engineered Pipe Systems from
1997 to 1998 and Exterior Systems Business from 1999 to 2000, and Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer from 2000 to 2007.
From 2007 to 2019, Michael H. Thaman served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Owens Corning, and was Executive
Chairman from 2002-2020, a period during which Owens Corning became one of the top-rated U.S. companies on ESG criteria.
Michael H. Thaman has been a Director of NextEra Energy, a major U.S. based utility company, from 2003 to 2014, a decade during
which the company developed a clean energy growth strategy.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired ______

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

2020

■ Director: L’Air Liquide S.A.* (since May 2023) – Member
of the Environment and Society Committee (since May 2025)

■ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (from 2007 to 2019)
and Executive Chairman (2002-2020): Owens Corning*

Positions or activities outside the Air Liquide Group

■ Chief Executive Officer: UBQ Materials (2020)

■ Director: Sherwin-Williams* (since May 2017) – Member
of the Audit Committee
■ Director: UL Solutions Inc* (since May 2021) – Chairman
of the Audit Committee – Member of the Finance Committee
■ Director: Kohler Co. (since May 2014)
■ Director: AeroSeal

*
N.B.:

138

Listed company.
For information regarding independence criteria, please refer to this Universal Registration Document – pages 106 to 108.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Information concerning members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management

Monica de VIRGILIIS ________________________________
Independent Director – Member of the Environment and Society Committee
Nationality: Italian and French
Born on July 20, 1967
Date of first appointment: May 2023
Start of current term: May 2024
End of current term: 2028 (General Meeting to approve the financial statements for the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2027)
Number of shares owned as of December 31, 2025: 550
Business address: SNAM S.p.A. – Piazza Santa Barbara, 7, 20097 San Donato Milanese MI, Italy

Career ______________________________________________________________________________
Monica de Virgiliis graduated from the Polytechnic University of Turin with a degree in electronic engineering. She started her career
in 1993 at Magneti Marelli (Fiat Group) as a production engineer. In 1996, she joined the CEA in Italy, where she was in charge of
developing partnerships with Italian companies. In 2001, she began a 15-year career at STMicroelectronics, a leading international
semiconductor group based in Geneva, where she held various managerial positions, including General Manager of the wireless
multimedia division, and ultimately Corporate Director of Strategy and Development. In 2015-2016, Monica de Virgiliis was Managing
Director of the Industrial Microcontroller Division of Infineon, a German semiconductor group based in Munich. Throughout her career
in the field of new technologies, Monica de Virgiliis has alternated between operational and strategic positions on a global scale and
has played a key role in the transformation of business models in markets highly impacted by digitalization. In 2017, Monica de
Virgiliis decided to apply her technological skills to energy transition. She was Director of Strategy at CEA (Commissariat à l’Energie
Atomique et aux Energies Alternatives) in Paris from 2017 to 2019. In 2019, in collaboration with the World Economic Forum, she
founded Chapter Zero France, a non-profit association aiming to raise awareness of climate issues among non-executive directors, of
which she is Chair.

Positions and activities held
during the 2025 fiscal year _________________

Positions and activities held during
the last five years and that have expired ______

Functions within the Air Liquide Group

2024

■ Director: L’Air Liquide S.A.* (since May 2023) – Member
of the Environment and Society Committee (since May 2023)

■ Member of the Supervisor Board: ASM International*
(from May 2020 to May 2024) – Member of the Audit
Committee

Positions or activities outside the Air Liquide Group
■ Chairwoman of the Board of Directors: SNAM*
(from April 2022 to May 2025) – Director (from 2016 to May 2025)
■ Director: Georg Fischer* (from April 2023 to April 2025) –
Member of the Audit Committee

2022
■ Director: SARAS* (Member of the Audit Committee –
from 2021 to 2022)

2021
■ Director: GEODIS (Member of the Audit Committee –
from 2018 to 2021)
■ Director: Prysmian Group (Chair of the Appointments,
Remuneration and Sustainability Committee –
from 2015 to 2021)

*
N.B.:

Listed company.
For information regarding independence criteria, please refer to this Universal Registration Document – pages 106 to 108.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

139

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

REMUNERATION OF L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.
CORPORATE OFFICERS
This section includes a complete description of the components of
remuneration for the corporate officers of L’Air Liquide S.A.,
including the following components on which the General Meeting
of May 5, 2026, is invited to vote:
■ with regard to the Chief Executive Officer: the components
which make up the total remuneration and the benefits of all
kinds paid during 2025 or awarded in respect of 2025. These
components are described on pages 162 to 170 of this
Universal Registration Document and are the subject of the
9ᵗʰ resolution proposed to the General Meeting (1);
■ with regard to the Chairman of the Board of Directors: the
components which make up the total remuneration and the
benefits of all kinds paid during 2025 or awarded in respect of
2025. These components are described on page 171 of this
Universal Registration Document and are the subject of the
10ᵗʰ resolution proposed to the General Meeting (1);
■ with regard to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the
Board of Directors and the Directors of L’Air Liquide S.A.: the
components of remuneration presented in the Report on
Corporate Governance pursuant to article L. 22-10-9 I of the
French Commercial Code. These components are described
on pages 143 to 161 of this Universal Registration Document
and are the subject of the 11ᵗʰ resolution proposed to the
General Meeting (2);

– the 13ᵗʰ resolution for the part relating to the Chairman of
the Board of Directors (concerning Mr Benoît Potier), and
– the 14ᵗʰ resolution for the part relating to the Directors (3).
The resolutions proposed to the General Meeting of May 5, 2026
are contained in Chapter 6 of this Universal Registration Document.
The information presented in this section also takes into account
the provisions of the AFEP/MEDEF Corporate Governance Code
for listed companies as interpreted by the Haut Comité de
gouvernement d’entreprise (French High Committee on Corporate
Governance) (Application Guide to the AFEP/MEDEF Code (for
which the last updated version was published in December 2025);
Report of the Haut Comité de gouvernement d’entreprise (French
High Committee on Corporate Governance) published in
December 2025) and the AMF recommendations included in the
AMF Guide for preparing Universal Registration Documents and
in the AMF report on Corporate Governance and executive
remuneration in listed companies published in December 2025.
For a summary of the application of the AFEP/MEDEF Code, see
the table in the Report on Corporate Governance – page 125 of
this Universal Registration Document.
In accordance with the AFEP/MEDEF Code, the remuneration
components of the Company Officers are made public after the
Board meeting during which they are approved.

■ with regard to all the corporate officers of L’Air Liquide S.A.:
the remuneration policy applicable to corporate officers, which
is presented on pages 173 to 180 of this Universal Registration
Document and which is the subject of:
– the 12ᵗʰ resolution for the part relating to the Chief
Executive Officer (concerning Mr François Jackow),

(1)
(2)
(3)

140

Pursuant to article L. 22-10-34 II of the French Commercial Code.
Pursuant to article L. 22-10-34 I of the French Commercial Code.
Pursuant to article L. 22-10-8 II of the French Commercial Code.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

These remuneration components of the corporate officers are presented below as follows:
1. Summary of the remuneration of Company Officers
2. Remuneration of Company Officers (including information mentioned in article L. 22-10-9 I of the French Commercial Code)
2.1. Remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer
2.1.1. Short-term benefits
2.1.2. LTI: options and performance shares
2.1.3. Pension plans and termination benefits
2.2. Remuneration of the Chairman of the Board of Directors
2.2.1. Fixed remuneration
2.2.2. Other components of annual remuneration
2.2.3. Options and performance shares previously granted to Mr Benoît Potier in respect of his previous term of office
as Chairman and CEO
2.3. Remuneration ratios – Annual change in remuneration, performance and ratios
3. Remuneration of the non-executive Directors (including information mentioned in article L. 22-10-9 I of the French Commercial Code)
3.1. Remuneration in respect of 2023, 2024 and 2025
3.2. Criteria
3.2.1. Fixed remuneration (for an entire fiscal year)
3.2.2. Variable remuneration
4. Elements of the 2025 remuneration of the Company Officers on which the Shareholders’ Meeting of May 5, 2026 is invited to vote
(pursuant to article L. 22-10-34 II of the French Commercial Code)
4.1. Elements of the Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration for 2025
4.2. Elements of the Chairman of the Board of Directors’ remuneration for 2025
5. Remuneration policy applicable to corporate officers
5.1. Remuneration policy applicable to Company Officers
5.1.1. Remuneration policy applicable to Executive Officers
5.1.2. Implementation for the determination of the Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration for 2026
5.1.3. Remuneration policy applicable to the Chairman of the Board of Directors
5.2. Remuneration policy applicable to Directors

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

141

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

1. Summary of the remuneration of Company Officers
Table 1 below presents a summary of all remuneration components paid to the Company Officers with regard to the 2024 and 2025 fiscal
years. They are then more fully described in the following tables.

TABLE 1. SUMMARY OF REMUNERATION, OPTIONS AND PERFORMANCE SHARES GRANTED TO COMPANY OFFICERS
(in thousands of euros, rounded off)

2024

2025

2,836

2,668

—

—

1,814
4,650

1,815
4,483

2024

2025

803
—
—
803

803
—
—
803

François Jackow – Chief Executive Officer:

Remuneration granted in respect of the fiscal year (see breakdown in Table 2, paragraph 2.1.1) (a)
Value of options granted during the fiscal year (see breakdown in Table 4, paragraph 2.1.2)
Value of performance shares granted during the fiscal year
(see breakdown in Table 6, paragraph 2.1.2)
TOTAL
(a) Including benefits in kind.

(in thousands of euros, rounded off)
Benoît Potier – Chairman of the Board:

Remuneration granted in respect of the fiscal year (see breakdown in Table 2, paragraph 2.2.) (a)
Value of stock options granted during the fiscal year (Table 4, paragraph 2.2.3)
Value of performance shares granted during the fiscal year (Table 6, paragraph 2.2.3)
TOTAL
(a) Only fixed remuneration and benefits in kind.

BREAKDOWN OF THE REMUNERATION OF COMPANY OFFICERS
(in thousands of euros, rounded off)

142

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

2. Remuneration of Company Officers (including
information mentioned in article L. 22-10-9 I
of the French Commercial Code)
The remuneration policy applicable to the Chief Executive
Officer and the Chairman of the Board of Directors in respect of
their terms of office as decided by the Board of Directors on
February 20, 2025, on the recommendation of the Remuneration
Committee, and presented in the Company’s 2024 Universal
Registration Document (pages 172 to 180) was approved by the
Ordinary General Meeting of May 6, 2025 (in resolutions 12 to
14). This General Meeting also approved the information relating
to the remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman
of the Board of Directors and the Directors, presented in the
Report on Corporate Governance included in the 2024 Universal
Registration Document (1) (11th resolution).
In 2025, the structure and principles applicable to the
remuneration of Company Officers were in line with the previous
fiscal year.

Concerning the Chief Executive Officer:
In accordance with the remuneration policy approved in 2025, the
main elements of the remuneration of the Chief Executive
Officer are as follows:
■ the fixed remuneration represents approximately 27%, the
target variable remuneration approximately 32% and the
long-term incentive (hereafter “LTI”) granted approximately
41% of the total annual remuneration. Accordingly, the weight
of the variable remuneration and the LTI, which are subject to
performance conditions, represents approximately 75% of this
total. In 2025, the percentage of the Chief Executive Officer’s
target variable annual remuneration that is dependent on
sustainability objectives and/or impacts was 10% (2). In
addition, 15% of the performance conditions of the LTI are
linked to the Group’s climate objectives.
The collective pension insurance contract with individual and
optional subscription and the termination indemnity are also
subject to performance conditions.
The performance conditions, which are described below, reflect
the Group’s ambition to achieve profitable growth over the
long term by combining financial and extra-financial performance;
■ variable remuneration:
– the variable part is expressed as a target variable
remuneration and as a maximum (as a % of the fixed
remuneration). For the quantifiable criteria, the target variable
remuneration corresponds to an achievement of 100% of the
target objective set at the start of the year. The target
objectives fixed are demanding and are completely consistent
with the trajectory of the ADVANCE company program,
– a greater relative weight is given to the quantifiable
criteria as compared to the qualitative criteria,
– a weighting is allocated to each of the qualitative criteria;

(1)
(2)

■ LTI (long-term remuneration components):
– all the LTI (solely performance shares in 2025) granted to
the Executive Officers are subject to performance
conditions calculated over a period of three years.
Since 2020, the LTI plans have included a performance
condition linked to the Group’s climate objectives in
addition to the ROCE and TSR criteria,
– limits on the grants to Executive Officers: in accordance
with the authorizations given by the General Meeting on
May 6, 2025 (in line with those granted by the 2022 General
Meeting), the number of performance shares granted to the
Executive Officers may not exceed 0.1% of the share
capital and the number of stock options, if any, may not
exceed 0.2% of the share capital. The Board of Directors
also sets annual limits for the grants, which remain well
below these sub-limits, it being noted that, as stated above,
the LTI must represent approximately 40% of the total target
annual remuneration for the Executive Officer,
– the other principles which apply to the LTI are also
unchanged (proration of the LTI in the event of the
Executive Officer’s departure during the period of
assessment of the performance conditions, no allocation at
the time of departure, the level of requirement of the
objectives, the rules which apply to the Executive Officers
as described on pages 149 to 150).

The Chief Executive Officer does not receive any remuneration
in his capacity as Director.

Concerning the Chairman of the Board of Directors:
The main components of the separate remuneration policy for
the Chairman of the Board of Directors, approved in 2025, are
as follows:
■ the Chairman of the Board receives only fixed remuneration, to
the exclusion of any variable and long-term remuneration
(notably LTI) and any exceptional remuneration;
■ the Chairman of the Board does not receive any remuneration
as a Director.
The elements of remuneration for Company Officers, as
determined by the Board of Directors pursuant to the
remuneration policy approved by the General Meeting on May 6,
2025, are described below.

Information listed in article L. 22-10-9 I of the French Commercial Code.
ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (d).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

143

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

2.1. REMUNERATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
2.1.1. SHORT-TERM BENEFITS
The gross annual remuneration before tax of the Chief Executive Officer (1), including benefits in kind, is indicated in Table 2 below:
TABLE 2. SUMMARY OF THE REMUNERATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
For information, reminder
of previous years:

(in thousands of euros, rounded off)

2024
Amounts
awarded

Amounts
paid

2025
Amounts
awarded

Amounts
paid

François Jackow – Chief Executive Officer (a)
Fixed remuneration
including remuneration in respect of his term of office as Director
Annual variable remuneration
Benefits in kind
TOTAL

1,210
—
1,608
18
2,836

1,210
—
1,471
18
2,699

1,210
—
1,440
18
2,668

1,210
—
1,608
18
2,836

(a) During the 2025 fiscal year, the Company also paid contributions to external organizations for the benefit of Mr François Jackow in respect of defined
contribution pension plans (21,348 euros), the collective death and disability benefits plan (13,339 euros) and the collective healthcare cost plan (522 euros),
i.e. a total of 35,209 euros. In 2026, the Company will also pay contributions (in respect of the 2025 fiscal year) under the collective pension insurance contract,
in the amount of 377,058 euros (split between a payment to the insurer and a payment to Mr François Jackow to cover social security contributions and taxes
due on payments made to the insurer). Details of these plans are set forth below.

Within the fixed remuneration and variable remuneration in
respect of 2025, after recording by the Board of Directors on
February 19, 2026 the achievement of the criteria for the variable
remuneration in respect of the 2025 fiscal year, the fixed
remuneration represents 46% and the variable remuneration
represents 54% (2).
In accordance with the remuneration policy for the Chief
Executive Officer established by the Board of Directors on
February 20, 2025 and approved by the Meeting of May 6, 2025,
the overall target remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer is
unchanged compared to the previous fiscal year.
The components of the Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration for
the 2025 fiscal year are detailed below.

A. Fixed remuneration for 2025
The fixed remuneration for 2025, determined on the basis of the
level of responsibility, experience in General Management duties
and market practices, amounts to 1,210,000 euros.

B. Variable remuneration for 2025
The principles and criteria for the variable remuneration of the
Chief Executive Officer, as decided upon by the Board of
Directors on February 20, 2025, on the recommendation of the
Remuneration Committee, were approved by the General Meeting
on May 6, 2025 (12th resolution) (3).
On the proposal of the Remuneration Committee, the Board of
Directors on February 19, 2026 assessed the 2025 performance
of the Executive Officer over the period.
The criteria for the variable remuneration, their weighting and their
rate of achievement are detailed in the following summary table.

Quantifiable financial criteria
The variable portion for 2025 is based on two financial criteria:
increase in recurring net earnings (excluding exceptional and
significant transactions which do not impact operating income
recurring) excluding currency impact, per share (hereinafter
“recurring EPS”) and comparable growth in consolidated
revenue (excluding significant scope impact and the impact of
currency and energy). Details of these criteria are contained in the
summary table below (page 147).

(1)
(2)
(3)

144

The increase in the recurring EPS criterion makes it possible to
take into account all the items in the income statement. The
criterion of an increase in sales reflects the momentum of the
activity. These two criteria, growth in revenue and the recurring
EPS, reflect the Group’s ambition to achieve profitable growth.
Moreover, the achievement of the efficiency objectives contributes
to the increase in the recurring EPS.
For each criterion, the Board of Directors had defined a target
objective. The target objectives were exacting and were
completely consistent with the trajectory of the main objectives of
the ADVANCE company program.
A formula adopted by the Board makes it possible to calculate the
amount of the variable remuneration due (within a maximum limit)
by taking into account, on the basis of the Consolidated Financial
Statements for the fiscal year, the value achieved for the criterion
as compared to the target objective set. Thus, in the event of a
performance that exceeds the objective set, the value of the
variable part is adjusted upward within the maximum limit set for
each criterion. In the event of a performance that is below the
lower limit set for each objective, the variable remuneration
corresponding to this criterion is equal to zero. The
achievement of each performance condition is assessed without
any set-off between criteria.
Furthermore, according to this formula, the rate of achievement
of each objective is calculated linearly as follows:
■ an initial linear gradient between the lower limit of the
objective, corresponding to the trigger threshold (0% below
this threshold) and the target (corresponding to a 100%
achievement of the objective);
■ a second linear gradient between the target (100%) and the
maximum achievement level (125% of the target).
The objectives are not made public for confidentiality reasons.
Nevertheless, the rate of achievement of each objective for the
variable remuneration (as a percentage of the fixed remuneration
and as a percentage of the target variable remuneration allocated to
that criterion) is communicated in the summary table on page 147.
The quantifiable criteria objectives were achieved at 88.1%.

The Chief Executive Officer does not receive any remuneration from Group companies other than L’Air Liquide S.A.
At target, the fixed remuneration represents 45% and the variable remuneration 55%.
ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (e).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Qualitative personal criteria (1)
The variable remuneration for 2025 is also based on qualitative
personal criteria. These are as follows:
■ CSR: ESG objectives forming an integral part of the
ADVANCE strategic program (2):
– safety: continue efforts to improve safety (lost time accident
frequency rate, road traffic accidents and job-related
accidents),
– rollout of action plans related to the Group’s sustainability
objectives; progress made on the various key indicators and
alignment with the 2025 trajectory linked to these objectives (3);
■ Organization/Human Resources (talents development,
management succession plans, organizing and implementing
the Group’s transformation program);
■ individual performance: this criterion responds to the Board
of Directors’ desire to keep a part of the variable remuneration
subject to the Board’s assessment, in order to take account of
the unpredictability of the environment. This may be beneficial
to the Executive Officer, if the Company is facing an
unfavorable environment which was not anticipated at the time
the objectives were set, or disadvantageous if the environment
ultimately turns out to be more favorable than anticipated.
A target weighting and a maximum weighting are set for each
qualitative criterion.
For 2025, after a detailed analysis by the Remuneration
Committee of the achievements for the fiscal year, the Board of
Directors noted the following elements concerning each of the
personal criteria:

CSR:
Performance was considered excellent:
■ Safety
In 2025, Air Liquide achieved a historic safety performance,
confirming the robustness of the Group's ongoing initiatives.
The number of lost-time accidents among employees
decreased significantly to 48, compared to 87 in 2024. This
brought the frequency rate to a record low of 0.36, a major
improvement over the previous year (0.67). This positive trend
extended to subcontractors, with a 27% drop in lost-time
accidents, bringing their frequency rate down to 0.72. Overall,
the total number of injuries within the Group fell by 25 people
year-on-year.
François Jackow maintained constant vigilance on Safety
through monthly reviews with the Executive Committee. Under
his leadership, the Group accelerated its technical compliance
programs, notably achieving 100% compliance with new safety
requirements for gas cylinder purging.

■ Rollout of action plans related to the Group’s sustainability
objectives; Progress made on the various key indicators and
alignment with the 2025 trajectory linked to these objectives
In 2025, the Group continued its structural efforts in
sustainability, driven by multi-level supervision and the
personal involvement of François Jackow. The C-ENRISK
committee, composed of the Chief Executive Officer and seven
other Executive Committee members, reviewed a number of
aspects of the Group's sustainability strategy. Key focus areas
included the structure of CSRD extra-financial reporting,
gender pay gap analysis, adequate wage, business models for
ammonia in the energy transition and Carbon Capture and
Storage (CCS). François Jackow also played a leading role in
the Group’s decision to join the Carbon Measure coalition,
which aims to promote public policies for emission reductions
and improve the accuracy of carbon accounting.
Resources and Investment Committees (RICs), held during the
year, systematically incorporate carbon footprint analysis into
every regional project. Simultaneously, annual decarbonization
reviews were held with each Cluster to monitor local
trajectories. François Jackow reaffirmed the Group's
commitment to delivering its medium-term emission reduction
ambitions for 2035. In the societal space, François Jackow's
commitment was also reflected in his role as a Director of the
Air Liquide Foundation, where he personally sponsored
several projects and oversaw the reassessment of the
Foundation's strategy.
The year 2025 marked the completion of the ADVANCE
strategic plan, with all environmental objectives successfully
met. CO2 emissions fell by approximately 13% compared to
2020 (representing a reduction of 5.1 million tonnes),
confirming that the inflection point for absolute emissions was
achieved in 2024, one year ahead of schedule. Carbon
intensity significantly exceeded the initial target of a 30%
reduction compared to 2015, while the implementation rate of
water management plans for priority sites in high water-stress
areas reached 100%.
Regarding social perspective, the Group finalized its major
commitments, with 100% of employees now covered by the
Common Care Coverage and Citizen at Work programs. In
terms of diversity, the proportion of women among managers
and professionals increased to 33.8% at the end of 2025 (up
from 31% in 2020). While progressing steadily with the full
support of the Executive Committee, this result remains slightly
below the 35% ambition, and remains far above industry / peers
level. Efforts will be maintained in these areas to strengthen this
representativeness across all the Group's businesses.

The year was also characterized by the launch of the
2026-2030 road safety plan and the continued reinforcement
of the safety culture. More than 18,000 employees participated
in workshops focused on the 24 major safety risks, a program
supported by the distribution of over 30 awareness videos
worldwide. These initiatives, consistently promoted by
François Jackow during his site visits, remain at the heart of
the operational strategy for 2026.

(1)
(2)
(3)

ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (a).
ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (b).
ESRS E1 GOV-3 § 13 and ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 27.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

145

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Organization and Human Resources:
Performance was considered excellent.
This assessment is based on three elements: talents
development, managerial succession plans, organizing and
implementing the Group’s transformation program.
■ Talents development
In 2025, François Jackow reaffirmed his commitment to
developing the Group's human capital. During a dedicated
Executive Committee meeting, a new talent management
strategy was approved to ensure alignment with the business
strategy and to prepare the organization for future challenges,
particularly through digital transformation. The year was
marked by the revamping of the Technical Community Leaders
(TCL) program, a cornerstone of performance and innovation
that brings together more than 5,000 experts. Under the
leadership of François Jackow, this program was strengthened
to tighten the links between technical expertise and operations,
within the context of the energy transition and internal
transformation. This momentum was officially launched during
the "Be Innovation" Day, following a strategic review at the
Fellows Summit in the presence of the Executive Committee.
■ Managerial succession plans
Succession management received particular attention with two
Executive Committee sessions dedicated to a detailed review
of international talent. This rigorous process covers the most
critical management positions across all geographic regions,
business lines, and support functions. François Jackow
personally supervised these succession plans with the Group's
Human Resources Department. For each key position,
successors (immediate or future) were identified and
evaluated, thereby ensuring a solid talent pool of leaders
capable of sustainably supporting the Group's performance
through targeted development plans.
■ Organizing and implementing the Group’s
transformation program
As the primary driver behind the transformation program,
François Jackow demonstrated his personal commitment by
participating in steering committees throughout the year, in

146

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

addition to Executive Committee sessions. Under his
leadership, the Group reached decisive milestones in
simplifying its organizational design, notably through the
reduction of hubs and clusters, the verticalization of
Procurement and Digital & IT functions, and the optimization of
local structures. This transformation relies heavily on the rampup of Global Business Services (GBS). François Jackow
personally spearheaded a strategy to leverage this expertise
as a global efficiency lever. Under his direction, GBS not only
delivered substantial savings but also initiated a strategic pivot
toward a global "End-to-End" model. This model harmonizes
business processes across the Group, ensuring greater agility
and increased service quality for all entities.
The Digital & IT function delivered efficiencies through footprint
streamlining, contract rationalization and technological
projects. Simultaneously, the verticalization of Procurement
enabled the Group to raise its savings ambition. The other
transformation pillars also reported major results: for instance,
the execution of the "Industrial Value" stream significantly
exceeded expectations. On the commercial front, pricing
actions and sales force effectiveness are projected to bolster
the operating income. The global design of the Customer Care
initiative was validated for a 2026 rollout, aimed at unifying the
processes in the Group, standardizing and leveraging
automation. In addition, François Jackow steered the launch of
the AI program, moving from opportunistic use cases to
industrial-scale deployment, supported by 800 "AI
Champions." To durably embed this performance culture within
the organization, he encouraged the rollout of workshops that
trained the global workforce on expected behaviors. These
behaviors are now fully integrated into the Be Act Engage
framework and annual performance review processes.

Individual performance:
The Chief Executive Officer’s individual performance
was considered excellent. The Board highlighted that against a
backdrop of heavy headwinds, including a subdued economical
environment and uncertain global context, he succeeded in
leading the Group to deliver very strong performance, while
successfully leading the transformation dynamic.

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

SUMMARY TABLE OF THE VARIABLE REMUNERATION FOR 2025
Elements approved by the General Meeting
in 2025:
Target (a)

Indicator
Quantifiable financial criteria
including:

As a %
of the fixed
remuneration

Achievement (d)

Maximum

As a %
As a %
based
As a % based
on a
of the fixed
on a
100 remuneration
100

As a %
of the target
remuneration
for this
criterion

As a %
of the fixed
remuneration

As a %
based
on a
100

In
thousands
of euros

84

70

105

70

88

74

100

895

60

50

75

50

123

74

100

895

24

20

30

20

0

0

0

0

36

30

45

30

125

45

38

545

■ Rollout of action plans relating
to the Group’s sustainability
objectives; progress made
on the various key indicators (e)
and alignment with the 2025
trajectory linked
to these objectives

12

10

15

10

125

15

13

182

Organization/Human
Resources
(talents development,
management succession plans,
organizing and implementing the
Group's transformation program)

12

10

15

10

125

15

13

182

Individual performance:
assessment by the Board of
Directors, notably in light of the
external environment for the year

12

10

15

10

125

15

13

182

TOTAL (FINANCIAL
AND PERSONAL CRITERIA)

120

100

150

100

99

119

100

1,440

Increase in recurring net
earnings (b) excluding the foreign
exchange impact per share
(recurring EPS)
Comparable growth
in consolidated revenue (c)
Qualitative personal criteria
including:
CSR:
■ Safety: continue efforts
to improve safety (lost time
accident frequency rate,
road traffic accidents
and job-related accidents)

(a) The target corresponds to 100% achievement of the performance criterion.
(b) Excluding significant and exceptional transactions that do not impact the operating income recurring. The calculation is based on the 2025 recurring net profit
(Group share) excluding the foreign exchange impact (as compared to 2024), reconciled in Chapter 1 – page 64 of this 2025 Universal Registration Document.
(c) Excluding significant scope impact, foreign exchange impact and energy. See reconciliation in Chapter 1 – page 62 of this 2025 Universal Registration Document.
(d) As per decision of the Board of Directors on February 19, 2026. Figures are rounded to nearest unit.
(e) Key indicators including those required to measure CO2 emissions for the year are disclosed in the Sustainability Statement (see Chapter 5, section 2.2
of this Universal Registration Document) (1).

In total, the amount of the variable part of the remuneration is below the target and amounts to 1,439,900 euros.
The total amount of the variable remuneration due for the 2025
fiscal year will be paid in 2026, after approval of the financial
statements by the General Meeting, it being noted that its
payment is conditional on the approval by a General Meeting of
the components of remuneration paid during or awarded in
respect of the 2025 fiscal year to Mr François Jackow.

C. Total fixed and variable remuneration for 2025
For the reasons set out above, the annual remuneration of
Mr François Jackow as Chief Executive Officer is lower compared
to his remuneration in 2024.

(1)

D. Other components of annual remuneration
In line with the 2024 remuneration, Mr François Jackow received
the following components of remuneration:

Death and disability benefits and healthcare cost plans
In 2025, Mr François Jackow continued to benefit from the
supplementary “incapacity, invalidity, death” benefits plan, unified
as from January 1, 2015, covering all personnel and corporate
officers who are duly authorized to benefit from such scheme.
Mr François Jackow also benefited from the healthcare cost plan
covering all employees.

ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (c).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

147

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

The supplementary “incapacity, invalidity, death” benefits plan
provides in particular for:
■ the grant to the beneficiaries:
– of additional daily indemnities in the event of incapacity and
a disability annuity set, all benefits combined, at a
maximum annual amount of 527,520 euros, and
– of a death benefit, the maximum amount of which is set at
120 times the PASS (annual social security limit) in the
event of an accident.
The insurance contract entered into with the insurer specifies
the limits of the incapacity/disability and death benefits for the
same insured party;
■ the payment in full, by the Company, of the contributions
calculated as a percentage of the Reference Remuneration
which is capped at:
– 16 times the PASS for the incapacity and disability cover, and
– 24 times the PASS for the death benefit.
The contribution rate for 2025 amounts to 1.28% of the Reference
Remuneration up to 16 PASS and to 1.03% between 16 and 24
PASS. These contributions are deductible from the corporate
income tax base, are subject to the social levy at a rate of 8%,
and are excluded from the basis for assessment of the social
security contributions, within the limit of an amount equal to the
sum of 6% of the PASS and 1.5% of the remuneration, taken into
account within the limit of 12% of the PASS.
The contributions paid by L’Air Liquide S.A. in 2025 for the benefit
of Mr François Jackow amounted to 13,339 euros in respect of
the death and disability benefits plan and 522 euros in respect of
the healthcare cost plan (i.e. a total of 13,861 euros) and are also
indicated in the notes to Table 2 (see page 144).

Benefits in kind
The benefits in kind paid to the Executive Officer in 2025 include
the use of a company car and contributions in respect of the
social security scheme for Company Directors.

2.1.2. LTI: OPTIONS
AND PERFORMANCE SHARES
A. 2025 performance share plan
(plan dated September 30, 2025)
1. Principles of grant for 2025
For the Chief Executive Officer, the grant for 2025 forms part of the
2025 remuneration policy defined by the Board of Directors on
February 20, 2025, on the recommendation of the Remuneration
Committee, and approved by the General Meeting on May 6, 2025. (1)
The allocation of LTI to Mr François Jackow in 2025 in his
capacity as Chief Executive Officer represents an IFRS valuation
of 1,814,866 euros.
The Board of Directors of September 2025 decided, in
accordance with the general market trend and in line with its
practice since 2019, to grant performance shares only to all
beneficiaries, in order to simplify and standardize the LTI scheme.

(1)
(2)
(3)

148

2. Performance conditions of the 2025 plans (2)
All the performance shares granted to any beneficiary are
subject to performance conditions which are calculated over
three years. The performance conditions were set by the Board
of Directors at the start of the year, at the February meeting, in
order to comply with a reference period of three full years.
For reasons of confidentiality, the exact targets set for each
performance condition will be made public ex-post, following the
Board of Directors’ meeting at the time the financial statements
are adopted for the 2027 fiscal year. The results achieved, the
rate of achievement of the performance conditions and the
percentage of performance shares vested will also be published
following this meeting. The percentage of performance shares
definitively awarded may in no event exceed 100% of the initial
grant. The achievement of each performance condition will be
assessed without any set-off between criteria.
In keeping with the Group’s responsible growth approach, the
2025 performance share plans incorporate, as they did in 2024, a
performance condition linked to the Group’s climate objectives.
The weight of this criterion was strengthened to 15% (instead of
10% previously) by decreasing each of the two criteria linked to
the TSR to 17.5% (instead of 20% each previously).
Accordingly, the number of performance shares definitively
awarded pursuant to the 2025 Plans will depend:
(i) for 50% of the performance shares granted, on the rate of
achievement of a target, set by the Board, comprising the
after-tax Return on Capital Employed (recurring ROCE) (3)
recorded at the end of the 2027 fiscal year.
At the objective set, the grant is 100% and then decreases on
a straight-line basis to a lower limit below which there will be
no award. This lower limit corresponds to a ROCE level which
is 200 basis points less than the objective set, which provides
a degree of flexibility, notably making it possible to take
advantage of external growth opportunities.
The objective was set in line with the ROCE objective
announced by the Company, i.e. more than 10%;
(ii) for 35% of the performance shares granted:
– for 50% of the performance shares referred to in subparagraph (ii): on an objective of Total Shareholder Return
set by the Board, defined as the average annual growth
rate of an investment in Air Liquide shares, dividends
reinvested, for the 2025, 2026 and 2027 fiscal years (“AL
TSR”). The objective of an absolute TSR is set in
accordance with historic performances. At the objective set,
the grant is 100% and then decreases on a straight-line
basis to a lower limit below which there will be no award;
– for 50% of the performance shares referred to in subparagraph (ii): on the rate of Total Shareholder Return from
an investment in Air Liquide shares, dividends reinvested –
source: Bloomberg (“B TSR”), as compared to the CAC 40
TSR index, dividends reinvested (source: Bloomberg) for
the 2025, 2026 and 2027 fiscal years.
The rate of achievement will be 0%, if the average of the
Air Liquide TSR over three years is lower than the average
of the CAC 40 TSR, 50% if it is equal to the average of the
CAC 40 TSR and 100%, if it is at least 2% higher than the
average of the CAC 40 TSR on the basis of a straight-line
change. Any grant for a performance lower than the
average of the CAC 40 TSR is impossible.

ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (e).
ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (a)
For the purposes hereof, the Return on Capital Employed after tax (ROCE) is calculated as follows: ((recurring net profit after tax before deduction of minority
interests – cost of net debt after taxes) for the period 2027)/(average of (shareholders’ equity + minority interests + net debt) at the end of the last three half
years (H2 2027, H1 2027, H2 2026)).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

The TSR criteria make it possible to align the Company’s
performance with Shareholders’ expectation of steady profits;
(iii) for 15% of the performance shares granted, on the change
in the Group’s absolute CO2 emissions over the period
2025-2027 aligned with the Group’s CO2 trajectory (an integral
part of the ADVANCE strategic program) (1) (2), as follows:
Comparison of the Air Liquide Group’s CO2 emissions for the
year 2027, expressed in millions of tonnes, with those same
emissions for the year 2024, the 2024 basis of comparison

being adjusted to take account of any possible scope impacts
(possible takeovers of existing units at the Group’s customers
or companies, asset or company divestitures) over the
2025-2027 period, on a 12-month pro-forma basis, in line with
the method used to monitor the carbon trajectory as
communicated by the Group.
For the purposes hereof, the greenhouse gas emissions include
direct emissions (Scope 1) and indirect emissions (Scope 2).
These emissions are accounted for as “market-based" (3).

DIAGRAM SHOWING THE PERFORMANCE CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO THE PERFORMANCE SHARES IN 2025
35%
TSR over 3 years
50%
ROCE

50%
AL TSR

50%
B TSR
(AL TSR/CAC 40 TSR)

15%
Reduction in CO2
emissions
—

3. Rules applicable to Executive Officers

Maintaining the proration principle

In accordance with the remuneration policy, the grant to the
Executive Officer is examined by the Remuneration Committee at
the same time as the allocation to Group employees and is
decided by the Board of Directors.

The 2025 grant of LTI to the Executive Officer remains subject
to the principle of proration.

The grant of performance shares was examined in light of the
total amount of the Executive Officer’s annual remuneration and
ensuring that the interests of the Shareholders are respected.
Before the grant, it was verified that the conditions provided for in
article L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code, which aims at
involving all staff in France in the Company’s performance, are
satisfied. Therefore, in 2025, over 99% of all the employees in the
Company and in the Group’s French entities are covered by an
incentive plan or a special or voluntary profit-sharing plan.

Limits on the grants to Executive Officers
Within the scope of the sub-limits authorized by the General
Meeting for 38 months, the Board of Directors sets lower annual
limits for the grants to the Executive Officers, expressed (i) as a
percentage of the share capital and (ii) as a multiple of their
remuneration, in accordance with the recommendations of the
AFEP/MEDEF Code.
The limits set by the Board of Directors for 2025 are identical to
those for 2024 and are as follows (no subscription option having
been attributed in 2024):
(i) the total number of performance shares granted in 2025 to the
Executive Officer cannot give rise to a number of shares
exceeding 0.012% of the share capital (it being understood
that an allocation sub-limit of 0.1% of the share capital for
38 months was set by the General Meeting on May 6, 2025);
(ii) the total aggregate IFRS value of the performance shares
granted to the Executive Officer cannot exceed approximately
1.5 times the amount of the Executive Officer’s maximum
gross annual remuneration (fixed + variable maximum), it
being noted that the performance shares granted represent
approximately 40% of the total target annual remuneration.

(1)
(2)
(3)

(4)

In practice, if the Executive Officer leaves the Group for a reason
other than his resignation or removal from office for serious
cause (4), the total allocation rate (after applying the performance
conditions) would be reduced pro rata for the duration of actual
presence of the Executive Officer within the Group during the
period of assessment of the performance criteria. Furthermore, no
grant is made to the Executive Officer at the time of this
departure, in accordance with the AFEP/MEDEF Code.
The Executive Officer will remain subject to all the provisions of
the plans and, more specifically, those relating to the duration of
the vesting, lock-up and holding periods in respect of the shares
and stock options granted.

Shareholding and share ownership obligations
Shareholding obligation pursuant
to the French Commercial Code
On the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, the Board
defined the shareholding obligations resulting from articles L. 225-185
and L. 225-197-1 of the French Commercial Code applicable to the
shares resulting from the exercise of stock options and performance
shares, respectively, as from September 28, 2015, as follows:
For each stock option/performance share plan granted to Company
Officers with effect from September 28, 2015, the Company Officers
shall hold, in registered form, until the termination of their duties, a
minimum quantity of shares corresponding to 50% of the capital gain
on acquisition, net of social security charges and tax, resulting
from each exercise of stock options/each definitive award of
performance shares.
However, this percentage will be lowered to 5%, as soon as the
quantity of shares held by the Company Officer resulting from the
exercise of stock options or the definitive award of performance
shares represents a minimum amount equal to at least three times
the Company Officer’s gross annual fixed remuneration.
This rule is regularly reviewed by the Board at the time of each grant.
In 2025, the Board of Directors decided to maintain this rule in
identical form.

ESRS E1 GOV-3 § 13 and ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 27.
ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (b).
See definition of scopes and methodology for calculating scopes in paragraph 2.2. of the Sustainability Statement of this Universal Registration Document –
pages 304 to 324.
Situations which will result in the loss of the LTI.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

149

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

These lock-up obligations have been applicable to Mr François
Jackow in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer since the 2022
performance share plan.

Additional share ownership obligation –
Recommendation made by the AFEP/MEDEF Code
The Board of Directors’ meeting of February 15, 2022 defined, as
an extension of the internal rule defined by the Board since 2008,
the shareholding rule according to which the Company Officers
must hold, in a registered share account, a number of shares
equivalent to twice his gross annual fixed remuneration for the
Chief Executive Officer or the Chairman of the Board of Directors
and one time the gross annual fixed remuneration for a Senior
Executive Vice President. This obligation will remain in force until
it is exceeded by the effect of the rules resulting from the French
Commercial Code. The number of shares required to be held is
assessed as at January 1 and July 1 of each year.
The application of this rule for Mr François Jackow will be
assessed within four years of his appointment as Chief Executive
Officer, i.e. from July 1, 2026.
Recommendations encouraging the ownership of a minimum
number of Company shares equivalent to 0.5 times their gross
annual fixed remuneration, have also been made to members of
the Executive Committee since 2009.

Other rules applicable to the Company Officers
■ Restriction on the exercise of stock options and the divestiture
of performance shares during the “black-out periods” prior to the
publication of the financial statements. These abstention periods
open 30 days before the announcement of the annual and
half-year consolidated results and 15 calendar days prior to the
publication of the quarterly financial information. They end on
the date of publication of the information at close of business.
■ Commitment not to carry out hedging transactions with regard
to the risk concerning the performance shares awarded/shares
arising from the exercise of options, throughout the length
of their term of office.

B. Grants to the Chief Executive Officer
within the scope of the September 30, 2025
performance share plans
Plan Regulations
The grant to the Chief Executive Officer is governed by the
September 30, 2025 performance share plan which applies to all
beneficiaries. This plan, which is the result of the overhaul of the
previous France and World regulations, includes a three-year
vesting period and no holding period (the shares can therefore be
sold at the end of the vesting period, subject to the specific
obligations of the Company Officer, see above).

The plan includes a condition requiring continued presence in the Company during the vesting period, with the loss of rights for the Chief
Executive Officer occurring in the event of resignation or removal from office for serious cause.

Volume
The table below shows the number and value of the performance shares awarded to Mr François Jackow on September 30, 2025
in compliance with the authorization given to the Board of Directors by the General Meeting of May 6, 2025 (19th resolution).

TABLE 6. PERFORMANCE SHARES AWARDED DURING THE 2025 FISCAL YEAR TO THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Number of
performance
shares
Grant date
awarded

François Jackow
in his capacity as
Chief Executive

09/30/2025

11,958

Value of the
performance shares
(pursuant to IFRS 2) (a)
(in euros)

Definitive
award date

Availability
date

1,814,866

09/30/2028

09/30/2028 Three performance
conditions calculated
over three years:
■ ROCE

Performance
conditions

■ TSR, including an
element of relative
comparison
■ Climate Objectives
(a) As at September 30, 2025.

The performance shares awarded to Mr François Jackow on September 30, 2025 as Chief Executive Officer represent 0.0021% of the
number of shares comprising the share capital. This award is made by the Company to the exclusion of any other Group company.

C. Options exercised/remaining to be exercised in 2025 by the Chief Executive Officer – Performance shares
that became available in 2025 (1)
The stock option plan mechanism provides that, following the grant by the Board of Directors, a four-year lock-in period occurs, at the end
of which the achievement of the performance conditions is recorded. This lock-in period is followed by a six-year exercise period.
The Board of Directors has not granted share subscription options since 2018.

(1)

150

For informational purposes.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

TABLE 4. STOCK OPTIONS GRANTED DURING THE FISCAL YEAR TO THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Not applicable (no stock options granted in 2025).

TABLE 5. STOCK OPTIONS EXERCISED DURING THE 2025 FISCAL YEAR BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

François Jackow (b)

Grant date
of the plan

Number of options exercised
during the fiscal year

Exercise price (a)
(in euros)

09/28/2015

7,721

69.12

(a) Exercise price on the date of exercise.
(b) Stock options previously granted to Mr François Jackow as an employee.

TOTAL ADJUSTED STOCK OPTIONS REMAINING TO BE EXERCISED BY THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AS AT DECEMBER 31, 2025

François Jackow (a)

Total number of outstanding
adjusted options

Average price
(in euros)

0

0.00

(a) Stock options previously granted to Mr François Jackow as an employee.

TABLE 7. PERFORMANCE SHARES THAT BECAME AVAILABLE DURING THE 2025 FISCAL YEAR
FOR THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

François Jackow (a)

Grant date

Number of shares that became
available during the fiscal year

09/29/2020

7,132

(a) Performance shares previously granted to Mr François Jackow as an employee.

D. Recording of the achievement of the performance
conditions under the September 28, 2023
performance share plans (1) (2)
On the basis of the financial statements for the 2025 fiscal year
submitted for the approval of the General Meeting of May 5, 2026,
on the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, the
Board of Directors on February 19, 2026 recorded the rate of
achievement of the performance conditions, defined by the Board
of Directors of February 2023, which apply to the whole of the
performance shares awarded to the beneficiaries on
September 28, 2023 (3).
As in 2022, the Board decided to grant only performance shares to
any beneficiaries, for reasons of simplification and homogenization.
The 2023 annual plans provided that the number of performance
shares definitively awarded would depend on the rate of
achievement of the following targets:
(i) for 50% of the performance shares granted, on the rate of
achievement of a target, set by the Board, comprising the
after-tax Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) recorded at the
end of the 2025 fiscal year.
At the objective set, the grant is 100% and then decreases on
a straight-line basis to a lower limit below which there will be
no award. This lower limit corresponds to a ROCE level which
is 200 basis points less than the objective set, which provides
a degree of flexibility, notably making it possible to take
advantage of external growth opportunities.
The objective was set in line with the ROCE announced by the
Company of greater than or equal to 10%.
The level of recurring ROCE for the aforementioned period
was 11.20%, i.e. an objective achieved at 100%;

(1)
(2)
(3)

(ii) for 40% of the performance shares granted:
– for 50% of the performance shares referred to in subparagraph (ii): an objective of Total Shareholder Return
(“AL TSR”) set by the Board, defined as the average annual
growth rate of an investment in Air Liquide shares,
dividends reinvested, for the 2023, 2024 and 2025 fiscal
years. At the objective set of AL TSR ≥ 6%, the grant of
shares is 100%, and then decreases on a straight-line
basis to +2%,
– this growth, over the aforementioned period, amounted to
13.93% per year, i.e. a target achieved at 100%,
– for 50% of the performance shares referred to in subparagraph (ii): on the rate of Total Shareholder Return from
an investment in Air Liquide shares, dividends reinvested –
source: Bloomberg (“B TSR”), as compared to the CAC 40
TSR index, dividends reinvested (source: Bloomberg) for
the 2023, 2024 and 2025 fiscal years,
– the applicable formula provided that the rate of
achievement of this performance condition was (i) 0% if the
three-year average Air Liquide TSR was lower than the
average CAC 40 TSR, (ii) 50% if the average Air Liquide
TSR was equal to the average CAC 40 TSR, and (iii) 100%
if the average Air Liquide TSR was at least 2% higher than
the average CAC 40 TSR on the basis of a straight-line
change. In the event that performance was lower than the
average CAC 40 TSR, no grant would be made,
– the rate of return for Air Liquide over the aforementioned
period is 13.04%. That of the CAC 40 index over the same
period is 11.76%. This gives the difference between the
average rate of return for Air Liquide and the average rate
of return for the CAC 40 as 1.27%, i.e. an objective
achieved at 81.84%;

For informational purposes.
ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (a).
ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (e).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

151

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

(iii) for 10% of the performance shares granted: on the change in
the Group’s absolute CO2 emissions over the 2023-2025 period
in line with the 2025 objectives for a decrease in 2025 in
accordance with the climate objectives announced by the Group
on March 23, 2021 (ACT for a sustainable future) (1), as follows:
Comparison of the Air Liquide Group’s CO2 emissions for the
year 2025, expressed in millions of tonnes, with those same
emissions for the year 2022, the 2022 basis of comparison
being adjusted to take account of any possible scope impacts
(possible takeovers of existing units at the Group’s customers
or companies, asset or company divestitures) over the
2023-2025 period, on a 12-month pro-forma basis. For the
purposes hereof, the greenhouse gas emissions include direct
emissions (Scope 1) and indirect emissions (Scope 2). These
emissions are accounted for as “market-based” (2).
The rate of achievement was set at 0% if the CO2 emissions in
2025 were more than 1 million tonnes higher than the CO2
emissions in 2022 and 100% if the CO2 emissions in 2025
were less than or equal to 1 million tonnes lower than the CO2
emissions for 2022, thus reflecting the targeted decrease,
based on a straight-line change from 0% to 100% between
each of these limits.
The difference recorded as at December 31, 2025 was
-4,600 million tonnes, i.e. an objective achieved at 100% (3).
Consequently, the Board of Directors recorded that the rate of
achievement of the performance conditions for the September 28,
2023 performance share plans amounts to 96.37%.

2.1.3. PENSION PLANS
AND TERMINATION BENEFITS
A. Pension plans
Mr François Jackow benefits, in addition to the mandatory basic and
supplementary pension plans (Agirc-Arrco) to which he is, or has
been, affiliated, from various supplementary pension plans set up by
L’Air Liquide S.A.

1. Mandatory company retirement savings plan
(PERO)
Mr François Jackow continued to benefit in 2025 from the
supplementary defined-contribution pension plan (from which he
benefited previously as an employee, then as Chief Executive
Officer from his appointment in 2022) applicable to all employees
and Company Officers duly authorized to benefit from that plan.
This plan is financed by contributions paid equally by the
employer and the beneficiary on the portion of remuneration not
exceeding eight times the annual social security limit (PASS).
These contributions are assessed on bracket 1 (e.g. bracket A)
(the portion of remuneration that is less than one PASS) at a rate
of 2.30%, and on bracket 2 (e.g. brackets B and C) (those
portions of remuneration amounting, respectively, to between one
PASS and eight times the PASS) at a rate of 6.45%, and are
distributed in the following manner: 50% borne by the Company
and 50% borne by the beneficiary.
Furthermore, they are deductible from the corporate income tax
base, are subject to the social levy at the rate of 16%, and are
excluded from the basis for assessment of the social security
contributions, within the limit of the higher of the following two
values: 5% of the PASS or 5% of the remuneration taken into
account within the limit of five times the PASS.

(1)
(2)

(3)

152

For information purposes, the contributions paid by the Company
in 2025 to the third party responsible for managing the
aforementioned supplementary defined contribution pension plan,
in favor of Mr François Jackow, amounted to 11,174 euros.
Mr François Jackow’s pension entitlements under this plan:
■ may be applied for, at the earliest, when he has claimed his
pension entitlements under the French general social
security scheme;
■ are estimated, as at December 31, 2025 at 21,908 euros gross
per year. This amount takes into account the contributions paid
by the Company for the benefit of Mr François Jackow in his
capacity as an employee and then as Chief Executive Officer.

2. “Senior executive” defined contribution
pension plan
Pursuant to articles L. 911-1 and L. 911-2 of the French Social
Security Code, and in accordance with article L. 242-1,
paragraphs 6 and 7 of the same Code, L’Air Liquide S.A. set up a
defined contribution pension plan for the benefit of the senior
executives, defined by reference to a collective bargaining
agreement coefficient, and of corporate officers who have at least
one year’s length of service.
In 2025, Mr François Jackow continued to benefit from this
defined contribution pension plan (from which he had already
benefited as a senior executive, then as Chief Executive Officer
since 2022).
For information purposes, the contributions paid by the Company
in 2025 in favor of Mr François Jackow amounted to
10,174 euros.
Mr François Jackow’s pension entitlements under this defined
contribution plan implemented for the benefit of senior executives:
■ may be applied for, at the earliest, when he has claimed his
pension entitlements under the French general social
security scheme;
■ are financed by annual contributions paid in their entirety by
the Company. These contributions were set at 2.7% of the
portion of remuneration that is lower than eight times the
PASS. Furthermore, they are subject to the same tax and
social security treatment as those paid under the PERO set up
for the benefit of all the staff (see above);
■ are estimated, as at December 31, 2025 at 36,938 euros gross
per year.

3. Collective pension insurance contract
with individual and optional subscription
In 2025, Mr François Jackow continued to benefit from a collective
pension insurance contract with individual and optional subscription
(known as “article 82 of the French Tax Code”) for the portion of his
Reference remuneration (fixed portion + target variable portion)
exceeding eight PASS. This collective pension insurance contract
replaces the supplementary pension plan applicable under certain
conditions to the Group’s senior executives but not applicable to
corporate officers, and from which Mr François Jackow benefited
prior to his appointment as Chief Executive Officer.
Application of this mechanism to the Chief Executive Officer was
determined taking into account the overall balance of his
remuneration and the market conditions, and for the Company
represents, for the same efficiency for the beneficiary, a 31% lower
cost to the Company than that which would result from
implementing a new supplementary pension plan with defined
vested benefits under article L. 137-11-2 of the French Social
Security Code.

ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (b), ESRS E1 GOV-3 § 13 and ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 27.
See definition of scopes and methodology for calculating scopes in paragraph 2.2. of the Sustainability Statement of this Universal Registration Document –
pages 304 to 324.
I.e. 10% of the actual remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer, in respect of the allocation of LTI 2023, related to climate considerations (ESRS E1 GOV-3 § 13).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

In this scheme, the amount paid by the Company is split between a
payment to the insurer and a payment to Mr François Jackow
intended to cover the social security contributions and taxes due on
the payments made to the insurer. This amount is paid in arrears
every year after recording the performance conditions associated
with this pension plan, for the period until the end of the executive
office. These contributions are deductible from the corporate
income tax base and are subject to social security contributions.
Mr François Jackow cannot apply for the entitlements under this
pension insurance contract in the form of capital and/or life annuity
before the age at which he becomes entitled to claim his pension
entitlements under the French general social security scheme.

This supplementary pension plan for the fraction of remuneration
exceeding eight PASS is entirely subject to performance
conditions. The gross annual amount of payments is approximately
14.16% of the target annual fixed and variable remuneration for
2025, subject to the achievement of performance conditions: the
total amount to be paid in respect of a fiscal year depends on the
average annual difference (measured on each fiscal year) between
the after-tax Return on Capital Employed (ROCE (1)) and the
Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC) (measured on the basis
of the book value of equity), calculated (on the basis of the
Consolidated Financial Statements certified and approved by the
General Meeting) over the last three fiscal years preceding the said
fiscal year.

The performance coefficient applied to the nominal amount pursuant to the collective pension insurance contract will be determined as
shown in the table below, with a growth of the increase per linear segments between each of the thresholds between 100 bps and 300 bps
inclusive:
Average of the annual gaps (ROCE – WACC) over three years in bps (a)

Performance coefficient applied
to the nominal amount

≥ 300

100%

250

66%

200

50%

100

25%

< 100

0%

(a) bps: basis points.

Compliance with the conditions set forth above is verified on an
annual basis, before the Ordinary General Meeting convened to
approve the financial statements for the last completed fiscal year,
by the Board of Directors.
In respect of 2025, the Board of Directors on February 19, 2026
took note of the 100% achievement of the performance conditions.
Accordingly, the amount to be paid in 2026 in respect of fiscal year
2025 under the pension scheme with individual and optional
subscription, will amount overall to 377,058 euros (split, in
accordance with the remuneration policy approved by the General
Meeting of May 6, 2025, between a payment of 188,529 euros
(gross) to the insurer in the form of an insurance premium, and a
payment of 188,529 euros (gross) to Mr François Jackow intended
to cover the social security contributions and taxes due on the
payments made to the insurer).
Consequently, in respect of this fiscal year, as part of the collective
pension insurance contract with individual and optional subscription:
■ the total amount paid corresponds to around 14.16% of the
target annual fixed and variable remuneration for 2025;
■ in the event of a conversion of the capital paid to the insurer
into a life annuity, Mr François Jackow’s rights under this
scheme are estimated, as at December 31, 2025, and
including the payment to be made in 2026 in respect of the
2025 fiscal year, at 25,972 euros gross per year.

B. Termination indemnities
The benefits related to the termination of duties granted to
Mr François Jackow since his appointment as Chief Executive
Officer on June 1, 2022, continued in the 2025 fiscal year.

1. Termination indemnity
Mr François Jackow, who unilaterally terminated his employment
contract as of his appointment as Chief Executive Officer, benefits
from a termination indemnity, subject to very strict
triggering conditions.
The main terms of the termination indemnity applicable to
Mr François Jackow are as follows:
■ only the cases of forced departure of Mr François Jackow from
his term of office as Chief Executive Officer (removal from
office, request for resignation) related to a change of strategy
or a change in control (in the latter case, the termination
indemnity is due, if the departure occurs within six months of
the change of control) may give rise to an indemnity;
■ the amount of the indemnity in any of these cases is set at 24
months of annual gross fixed and variable remuneration
actually paid (24 months of fixed remuneration + last two
annual variable remuneration amounts actually paid) on the
date of termination of his duties (subject to the exceptions
described below and in paragraph B.2) ;
■ the amount of the indemnity due decreases gradually as
Mr François Jackow, in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer,
approaches the age limit defined in the Company’s articles of
association; in the event of a forced departure in the 24
months preceding the date of departure due to the age limit set
by the articles of association, the amount of the indemnity due
will be capped at the number of months’ gross remuneration
separating the date of forced departure from the date when he
reaches such age limit; in any event, no indemnity shall be
paid should the beneficiary claim his pension entitlements on
the date of his forced departure;
■ the right to payment of the indemnity is subject to the
achievement of the performance conditions, the proportion of
the indemnity due decreasing depending on the rate of
achievement of such conditions (see below for details of the
performance conditions).

(1)

In application of the policy approved by the General Meeting of May 6, 2025, this is the recurring ROCE “excluding major acquisitions”, i.e. acquisitions
representing more than 5% of capital employed.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

153

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Performance conditions applicable
to the termination indemnity
The payment of the termination indemnity concerning Mr François
Jackow is subject to compliance, duly acknowledged by the Board
of Directors at the time of or subsequent to the termination of his
duties, with conditions related to the beneficiary’s performance
assessed in light of the Company’s performance, defined as of
today as follows:
Entitlement to the indemnity referred to above shall depend on, and
the amount of the indemnity paid will be adjusted on the basis of,
the average of the annual gap (measured on each fiscal year)

between the Return on Capital Employed after tax (ROCE) and the
Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC) (measured on the basis
of the book value of equity), calculated (on the basis of the certified
Consolidated Financial Statements, approved by the General
Meeting) with respect to the last three fiscal years prior to the fiscal
year during which the departure occurs.
Given the fundamental importance, in the highly capital-intensive
industrial gas industry, of the management and control of
investment processes, this gap makes it possible to measure the
regular creation of value over the three years prior to the departure.

The proportion of the indemnity due will be established as indicated in the table below, with an increase in the indemnity by straight-line
segments between each of the thresholds between 100 bps and 300 bps inclusive:
Average of the annual gaps (ROCE – WACC) over three years in bps (a)

Proportion of indemnity due

≥ 300

100%

250

66%

200

50%

100

25%

< 100

0%

(a) bps: basis points.

2. Indemnity relating
to a non-competition commitment
As Chief Executive Officer, Mr François Jackow benefits from a
non-competition indemnity in exchange for his commitment not to
serve, directly or indirectly, a business competing with that of the
Group, for a period of two years from the date of termination of his
term of office.
This mechanism was put in place in 2022, when Mr François
Jackow was appointed Chief Executive Officer, in order to protect
the Company’s legitimate interests.
The amount of this indemnity, payable monthly, would be equal to
one year of gross annual fixed and variable remuneration
received by the Chief Executive Officer (excluding sums received
in respect of long-term variable remuneration), wherein the
aggregated termination indemnity and non-competition
indemnity are capped at 24 months of annual gross fixed and
variable remuneration paid to the Chief Executive Officer on the
date on which he ends his term of office.

154

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Payment of the non-competition indemnity shall not apply from the
moment the Chief Executive Officer exercises his pension
entitlements. In any event, no indemnity shall be paid beyond age 65.
The Board of Directors reserves the right to fully or partially
waive the non-competition commitment upon the departure of
the Chief Executive Officer, in which case no indemnity will be owed.

3. Unemployment insurance for company managers
and corporate officers
As a Company Officer and in view of the fact that he decided to
terminate his employment contract as from his appointment as
Chief Executive Officer, Mr François Jackow benefits from the
unemployment insurance for company managers and corporate
officers taken out by the Company.
The contributions paid by the Company under this scheme are
included in Mr François Jackow’s remuneration as benefits in kind.

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

TABLE 8. (SEE PAGE 182), TABLE 9 (SEE PAGE 183) AND TABLE 10 (SEE PAGE 185)
TABLE 11.
The table shown below presents a summary of the indemnities relating to the termination of the duties of the Executive Officer, as set out
above.

Executive Officer

François Jackow
Chief Executive
Officer
Start date of term
of office: 2022
End date of term
of office:
May 2026

N.B.:

Employment
contract

NO

Supplementary
pension plan
(see details above)

Collective pension insurance
contract with individual and
optional subscription: YES
Mandatory company
retirement savings plan
(former defined contribution
pension plan): YES
Defined contribution pension
plan for senior management
and managers: YES

Indemnities or benefits
due or that may be due
on termination
or a change of duties
(see details above)

Indemnity relating
to a non-competition clause

Termination indemnity: YES

YES
■ Applicable in the event of ■ Amount equal to one year
of gross annual fixed
a forced departure related
and variable
to a change of strategy
remuneration;
or control;
■ Cumulative termination
■ Maximum amount
indemnity and
of 24 months of gross
non-competition
fixed and variable
indemnity capped
remuneration;
at 24 months of gross
■ Subject to performance
annual fixed and variable
conditions;
remuneration at the dates
■ Reduction as he
of termination of duties;
approaches the age limit ■ Exclusion if the person
in the articles of
concerned claims his/her
association, exclusion
pension rights.
if the beneficiary claims
No indemnity may be paid
his pension entitlements
beyond the age of 65;
on the date of forced
■ The Board of Directors
departure.
reserves the right
to waive all or part
of the non-competition
commitment upon
the departure of the Chief
Executive Officer.

The stock options and the performance shares are lost in the event of a resignation or removal from office for serious cause during the vesting period.
In other cases of departure, the proration principle applies depending on the Executive Officer’s actual presence in the Group during the period
of assessment of the performance conditions (see page 149).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

155

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

2.2. REMUNERATION OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The gross annual remuneration before tax of the Chairman of the Board of Directors (1), including benefits in kind, is indicated in Table 2 below:

TABLE 2. SUMMARY OF THE REMUNERATION OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
For information, reminder
of previous years:

2025

2024
(in thousands of euros, rounded off)

Amounts
awarded

Amounts
paid

Amounts
awarded

Amounts
paid

800

800

800

800

—
3

—
—
3

—
—
3

—
—
3

803

803

803

803

Benoît Potier – Chairman of the Board of Directors (a)

Fixed remuneration
including remuneration in respect of his term of office
as Director
Annual variable remuneration
Benefits in kind
TOTAL

—

(a) During the 2025 fiscal year, the Company also paid contributions to external organizations for the benefit of Mr Benoît Potier (in his capacity as Chairman of the
Board of Directors) in respect of the collective death and disability benefits plan (death benefits) (10,128 euros). This plan is detailed below.

Pursuant to the provisions of the AFEP/MEDEF Code (article 26-2)
and in accordance with the policy approved by the General
Meeting of May 6, 2025, the Chairman under the separate
governance mode was awarded only fixed remuneration, excluding
any variable remuneration, LTI or any exceptional remuneration.

2.2.1. Fixed remuneration
The fixed remuneration takes into account in particular the
specific role of the Chairman of the Board of Directors in the
context of managerial succession and the missions that the Board
of Directors wished to entrust to Mr Benoît Potier for the duration
of the transition in order to benefit from his experience, in-depth
knowledge of the Group and its businesses, its Shareholders and
stakeholders and its strategic challenges.
The amount of the 2025 annual fixed remuneration for Mr Benoît
Potier amounts to 800,000 euros.

2.2.2. Other components
of annual remuneration
Mr Benoît Potier exercised his rights to a mandatory pension as
from the end of his duties as Chief Executive Officer in 2022, as
well as his vested rights under the various supplementary pension
schemes set up within the Company. Moreover, no payments
were made by the Company in 2025 either under the collective
pension insurance contract with individual and optional
subscription, or under the life insurance contract (the last
remaining payments were made in 2023).

Death and disability benefits plan
In 2025, Mr Benoît Potier continued to benefit from the
supplementary “incapacity, invalidity, death” benefits plan, unified
as from January 1, 2015, covering all personnel and corporate
officers who are duly authorized to benefit from such scheme,
solely for the death benefit component. This system was
incorporated into the 2025 remuneration policy for the Chairman
of the Board of Directors by decision of the Board of Directors of
February 2025, which was approved by the General Meeting of
May 2025 (12th resolution).

(1)

156

This unified pension plan provides, in particular, for life insurance:
■ the granting to beneficiaries of a death benefit, the maximum
amount of which is set at 120 times the PASS in the event of
an accident.
The life insurance contract entered into with the insurer specifies
the limits of the benefits for the same insured party:
■ full coverage by the Company of contributions calculated as a
percentage of the Reference Remuneration, which is capped
at 24 times the PASS for the death benefit.
The contribution rate for 2025 amounts to 1.28% of the Reference
Remuneration up to 16 PASS and to 1.03% between 16 and 24
PASS. These contributions are deductible from the corporate
income tax base, are subject to the social levy at a rate of 8%,
and are excluded from the basis for assessment of the social
security contributions, within the limit of an amount equal to the
sum of 6% of the PASS and 1.5% of the remuneration taken into
account within the limit of 12% of the PASS.
The contribution paid by L’Air Liquide S.A. in 2025 in respect of
the death and disability benefits plan (death benefits) for
Mr Benoît Potier amounted to 10,128 euros and this amount is
also disclosed in the notes to Table 2 above.

Benefits in kind
The Chairman of the Board of Directors has a company car
as a benefit in kind.

2.2.3. Options and performance shares
previously granted to Mr Benoît Potier
in respect of his previous term of office
as Chairman and CEO
Pursuant to the provisions of the AFEP/MEDEF Code, due to the
end of his term of office as Chairman and CEO in 2022,
Mr Benoît Potier no longer benefits from LTI allocations.
Mr Benoît Potier remains subject to the shareholding and share
ownership obligations for shares and options resulting from plans
prior to 2022, awarded to him in his previous capacity as Chairman
and CEO, and remains bound by the other rules applicable to
Company Officers relating in particular to hedging transactions.

The Chairman of the Board of Directors does not receive any remuneration from Group companies other than L’Air Liquide S.A.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Shareholding obligation pursuant
to the French Commercial Code
The shareholding obligations defined by the Board of Directors in
accordance with articles L. 225-185 and L. 225-197-1 of the
French Commercial Code continue to apply to Mr Benoît Potier,
for subscription options and performance shares granted to him in
respect of his previous term of office as Chairman and CEO from
September 28, 2015 until the 2021 performance share plan.
Furthermore, the previous obligations to hold shares resulting
from the exercise of stock options, decided by the Board of
Directors on May 9, 2007, which apply with effect from the grant
of stock options on May 9, 2007 for Mr Benoît Potier, remain in
force with regard to the relevant stock option plans, up until the
September 22, 2014 stock option plan inclusive.
The application of this rule was reported to the Board of Directors
on February 19, 2026.

Additional share ownership obligation –
Recommendation made by the AFEP/MEDEF Code
Mr Benoît Potier also continues to be subject to the shareholding
rule defined by the Board of Directors for Company Officers, in
accordance with an internal regulation defined by the Board of
February 15, 2022, extending the rule established by the Board
since 2008, according to which the Chairman of the Board of

Directors must hold in registered form a number of shares
equivalent to twice his gross annual fixed remuneration. This
obligation will remain in force until it is exceeded by the effect of the
rules resulting from the French Commercial Code. The number of
shares required to be held is assessed as at January 1 and July 1
of each year. The Board noted that the valuation of the shares held
by Mr Benoît Potier as at January 1 and July 1, 2025 was much
greater than the amount required and concluded that the
shareholding obligation was complied with by the Company Officer.

Other rules applicable to Company Officers
■ Restriction on the exercise of stock options and the divestiture
of performance shares during the “black-out periods” prior to the
publication of the financial statements. These abstention periods
open 30 days before the announcement of the annual and halfyear consolidated results and 15 calendar days prior to the
publication of the quarterly financial information. They end on
the date of publication of the information at close of business.
■ Commitment not to carry out hedging transactions with regard to
the risk concerning the performance shares awarded/shares
arising from the exercise of options, throughout the length of their
term of office. Mr Benoît Potier remains bound by this
commitment for the subscription options and performance shares
granted to him under his previous term of office as Chairman and
CEO, i.e. until the 2021 performance share plan inclusive.

TABLE 6. PERFORMANCE SHARES GRANTED DURING THE 2025 FISCAL YEAR TO THE CHAIRMAN
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Not applicable (no performance shares granted in 2025).

Options exercised/remaining to be exercised in 2025 by the Chairman of the Board of Directors –
Performance shares that became available in 2025
TABLE 4. OPTIONS GRANTED DURING THE FISCAL YEAR TO THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Not applicable (no stock options granted in 2025).

TABLE 5. STOCK OPTIONS EXERCISED DURING THE 2025 FISCAL YEAR BY THE CHAIRMAN
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Benoît Potier

Grant date
of the plan

Number of options exercised
during the fiscal year

Exercise price (a)
(in euros)

9/28/2015

87,729

69.12

(a) Exercise price on the date of exercise.

TOTAL ADJUSTED OPTIONS REMAINING TO BE EXERCISED BY THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AS AT DECEMBER 31, 2025

Benoît Potier

Total number of outstanding
adjusted options

Average price
(in euros)

139,521

68.53

For more details on the adjusted number of stock options by plan, see table page 183.

TABLE 8. (SEE PAGE 182) AND TABLE 10 (SEE PAGE 185) (1)

(1)

For informational purposes.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

157

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

2.3. REMUNERATION RATIOS – ANNUAL
CHANGE IN REMUNERATION,
PERFORMANCE AND RATIOS
Pursuant to article L. 22-10-9 of the French Commercial Code, the
ratios between the level of remuneration of the Chief Executive
Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors (and of the Chairman
and CEO for the period of exercise of this mandate) and the
average and median remunerations (1) of L’Air Liquide S.A.’s
employees are disclosed below, as well as, where applicable, their
annual change and the change in the Company’s performances
and in the average remuneration of the Company’s employees over
the five most recent fiscal years. To take into account the
comments of certain investors along with the AMF and the Haut

Comité de gouvernement d’entreprise (French High Committee on
corporate governance), the following table includes a comparison
(since the 2021 Universal Registration Document) with the “whole
of France” consolidated scope. This scope represents more than
95% of the employees present in France.
It should be noted that in order to comply with the spirit of the AFEP
guidelines, to allow a relevant comparison with employees, and
ensure continuity in the information communicated in successive
Universal Registration Documents, the remuneration in respect of
the 2022 fiscal year of the Chairman and CEO (who held these
positions until May 31, 2022), as well as of the Chief Executive
Officer and the Chairman of the Board of Directors (who held these
positions from June 1, 2022) have been annualized.

REMUNERATION RATIOS (a)
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
(Benoît Potier, from May 10, 2006 to May 31, 2022)
Remuneration ratio compared to the Company
employee average (d)
N/N-1 change in %
Remuneration ratio compared to the Company
employee median (d)
N/N-1 change in %
Remuneration ratio compared to the Group employee
average in France (e)
N/N-1 change in %
Chief Executive Officer
(François Jackow)
Remuneration ratio compared to the Company
employee average (d)
N/N-1 change in %

2022 (b) (c)

2023

2024

2025

40

29

N/A

N/A

N/A

-1.4%

-27.1%

N/A

N/A

N/A

58

42

N/A

N/A

N/A

0.4%

-26.3%

N/A

N/A

N/A

2021 (b)

77

59

N/A

N/A

N/A

1.7%

-24.2%

N/A

N/A

N/A

2021

2022 (c) (f)

2023

2024 (g)

2025 (h)

N/A

34

32

33

33

N/A

N/A

-5.2%

5.0%

-1.6%

Remuneration ratio compared to the Company
employee median (d)

N/A

50

45

49

46

N/N-1 change in %

N/A

N/A

-9.1%

8.3%

-5.0%

Remuneration ratio compared to the Group employee
average in France (e)

N/A

68

64

66

61

N/N-1 change in %

N/A

N/A

-7.1%

3.7%

-7.1%

2021

2022 (c)

2023

2024 (g)

2025 (h)

Chairman of the Board of Directors
(Benoît Potier)
Remuneration ratio compared to the Company
employee average (d)
N/N-1 change in %

N/A

6

6

6

6

N/A

N/A

—%

-4.0%

1.9%

Remuneration ratio compared to the Company
employee median (d)

N/A

9

9

8

8

N/N-1 change in %

N/A

N/A

—%

-0.9%

-1.7%

Remuneration ratio compared to the Group employee
average in France (e)

N/A

13

12

11

11

N/N-1 change in %

N/A

N/A

-7.7%

-5.1%

-3.9%

(a) Per the AFEP guidelines, the remuneration is presented in respect of the year in question.
The remuneration taken into account includes:
For Company Officers and employees:
Base salary, variable remuneration in respect of the year (paid in year N+1), benefits in kind, attribution of performance shares/stock options valued in
accordance with IFRS at their attribution date. For the Company Officers, these elements and the corresponding amounts due or awarded in respect of 2025
are contained on pages 162 to 167 and 171 of the Universal Registration Document.
The following items are excluded from the remuneration:
For employees:
Individual bonuses (seniority bonuses, study bursary, vacation, accommodation, transportation, etc.), profit-sharing bonus, incentives, and employer’s
contribution on profit-sharing/incentives.
For Company Officers and employees, post-employment benefits, and notably the pension and similar commitments have not been taken into account in the
calculations. For the Chief Executive Officer, these elements are presented on pages 168 to 170. The only amount that will be paid directly to Mr François
Jackow in 2026 in respect of 2025 relates to the collective pension insurance contract. This amount stands at 188,529 euros and is intended to cover the social
security contributions and taxes due on the payments made to the insurer pursuant to the collective pension insurance contract. Taking this amount into
consideration, the ratios for 2025 for the Company amount to 35 (remuneration ratio compared to the employee average) and 49 (remuneration ratio compared
to the employee median), and to 67 for the whole of France scope (remuneration ratio compared to the employee average in France), i.e. a low impact.

(1)

158

On a full-time equivalent basis.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

(b) The ratios are presented after taking into account the proration of LTI grants under the 2020 and 2021 plans for Mr Benoît Potier and the absence of grant for
Mr Benoît Potier since 2022 (year of departure).
(c) On an annual basis.
(d) L’Air Liquide S.A. is the listed company, which has more than 1,000 employees (Head Office, R&D, Innovation, and European Projects). The calculation takes
into account employees continuously in post over two consecutive years from 2021 to 2025.
(e) The scope of the Group in France represents more than 95% of the Group’s employees present in France (representing more than 11,000 employees). The
calculation takes into account employees continuously in post over two consecutive years from 2021 to 2025.
(f) Allocation of LTI to the Chief Executive Officer on an annualized basis in 2022.
(g) The data for 2024, which had been presented as an estimate, based on the nominal/target variable component in the 2024 Universal Registration Document,
has been updated.
(h) The data for 2025 is presented as an estimate, based on the nominal/target variable component (value of variable components in respect of 2025 not known for
the entire scope of the Company at the date of publication). The final ratios based on the variable remunerations paid in respect of 2025 will be published in the
2026 Universal Registration Document.

COMPARATIVE CHANGES IN REMUNERATION (1) AND PERFORMANCES
CAGR (e) 5 years
2022/2021

2023/2022

2024/2023
(b) (c)

2025/2024 (b) (c)

N/A

N/A

-5.6%

6.0%

-3.4%

N/A

N/A

N/A

0.0%

0.0%

0.0%

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

0.0%

3.0%

-1.8%

3.5%

2021/2020
Chief Executive
Officer
Chairman of the Board
of Directors
Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer
Company employee
average

(a)

-0.4% (g)

-22.0%

1.9%

6.9%

(a) (b)

(g)

2020-2025 (b) (c)

CAGR (e) 5 years
Published growth
in revenue
Comparable growth
in revenue (d)

2021/2020

2022/2021

2023/2022

2024/2023

2025/2024

2020-2025

13.9%

28.3%

-7.8%

-2.0%

-0.4%

5.6%

8.2%

7.0%

3.7%

2.6%

2.0%

N/A

Published growth
in net profit
(Group share)

5.6%

7.3%

11.6%

7.4%

6.4%

7.6%

Growth in net profit
recurring
(Group share) (f)

9.9%

22.9%

5.0%

4.4%

6.2%

9.5%

(a) On an annual basis for 2022.
(b) The data for 2024, which had been presented as an estimate, based on the nominal/target variable component in the 2024 Universal Registration Document,
has been updated.
(c) The data for 2025 is presented as an estimate, based on the nominal/target variable component (value of variable components in respect of 2025 not known for
the entire scope of the Company at the date of publication).
(d) See page 64 of this 2025 Universal Registration Document.
(e) CAGR: Compound Annual Growth Rate.
(f) See page 62 of this 2025 Universal Registration Document and reconciliations respectively on page 57 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, page 58
of the 2021 Universal Registration Document, page 62 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document, page 62 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document and
page 64 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document.
(g) The ratios are presented after taking into account the proration of LTI grants under the 2020 and 2021 plans for Mr Benoît Potier and the absence of grant for
Mr Benoît Potier since 2022 (year of departure).

(1)

See definition on the preceding page.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

159

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

3. Remuneration of the non-executive Directors
(including information mentioned in article L. 22-10-9 I
of the French Commercial Code)
The remuneration referred to below is paid to the non-executive Directors pursuant to article L. 22-10-14 of the French Commercial Code.
Remuneration of non-Executive Directors in respect of the 2025 fiscal year was calculated according to the remuneration policy approved
by the General Meeting on May 6, 2025 (14th resolution) and outlined in the 2024 Universal Registration Document (see pages 180 in
respect of these Directors).

3.1. REMUNERATION IN RESPECT OF 2023, 2024 AND 2025
TABLE 3. REMUNERATION RECEIVED BY THE GROUP’S NON-EXECUTIVE AND NON-EMPLOYEE CORPORATE OFFICERS
(in euros)
Siân Herbert-Jones (a) (b)

Annette Winkler (c)

Geneviève Berger (b)

Xavier Huillard (d)

Kim Ann Mink

Bertrand Dumazy

Aiman Ezzat

Monica de Virgiliis (e)

Catherine Guillouard (f) (g)

Christina Law (f)

Alexis Perakis-Valat (f) (h)

Michael H. Thaman (f)

(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)
(f)
(g)
(h)

160

Amounts paid in 2025
in respect of 2024

Amounts paid in 2026
in respect of 2025
—

Total

28,333

—

% fixed remuneration

46

—

—

% variable remuneration

54

—

—

Total

130,500

145,500

137,500

% fixed remuneration

31

27

29

% variable remuneration

69

73

71

Total

29,833

—

—

% fixed remuneration

28

—

—

% variable remuneration

72

—

—

Total

122,500

122,500

123,500

% fixed remuneration

49

49

49

% variable remuneration

51

51

51

Total

101,000

111,000

81,000
25

% fixed remuneration

20

18

% variable remuneration

80

82

75

Total

83,500

97,000

98,000
20

% fixed remuneration

24

21

% variable remuneration

76

79

80

Total

70,000

73,500

84,500
24

% fixed remuneration

29

27

% variable remuneration

71

73

76

Total

49,333

74,500

80,000
25

% fixed remuneration

37

27

% variable remuneration

63

73

75

Total

57,333

99,000

104,500
38

% fixed remuneration

49

40

% variable remuneration

51

60

62

Total

59,833

97,500

105,500
19

% fixed remuneration

22

21

% variable remuneration

78

79

81

Total

29,833

47,500

68,667
39

% fixed remuneration

45

42

% variable remuneration

55

58

61

Total

59,833

87,500

101,000

% fixed remuneration

22

23

20

% variable remuneration

78

77

80

822,331

955,500

984,167

TOTAL
(a)

Amounts paid in 2024
in respect of 2023

The indicated amounts include additional remuneration of 20,000 euros for acting as Chair of the Audit and Accounts Committee (calculated pro rata for the period January
to May 2023).
Term of office ended on May 3, 2023.
The indicated amounts include additional remuneration of 20,000 euros for acting as Chair of the Environment and Society Committee since May 2020.
The indicated amounts include additional remuneration of 20,000 euros for acting as Chair of the Appointments and Governance Committee and additional remuneration
of 20,000 euros for acting as Lead Director since May 2022.
Term of office started on February 15, 2023 following the co-option by the Board of Directors.
Term of office started on May 3, 2023.
The indicated amounts include additional remuneration of 20,000 euros for acting as Chair of the Audit and Accounts Committee (calculated pro rata for the period
May to December 2023).
The indicated amounts include additional remuneration of 20,000 euros for acting as Chair of the Remuneration Committee (calculated pro rata for the period
May to December 2025).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

The non-executive Directors did not receive any remuneration
other than that mentioned in the above table.
In accordance with the remuneration policy last approved by the
General Meeting of May 6, 2025, the Chief Executive Officer and
the Chairman of the Board of Directors did not receive any
remuneration in respect of their office as Directors.

the actual participation of each Director in the work of the Board
and its Committees/working group, as well as a fixed amount per
trip for Directors traveling from abroad. The variable remuneration
for participation at the Board and Committee meetings is more
important than the fixed remuneration.

Within the scope of the agreement entered into with the various
stakeholders and pursuant to the provisions in force at the Group,
which apply to all employees who serve on the Boards of
Directors of Group companies, it was agreed that the employee
Directors would not receive any remuneration in respect of their
office as Directors (1).

Remote participation in meetings is remunerated in the same way
as face-to-face attendance in order to take into account the quality
of the means of communication which allows members connecting
by videoconference to participate in meetings and take part in
discussions under qualitative conditions equivalent to physical
meetings. While it does not alter the preference of the Board and
its members to attend meetings in person where possible, it
recognizes the advances in communication technologies.

3.2. CRITERIA

For 2025, the amounts used break down as follows:

The maximum amount of the sum to be allocated in total to the
members of the Board of Directors was set by the General
Meeting on April 30, 2024 at 1.5 million euros per fiscal year
(14th resolution).

3.2.1. Fixed remuneration
(for an entire fiscal year)

As per the remuneration policy approved by the General Meeting
on May 6, 2025, the formula for allocating Directors’ remuneration
seeks to ensure pay is competitive with international peers to
attract the best and most suitable talent and expertise, in
accordance with the Board’s diversity policy.

■ The Chairs of the Audit and Accounts Committee, the
Appointments and Governance Committee, the Remuneration
Committee and the Environment and Society Committee
receive additional annual fixed remuneration of 20,000 euros.

It comprises fixed remuneration and variable remuneration based
on lump-sum amounts per meeting, thereby taking into account

■ Each member receives annual fixed remuneration set
at 20,000 euros.

■ The Lead Director receives
remuneration of 20,000 euros.

additional

annual

fixed

3.2.2. Variable remuneration
Attendance at the various meetings is remunerated as follows:
■ a meeting of the Board of Directors

5,500 euros

■ a meeting of the Audit and Accounts Committee

4,500 euros

■ a meeting of the Appointments and Governance Committee

4,500 euros

■ a meeting of the Remuneration Committee

4,500 euros

■ a meeting of the Environment and Society Committee

4,500 euros

■ a joint session of the Audit Committee and the Environment and Society Committee

4,500 euros

■ a meeting of the “Shareholder Relations” Working Group

3,500 euros

■ one trip for a non-resident:
– in Europe

3,000 euros

– Intercontinental

10,000 euros

Travel expenses incurred by non-French residents at the time of their trips to meetings are reimbursed by the Company.

(1)

Mr Philippe Dubrulle received remuneration pursuant to his employment contract with Air Liquide Advanced Technologies. Ms Fatima Tighlaline received
remuneration pursuant to her employment contract with L'Air Liquide S.A.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

161

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

4. Elements of the 2025 remuneration of the Company
Officers on which the General Meeting of May 6, 2025
is invited to vote (pursuant to article L. 22-10-34 II
of the French Commercial Code)
4.1. ELEMENTS OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REMUNERATION FOR 2025
ELEMENTS OF THE TOTAL REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS OF ANY KIND PAID DURING OR AWARDED IN RESPECT
OF THE 2025 FISCAL YEAR TO MR FRANÇOIS JACKOW AND ON WHICH THE GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 5, 2026
IS INVITED TO VOTE:
Amounts in respect
of the past fiscal
year or accounting
valuation

Fixed
remuneration

€ 1,210,000

Annual variable
remuneration

€ 1,439,900

Comments

The fixed remuneration for 2025, determined on the basis of the level of responsibility,
experience in General Management duties and market practices, amounts to 1,210,000 euros.
Variable remuneration in respect of 2025:
The target variable remuneration is equal to 120% of the fixed remuneration.
The variable remuneration is limited to 150% of the fixed remuneration.
The target variable remuneration is linked in 2025:
■ for 84% of the fixed remuneration (with a maximum of 105% of the fixed remuneration), to
two quantifiable financial criteria which are based on: (i) for 60% (a max. of 75%) of the
fixed remuneration, an objective of an increase in recurring net earnings (a) excluding foreign
exchange impact per share (hereinafter the “recurring EPS”); (ii) for 24% (a max. of 30%) of
the fixed remuneration, an objective of comparable growth in consolidated revenue (b).
For each criterion, the Board of Directors had defined a target objective. The target
objectives were exacting and were completely consistent with the trajectory of the main
objectives of the Company program.
A formula adopted by the Board makes it possible to calculate the amount of the variable
remuneration due (within a maximum limit) by taking into account, on the basis of the
Consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year, the value achieved for the criterion
as compared to the target objective set.
The achievement of each performance condition is assessed without any set-off
between criteria.
The objectives are not made public for confidentiality reasons. Nevertheless, the rate of
achievement of each objective for the variable remuneration (as a percentage of the
fixed remuneration and as a percentage of the target variable remuneration allocated to
that criterion) is communicated hereafter;
■ for 36% of the fixed portion (with a maximum of 45%), to qualitative personal criteria
related: (i) for one third, to Corporate Social Responsibility (hereinafter “CSR”) (Safety
and reliability: continue efforts to improve safety (frequency rate of accidents with lost
time, road accidents and job-related accidents)/Rollout of action plans related to the
Group’s sustainability objectives; progress made on the various key indicators and
alignment with the 2025 trajectory linked to these objectives); (ii) for one third, to the
Organization/Human Resources (talent development, managerial succession plans,
organizing and implementing the Group’s transformation program); (iii) for one third, to
individual performance (this criterion responds to the Board of Directors’ desire to keep a
part of the variable remuneration subject to the Board’s assessment, in order to take
account of the unpredictability of the environment. This may be beneficial to the
Executive Officer, if the Company is facing an unfavorable environment which was not
anticipated at the time the objectives were set, or disadvantageous if the environment
ultimately turns out to be more favorable than anticipated.)

(a) Excluding significant and exceptional transactions that do not impact the operating income recurring. The calculation is based on the 2025 recurring net profit
(Group share) excluding the foreign exchange impact (compared to 2024).
(b) Excluding significant scope impact, foreign exchange impact and energy.

162

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Amounts in respect
of the past fiscal
year or accounting
valuation

Comments

Assessment for 2025:
The quantifiable criteria objectives were achieved at 88%.
The amount of the variable remuneration relating to the financial criteria is as follows:
■ Recurring EPS: 74.0% of the fixed remuneration, representing 123.3% of the target
remuneration for this criterion;
■ Revenue: 0.0% of the fixed remuneration, representing 0.0% of the target remuneration
for this criterion.
The amount of the variable remuneration relating to the qualitative criteria is as follows:
■ CSR: 15% of the fixed remuneration, representing 125% of the target remuneration for
this criterion;
■ Organization/Human Resources: 15% of the fixed remuneration, representing 125% of
the target remuneration for this criterion;
■ Individual performance: 15% of the fixed remuneration, representing 125% of the
target remuneration for this criterion.
The amount of the variable remuneration relating to the personal objectives is thus 45% of the
fixed remuneration, representing 125% of the target remuneration for the personal objectives.
The Board of Directors noted the following elements:
CSR:
Performance was considered excellent:
■ Safety:
In 2025, Air Liquide achieved a historic safety performance, confirming the robustness of
the Group's ongoing initiatives. The number of lost-time accidents among employees
decreased significantly to 48, compared to 87 in 2024. This brought the frequency rate to
a record low of 0.36, a major improvement over the previous year (0.67). This positive
trend extended to subcontractors, with a 27% drop in lost-time accidents, bringing their
frequency rate down to 0.72. Overall, the total number of injuries within the Group fell by
25 people year-on-year.
François Jackow maintained constant vigilance on Safety through monthly reviews with
the Executive Committee. Under his leadership, the Group accelerated its technical
compliance programs, notably achieving 100% compliance with new safety requirements
for gas cylinder purging.
The year was also characterized by the launch of the 2026-2030 road safety plan and
the continued reinforcement of the safety culture. More than 18,000 employees
participated in workshops focused on the 24 major safety risks, a program supported by
the distribution of over 30 awareness videos worldwide. These initiatives, consistently
promoted by François Jackow during his site visits, remain at the heart of the operational
strategy for 2026.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

163

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Amounts in respect
of the past fiscal
year or accounting
valuation

Comments

■ Rollout of action plans relating to the Group’s sustainability objectives; Progress
made on the various key indicators and alignment with the 2025 trajectory linked
to these objectives
In 2025, the Group continued its structural efforts in sustainability, driven by multi-level
supervision and the personal involvement of François Jackow. The C-ENRISK committee,
composed of the Chief Executive Officer and seven other Executive Committee
members, reviewed a number of aspects of the Group's sustainability strategy. Key focus
areas included the structure of CSRD extra-financial reporting, gender pay gap analysis,
adequate wage, business models for ammonia in the energy transition and Carbon
Capture and Storage (CCS). François Jackow also played a leading role in the Group’s
decision to join the Carbon Measure coalition, which aims to promote public policies for
emission reductions and improve the accuracy of carbon accounting.
Resources and Investment Committees (RICs), held during the year, systematically
incorporate carbon footprint analysis into every regional project. Simultaneously, annual
decarbonization reviews were held with each Cluster to monitor local trajectories.
François Jackow reaffirmed the Group's commitment to delivering its medium-term
emission reduction ambitions for 2035. In the societal space, François Jackow's
commitment was also reflected in his role as a Director of the Air Liquide Foundation,
where he personally sponsored several projects and oversaw the reassessment of the
Foundation's strategy.
The year 2025 marked the completion of the ADVANCE strategic plan, with all
environmental objectives successfully met. CO2 emissions fell by approximately 13%
compared to 2020 (representing a reduction of 5.1 million tonnes), confirming that the
inflection point for absolute emissions was achieved in 2024, one year ahead of
schedule. Carbon intensity significantly exceeded the initial target of a 30% reduction
compared to 2015, while the implementation rate of water management plans for priority
sites in high water-stress areas reached 100%.
Regarding social perspective, the Group finalized its major commitments, with 100% of
employees now covered by the Common Care Coverage and Citizen at Work programs.
In terms of diversity, the proportion of women among managers and professionals
increased to 33.8% at the end of 2025 (up from 31% in 2020). While progressing steadily
with the full support of the Executive Committee, this result remains slightly below the
35% ambition, and remains far above industry / peers level. Efforts will be maintained in
these areas to strengthen this representativeness across all the Group's businesses.

Organization and Human Resources:
Performance was considered excellent :
This assessment is based on three elements: talents development, managerial succession
plans, organizing and implementing the Group’s transformation program.
■ Talents development
In 2025, François Jackow reaffirmed his commitment to developing the Group's human
capital. During a dedicated Executive Committee meeting, a new talent management
strategy was approved to ensure alignment with the business strategy and to prepare
the organization for future challenges, particularly through digital transformation. The
year was marked by the revamping of the Technical Community Leaders (TCL) program,
a cornerstone of performance and innovation that brings together more than
5,000 experts. Under the leadership of François Jackow, this program was strengthened
to tighten the links between technical expertise and operations, within the context of the
energy transition and internal transformation. This momentum was officially launched
during the "Be Innovation" Day, following a strategic review at the Fellows Summit in the
presence of the Executive Committee.
■ Management succession plans
Succession management received particular attention with two Executive Committee
sessions dedicated to a detailed review of international talent. This rigorous process
covers the most critical management positions across all geographic regions, business
lines, and support functions. François Jackow personally supervised these succession
plans with the Group's Human Resources Department. For each key position,
successors (immediate or future) were identified and evaluated, thereby ensuring a solid
talent pool of leaders capable of sustainably supporting the Group's performance
through targeted development plans.

164

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Amounts in respect
of the past fiscal
year or accounting
valuation

Comments

■ Organizing and implementing the Group’s transformation program
As the primary driver behind the transformation program, François Jackow demonstrated
his personal commitment by participating in steering committees throughout the year, in
addition to Executive Committee sessions. Under his leadership, the Group reached
decisive milestones in simplifying its organizational design, notably through the reduction
of hubs and clusters, the verticalization of Procurement and Digital & IT functions, and
the optimization of local structures. This transformation relies heavily on the ramp-up of
Global Business Services (GBS). François Jackow personally spearheaded a strategy to
leverage this expertise as a global efficiency lever. Under his direction, GBS not only
delivered substantial savings but also initiated a strategic pivot toward a global "End-toEnd" model. This model harmonizes business processes across the Group, ensuring
greater agility and increased service quality for all entities.
The Digital & IT function delivered efficiencies through footprint streamlining, contract
rationalization and technological projects. Simultaneously, the verticalization of
Procurement enabled the Group to raise its savings ambition. The other transformation
pillars also reported major results: for instance, the execution of the "Industrial Value"
stream significantly exceeded expectations. On the commercial front, pricing actions and
sales force effectiveness are projected to bolster the operating income. The global design
of the Customer Care initiative was validated for a 2026 rollout, aimed at unifying the
processes in the Group, standardizing and leveraging automation. In addition, François
Jackow steered the launch of the AI program, moving from opportunistic use cases to
industrial-scale deployment, supported by 800 "AI Champions." To durably embed this
performance culture within the organization, he encouraged the rollout of workshops that
trained the global workforce on expected behaviors. These behaviors are now fully
integrated into the Be Act Engage framework and annual performance review processes.
Individual performance:
The Chief Executive Officer’s individual performance is considered excellent. The Board
highlighted that against a backdrop of heavy headwinds, including a subdued economical
environment and uncertain global context, he succeeded in leading the Group to deliver
very strong performance, while successfully leading the transformation dynamic.
In total, the amount of the variable part of the remuneration is above the target and
amounts to 1,439,900 euros.
The total amount of the variable remuneration due for the 2025 fiscal year will be paid in
2026, after approval of the financial statements by the General Meeting, it being noted
that its payment is conditional on the approval by a General Meeting of the components
of remuneration paid during or awarded in respect of the 2025 fiscal year to Mr François
Jackow, as Chief Executive Officer.
There is no deferred variable annual remuneration mechanism, multi-annual variable remuneration mechanism or exceptional remuneration.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

165

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Amounts in respect
of the past fiscal
year or accounting
valuation

Stock options,
performance
shares or any
other long-term
incentive

0 stock option
11,958 performance
shares
Accounting valuation
of the performance
shares (pursuant
to IFRS 2 norm):
€ 1,814,866

Comments
September 30, 2025 plan (performance shares)

Principles of grant for 2025
For the Chief Executive Officer, the grant for 2025 forms part of the 2025 remuneration
policy defined by the Board of Directors on February 20, 2025 and approved by the General
Meeting on May 6, 2025.
The allocation of LTI to Mr François Jackow in 2025 in his capacity as Chief Executive
Officer represents an IFRS valuation of 1,814,866 euros.
The Board of Directors of September 2025 decided, in accordance with the general market
trend and in line with its practice since 2019, to grant performance shares only to all
beneficiaries, in order to simplify and standardize the LTI scheme.
Limits on the grants to Executive Officers
Within the scope of the sub-limits authorized by the General Meeting for 38 months, the
Board of Directors sets lower annual limits for the grants to the Executive Officers,
expressed (i) as a percentage of the share capital and (ii) as a multiple of their
remuneration, in accordance with the recommendations of the AFEP/MEDEF Code.
The limits set by the Board of Directors for 2025 are identical to those for 2024 and are as
follows (no subscription option having been attributed in 2025):
■ the total number of performance shares granted in 2025 to the Executive Officer cannot
give rise to a number of shares exceeding 0.012% of the share capital (it being
understood that an allocation sub-limit of 0.1% of the share capital for 38 months was
set by the General Meeting on May 6, 2025);
■ the total aggregate IFRS value of the performance shares granted to the Executive Officer
cannot exceed approximately 1.5 times the amount of the Executive Officer’s maximum
gross annual remuneration (fixed + variable maximum), it being noted that the performance
shares granted represent approximately 40% of the total target annual remuneration.
Maintaining the proration principle
Pursuant to the decision made by the Board on February 20, 2025 and the policy approved
by the General Meeting on May 6, 2025, the 2025 grant of LTI to the Executive Officer
remains subject to the principle of a pro-rata calculation.
In practice, if the Executive Officer leaves the Group for a reason other than his resignation
or removal from office for serious cause, the total allocation rate (after applying the
performance conditions) would be reduced pro rata for the duration of actual presence of
the Executive Officer within the Group during the period of assessment of the performance
criteria. Furthermore, no grant is made to the Executive Officer at the time of this departure,
in accordance with the AFEP/MEDEF Code.
The Executive Officer will remain subject to all the provisions of the plans and, more
specifically, those relating to the duration of the vesting, lock-up and holding periods in
respect of the shares and stock options granted.
Performance conditions
The performance shares awarded are all accompanied by performance conditions
calculated over three years. They are calculated:
(i) for 50% of the performance shares granted, on the rate of achievement of a target, set
by the Board, comprising the after-tax Return on Capital Employed (recurring ROCE) (c)
recorded at the end of the 2027 fiscal year.
At the objective set, the grant is 100% and then decreases on a straight-line basis to a
lower limit below which there will be no award. This lower limit corresponds to a ROCE
level which is 200 basis points less than the objective set, which provides a degree of
flexibility, notably making it possible to take advantage of external growth opportunities.
The objective was set in line with the ROCE objective announced by the Company, i.e.
more than 10%.

(c) For the purposes hereof, the Return on Capital Employed after tax (ROCE) is calculated as follows: (recurring net profit after tax before deduction of minority
interests – cost of net debt after taxes) for the period 2027)/(average of (shareholders’ equity + minority interests + net debt) at the end of the last three half
years (H2 2027, H1 2027, H2 2026).

166

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Amounts in respect
of the past fiscal
year or accounting
valuation

Comments

(ii) for 35% of the performance shares granted:
– for 50% of the performance shares referred to in sub-paragraph (ii): on an objective of
Total Shareholder Return set by the Board, defined as the average annual growth rate
of an investment in Air Liquide shares, dividends reinvested, for the 2025, 2026 and
2027 fiscal years (“AL TSR”). The objective of an absolute TSR is set in accordance
with historic performances. At the objective set, the grant is 100% and then decreases
on a straight-line basis to a lower limit below which there will be no award,
– for 50% of the performance shares referred to in sub-paragraph (ii): on the rate of
Total Shareholder Return from an investment in Air Liquide shares, dividends
reinvested – source: Bloomberg (“B TSR”), as compared to the CAC 40 TSR index,
dividends reinvested (source: Bloomberg) for the 2025, 2026 and 2027 fiscal years.
The rate of achievement will be 0%, if the average of the Air Liquide TSR over three
years is lower than the average of the CAC 40 TSR, 50% if it is equal to the average
of the CAC 40 TSR and 100%, if it is at least 2% higher than the average of the
CAC 40 TSR on the basis of a straight-line change. Any grant for a performance
lower than the average of the CAC 40 TSR is impossible.
(iii) for 15% of the performance shares granted, on the change in the Group’s absolute
CO2 emissions over the period 2025-2027 aligned with the Group’s CO2 trajectory (an
integral part of the ADVANCE strategic program), as follows:
Comparison of the Air Liquide Group’s CO2 emissions for the year 2027, expressed in
millions of metric tonnes, with those same emissions for the year 2024, the 2024 basis of
comparison being adjusted to take account of any possible perimeter impacts
(the possible takeover of existing units at the Group’s customers or companies, asset or
company divestitures over the 2025-2027 period), on a 12-month pro-forma basis, in line
with the method used to monitor the carbon trajectory as communicated by the Group.

Other elements

N/A

Remuneration
as a Director
Other benefits

N/A
€ 18,065

The greenhouse gas emissions include direct emissions (Scope 1) and indirect
emissions (Scope 2). These emissions are accounted for as “market-based”.
No allocation
Mr François Jackow does not receive any remuneration in respect of his term of office
as Director.
Benefits in kind (accounting valuation) include the use of a company car and the
contributions paid in 2025 to an external organization in respect of unemployment insurance
for company managers and corporate officers.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

167

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Amounts in respect
of the past fiscal
year or accounting
valuation

Termination
indemnity

€ 0 received

Comments
The main terms of the undertaking are as follows: (i) only cases of forced departure related
to a change in strategy or change of control may give rise to an indemnity; (ii) the amount of
the indemnity is set at 24 months of gross fixed and variable remuneration; (iii) it gradually
decreases as the statutory age limit approaches; (iv) the right to the indemnity is subject to
performance conditions: the amount of the indemnity paid is based on the average of the
annual difference between the return, after tax, on capital employed (ROCE) and the
weighted average cost of capital (WACC) (measured on the basis of the book value of
equity), over the last three fiscal years preceding departure. This gap, in a highly
capital-intensive business activity, makes it possible to measure the regular creation of value.

An average gap of 300 basis points between ROCE and WACC over three years is required
to be able to benefit from the total indemnity.
The proportion of the indemnity due shall be established as follows, with an increase by
straight-line segments between each of the thresholds inclusive:
Average of the annual gaps (ROCE –
WACC) over three years in bps (a)

Proportion of indemnity due

≥ 300

100%

250

66%

200

50%

100

25%

< 100

0%

(a) bps: basis points.

This mechanism was integrated into the remuneration policy for the Chief Executive Officer
as decided by the Board of Directors on February 20, 2025 and approved by the General
Meeting of May 6, 2025 (pursuant to the extension of the remuneration policy for 2024).
Non-competition
indemnity

€ 0 received

The terms of the commitment not to serve, directly or indirectly, a business competing with
that of the Group for a period of two years from the termination of the term of office
of Mr François Jackow as Chief Executive Officer are as follows:
■ the amount of this indemnity, payable monthly, would be equal to one year of gross
annual fixed and variable remuneration received by the Chief Executive Officer
(excluding sums received in respect of long-term variable remuneration), wherein the
aggregated termination indemnity and non-competition indemnity are capped at
24 months of annual gross fixed and variable remuneration paid to the Chief
Executive Officer on the date on which he ends his term of office;
■ payment of the non-competition indemnity shall not apply from the moment the Chief
Executive Officer exercises his pension entitlements. In any event, no indemnity shall be
paid beyond age 65;
■ the Board of Directors reserves the right to fully or partially waive the noncompetition commitment upon the departure of the Chief Executive Officer, in which
case no indemnity will be owed.
This mechanism was integrated into the remuneration policy for the Chief Executive Officer
as decided by the Board of Directors on February 20, 2025 and approved by the General
Meeting of May 6, 2025 (pursuant to the extension of the remuneration policy for 2024).

168

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Amounts in respect
of the past fiscal
year or accounting
valuation
Comments

Supplementary
pension plans

€ 188,529 received
(i.e. 50% of the
amounts due under
this plan – see
comments opposite)

Collective pension insurance contract
In 2025, Mr François Jackow continued to benefit (in accordance with the remuneration policy
decided by the Board of Directors on February 20, 2025 and approved by the General
Meeting of May 6, 2025), from a collective pension insurance contract with individual and
optional subscription (known as “article 82 of the French Tax Code”) for the fraction of the
reference remuneration (fixed portion + target variable portion) exceeding eight PASS. This
collective pension insurance contract replaces the supplementary pension plan applicable
under certain conditions to the Group’s senior executives but not applicable to corporate
officers, and from which Mr François Jackow benefited prior to his appointment as Chief
Executive Officer.
In this scheme, the amount paid by the Company is split between a payment to the insurer
and a payment to Mr François Jackow intended to cover the social security contributions and
taxes due on the payments made to the insurer. This amount will be paid in arrears every
year for the period until the end of the executive office. These contributions are deductible
from the corporate income tax base and are subject to social security contributions.
Mr François Jackow cannot apply for the entitlements under this pension insurance contract
in the form of capital and/or life annuity before the age at which he becomes entitled to claim
his pension entitlements under the French general social security scheme.
This supplementary pension plan for the fraction of remuneration exceeding eight PASS is
entirely subject to performance conditions. The total amount of contributions for a fiscal year
depends on the average annual gap (measured on each fiscal year) between the Return on
Capital Employed after tax (ROCE (d)) and the Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC)
(measured on the basis of the book value of equity), calculated (on the basis of the certified
consolidated financial statements, approved by the General Meeting) for the last three fiscal
years prior to the said fiscal year.
The performance coefficient applied to the nominal amount pursuant to the collective pension
insurance contract is determined as shown in the table below, with a growth of the increase
per linear segment between each of the thresholds between 100 bps and 300 bps inclusive:
Average of the annual gaps (ROCE – WACC)
over three years in bps (a)

Performance coefficient applied
to the nominal amount

≥ 300

100%

250

66%

200

50%

100

25%

< 100

0%

(a) bps: basis points.

In respect of 2025, the Board of Directors on February 19, 2026 took note of the 100%
achievement of the performance conditions.
Accordingly, the amount to be paid in 2026 in respect of fiscal year 2025 under the
pension scheme with individual and optional subscription, will amount overall to
377,058 euros (split, in accordance with the remuneration policy approved by the
General Meeting of May 6, 2025, between a payment of 188,529 euros (gross) to the
insurer in the form of an insurance premium, and a payment of 188,529 euros (gross)
to Mr François Jackow intended to cover the social security contributions and taxes
due on the payments made to the insurer).
Pension commitment pursuant to a defined contribution pension plan (PERO)
In 2025, Mr François Jackow continued to benefit (in accordance with the remuneration policy
decided by the Board of Directors on February 20, 2025 and approved by the General
Meeting of May 6, 2025) from the supplementary defined contribution pension plan (he
previously benefited from this as an employee, then as Chief Executive Officer from his
appointment in 2022).
This plan, applicable to all employees and Company Officers duly authorized to benefit from
that plan, is financed by contributions paid equally by the employer and the beneficiary on the
portion of remuneration not exceeding eight times the annual social security limit (PASS).
The amount of the contributions paid in 2025 under this supplementary defined
contribution pension plan for the benefit of Mr François Jackow amounts to 11,174 euros.
(d)

Recurring ROCE excluding major acquisitions (acquisitions representing more than 5% of capital employed).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

169

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Amounts in respect
of the past fiscal
year or accounting
valuation
Comments

Pension commitment pursuant to a “senior executives” defined contribution
pension plan
L’Air Liquide S.A. set up a defined-contribution pension plan for senior executives defined by
reference to an agreed coefficient and corporate officers who have acquired one year of seniority.
In 2025, Mr François Jackow continued to benefit from this defined contribution pension plan
(from which he had previously benefited as a senior executive, then as Chief Executive
Officer since 2022), in accordance with the remuneration policy decided by the Board of
Directors of February 20, 2025 and approved by the General Meeting of May 6, 2025
(12th resolution).
Mr François Jackow’s pension entitlements under this defined contribution plan implemented
for the benefit of senior executives:
■ may be applied for, at the earliest, when he has claimed his pension entitlements under
the French general social security scheme;
■ are financed by annual contributions paid in their entirety by the Company. These
contributions were set at 2.7% of the portion of remuneration that is lower than eight times
the PASS. Furthermore, they are subject to the same tax and social security treatment as
those paid under the PERO set up for the benefit of all the staff (see above).
The contributions paid by the Company in 2025 amounted to 10,174 euros.
Collective death
and disability
benefits and
healthcare cost
plan

€ 0 received

In 2025, Mr François Jackow continued to benefit, in accordance with the remuneration policy
decided by the Board of Directors on February 20, 2025 and approved by the General
Meeting of May 6, 2025 (12th resolution), from (i) the supplementary “incapacity, invalidity,
death” benefits plan, unified as of January 1, 2015, covering all personnel and corporate
officers who are duly authorized to benefit from such scheme and (ii) the healthcare cost plan
covering all personnel.
Under this plan, (a) the remuneration taken into account for the calculation of contributions is
capped at (i) 16 times the annual social security limit for incapacity and invalidity cover, (ii)
24 times the annual social security limit for the death benefit; and (b) the employer
contribution rate in 2024 amounted to 1.28% up to 16 PASS and 1.03% between 16 and
24 PASS.
Contributions paid by the Company in 2025 for the benefit of Mr François Jackow
amounted to 13,339 euros for the death and disability benefits plan and 522 euros for
the healthcare cost plan (i.e. a total of 13,861 euros).

170

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

4.2. ELEMENTS OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION FOR 2025
ELEMENTS OF THE TOTAL REMUNERATION AND BENEFITS OF ANY KIND PAID DURING OR AWARDED IN RESPECT
OF THE 2025 FISCAL YEAR TO MR BENOÎT POTIER AND ON WHICH THE GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 5, 2026
IS INVITED TO VOTE:
Amounts in respect
of the past fiscal
year or accounting
valuation

Fixed
remuneration

Annual variable
remuneration

€ 800,000

N/A

Comments

The fixed remuneration takes into account in particular the specific role of the Chairman of
the Board of Directors in the context of managerial succession and the missions that the
Board of Directors wished to entrust to Mr Benoît Potier for the duration of the transition in
order to benefit from his experience, in-depth knowledge of the Group and its businesses,
its Shareholders and stakeholders and its strategic challenges.
In accordance with the policy approved by the General Meeting of May 6, 2025, the amount
of the 2025 annual fixed remuneration of Mr Benoît Potier amounts to 800,000 euros.
The Chairman does not benefit from any annual variable remuneration.

There is no deferred annual variable remuneration mechanism, multi-annual variable remuneration mechanism or exceptional
remuneration.
Stock options,
N/A
The Chairman does not receive any items of long-term remuneration.
performance
shares or any
other long-term
incentive
Other elements

N/A

Remuneration
as a Director

N/A

Other benefits

€ 2,793

Termination
N/A
indemnity
Non-competition N/A
indemnity
Supplementary
N/A
pension plans
Collective life
N/A
insurance plan
Collective death € 0 received
and disability
benefits plan
(death benefit)

No allocation.
Mr Benoît Potier does not receive any remuneration in respect of his term of office as Director.

Benefits in kind (book value) include the use of a company car.
The Chairman does not receive any termination indemnity.
The Chairman does not receive any non-competition indemnity.
The Chairman does not benefit from any supplementary pension plan.
The Chairman does not benefit from any collective life insurance plan.
In 2025, Mr Benoît Potier continued to benefit from the collective death and disability
benefits plan (death benefits only), in accordance with the remuneration policy decided by
the Board of Directors on February 20, 2025 and approved by the General Meeting of
May 6, 2025 (13th resolution).
Under this plan, (a) the remuneration taken into account for the calculation of contributions
is capped at 24 times the annual social security limit for the death benefit; and (b) the
employer contribution rate in 2025 amounts to 1.28% up to 16 PASS and 1.03% between
16 and 24 PASS.
The contribution paid by the Company in 2025 in respect of the death benefits plan
for Mr Benoît Potier amounted to 10,128 euros.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

171

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

5. Remuneration policy applicable to corporate officers
(submitted for the approval of the General Meeting pursuant to article L. 22-10-8 II of the French Commercial Code)
In accordance with article L. 22-10-8 II of the French Commercial Code, the remuneration policy applicable to corporate officers of
L’Air Liquide S.A., as established by the Board of Directors on February 19, 2026, upon the recommendation of the Remuneration
Committee, and described in this section, is submitted for approval by the General Meeting on May 5, 2026. It is presented in the
12ᵗʰ resolution and 13ᵗʰ resolution for Company Officers (paragraph 5.1 below) and in the 14ᵗʰ resolution for Directors (paragraph 5.2 below).

5.1. REMUNERATION POLICY APPLICABLE TO COMPANY OFFICERS
The remuneration policy applicable to Company Officers described
below and subject to the approval of the General Meeting breaks
down as follows:
■ the remuneration policy for the Chief Executive Officer
(applicable, in 2026, to Mr François Jackow); and
■ the remuneration policy for the Chairman of the Board of
Directors (applicable, in 2026, to Mr Benoît Potier).
During the work of the Remuneration Committee and the Board of
Directors, the Company Officers do not attend deliberations by the
Remuneration Committee relating to their personal case and do
not take part in deliberations or votes by the Board of Directors on
the remuneration components that concern them. The decisionmaking process followed to determine the policy is also applicable
when said policy is reviewed and implemented.
To determine the remuneration policy, the Board of Directors takes
into account the principles of completeness, balance,
comparability, consistency, comprehensibility and proportionality as
recommended by the AFEP/MEDEF Corporate Governance Code.
The policy presented takes into account the Board of Directors'
decision to maintain the separation between the duties of
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
and is in line with the policy approved by the General Meeting of
May 6, 2025.
In the context of the proposed renewal of the terms of office of Mr
François Jackow as Chief Executive Officer and Mr Benoît Potier
as Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Board re-examined the
positioning of their respective remuneration. Regarding the Chief
Executive Officer, the Board notably considered his performance,
his experience and skills, and the competitiveness of his
remuneration level relative to market practices, based on
benchmarks prepared by a specialized external consultant. This
review led the Board of Directors to propose a re-evaluation of the
Chief Executive Officer's remuneration.
Regarding the Chairman of the Board of Directors, in the context
of a managerial transition that is already well underway and an
adaptation in the scope of his specific missions, it is proposed to
adjust his remuneration downwards.
Consequently, the policy incorporates proposals for changes
concerning, on the one hand, the remuneration of the Chief
Executive Officer (details of which appear in section 5.1.2 below)
and, on the other hand, (ii) the remuneration of the Chairman of the
Board of Directors (details of which appear in section 5.1.3 below).
The remuneration policy for Company Officers was established in
accordance with Group practices, its governance context and
market practices. It is competitive and aligned with the Group’s
strategy and medium- and long-term objectives.

172

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

5.1.1. Remuneration policy applicable
to Executive Officers
A. General principles
The remuneration policy applicable to Executive Officers
determined by the Board of Directors includes incentive elements
reflecting the Group’s strategy. In a highly capital-intensive industry,
profitable long-term growth requires constant attention to be paid to
each investment decision and to the competitiveness of every
operation, while maintaining an ongoing effort over time in favor, in
particular, of safety, employee development, sustainability matters
and respect for the interests of all stakeholders. It incorporates,
both in the short-term variable element and in the long-term
incentive elements, criteria aligned with the Group's financial and
extra-financial strategy, and must remain competitive. In this
context, the elements taken into account for the determination of
the remuneration of the Executive Officers are as follows:
■ an annual short-term component, comprising a fixed remuneration
and a variable remuneration subject to performance conditions;
■ a long-term incentive (hereafter “Long Term Incentive” or “LTI”)
through the grant of performance shares and/or stock options,
both subject in full to performance conditions calculated over
three years;
■ other benefits attached to the performance of the Executive
Officer’s term of office, specifically including:
– a supplementary pension scheme,
– additional social coverage in terms of death and disability
benefits and healthcare cost,
– benefits in kind (including unemployment insurance for
company managers and corporate officers),
– commitments in the event of termination of duties (indemnity
in the event of cessation of functions at the Company’s
initiative in certain strictly defined circumstances, subject to
performance conditions calculated over three years and, as
the case may be, a non-competition indemnity).
There are no employment contracts between the Executive Officer
and any of the Group’s companies. It is recalled in this regard that
Mr François Jackow decided to unilaterally terminate his
employment contract upon the effective date of his term of office
as Chief Executive Officer on June 1, 2022, in accordance with the
recommendations of the AFEP/MEDEF Code and best
governance practices.
Furthermore, if such a situation were to arise, the remuneration
applicable to a Deputy Chief Executive Officer would be
determined on the basis of the policy applicable to the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, after taking into account,
however, the difference in profile, experience, and level of
responsibility, consistent with the earlier practices applied at the
Company for this type of Company Officer.

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

B. Structure and main characteristics common to the
general remuneration of Executive Officers
■ The remuneration policy provides for a proportionate balance
between the three components of the total remuneration
(i.e. the fixed remuneration, the variable remuneration and the
long-term incentive elements, comprising performance shares
and/or stock options), as follows:
(i) The fixed remuneration represents approximately 25% of
the total target annual remuneration.
(ii) The elements subject to performance conditions
represent approximately 75% of the target remuneration,
with a predominant share allocated to LTI, reflecting market
practice and the Group's long-term strategy.
■ Annual variable remuneration
The annual variable remuneration, which comprises
quantifiable and qualitative criteria, remains expressed, for
each criterion, as a target variable remuneration (as a
percentage of the fixed remuneration), with a maximum.
The target weighting (expressed as a percentage of the fixed
remuneration) corresponds to a 100% achievement of the
target objective set at the beginning of the year. For each
criterion, the Board of Directors defines a demanding target
objective. The maximum weighting, also expressed as a
percentage of the fixed remuneration, corresponds to the
maximum level of remuneration that can be achieved in the
event of outperformance. A greater relative weight is given to
the quantifiable criteria as compared to the qualitative criteria.
The target weighting and the maximum weighting are made
public ex-ante and appear infra (paragraph 5.1.2); the actual
weight of each criterion for the determination of the variable
remuneration due in respect of the past fiscal year is
established on the basis of the performance measured for each
criterion in light of the target objective, on the basis of the
application of a formula for the financial criteria and the
assessment of the Executive Officer’s performance by the
Board of Directors upon the recommendation of the
Remuneration Committee for the qualitative criteria.
The quantifiable criteria and the corresponding objectives are
determined by the Board at the beginning of the year. The
objectives are not made public for confidentiality reasons. A
formula adopted by the Board of Directors makes it possible to
calculate the amount of the variable remuneration due (within a
maximum limit) by taking into account, on the basis of the
Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year, the value
achieved for the criterion as compared to the target objective
set. Thus, in the event of a performance that exceeds the
objective set, the value of the variable part is adjusted upward
within the maximum limit set for each criterion. In the event of a
performance that is below the lower limit set for each objective,
the variable remuneration corresponding to this criterion is
equal to zero.
The rate of achievement of the objectives for the variable
remuneration, expressed as a percentage of the fixed
remuneration and of the target variable remuneration allocated
to the criterion, is made public ex-post.
The quantifiable elements
remuneration include:

of

the

annual

variable

– a criterion of an increase in the recurring net earnings
(excluding exceptional and significant transactions which do
not impact the operating income recurring) excluding
currency impact per share (hereinafter “recurring EPS”),
which makes it possible to take into account all the items in
the income statement;
– a criterion of comparable growth in consolidated revenue
(excluding significant scope impact, excluding currency
impact, excluding energy impact) which reflects the
momentum of the activity
(1)
(2)

Together, the criteria of the recurring EPS and the revenue
reflect the Group’s strategy aimed at achieving profitable
growth taking into account medium and long-term objectives.
The efficiency objective announced by the Group contributes to
the increase in the recurring EPS.
The qualitative elements of the
remuneration continue to be based:

annual

variable

– for two-thirds, on several categories or sub-categories of
objectives defined each year, distributed between (i) CSR
objectives (1) and (ii) organization and Human Resources
objectives. All of these objectives contribute to the
development and sustainability of the Company and
incorporate its extra-financial performance objectives.
– for one-third, on an evaluation of the executive's individual
performance assessed in light of the context of the year.
■ Long-term remuneration
The grant of LTI to Executive Officers is determined in light of
the total annual remuneration of the Executive Officer adopted
taking into account external market surveys and ensuring that
the interests of Shareholders are respected. The LTI plan is
adopted by the Board in the fall and applies to both Executive
Officers and Group employees who are beneficiaries thereof.
According to the principle retained since 2016, the award of LTI
to the Executive Officer and its evolution over time are
assessed in terms of the IFRS value (and not in terms of the
volumes granted), for all stock option and performance share
plans combined.
Within the scope of the sub-limits authorized by the General
Meeting, the Board of Directors sets lower annual limits for the
grants to the Company Officers, expressed (i) as a percentage
of the share capital and for each Company Officer (ii) as a
multiple of their remuneration, in accordance with the
recommendations of the AFEP/MEDEF Code.
The total IFRS value of the LTI granted during the fiscal year
cannot exceed 1.5 times the amount of the Executive Officer’s
maximum gross annual remuneration (fixed + maximum annual
variable), within the limit of the relative proportion attributed to
LTI within the various remuneration components, specified in
paragraph 5.1.2.
LTI grants to Executive Officers are subject to the proration
principle on the basis of the actual presence of the Executive
Officer: in the event of a departure from the Group of the
Executive Officer for a reason other than resignation or removal
from office for serious cause (2), the total allocation rate (after
applying the performance conditions) would be reduced pro
rata for the duration of actual presence of the Executive Officer
within the Group during the period of assessment of the
performance criteria.
In addition, no grant of LTI is made to the Executive Officer at the
time of his departure, in accordance with the AFEP/MEDEF Code.
Company Officers are also subject to the following specific
obligations:
– Obligation to retain shares defined by the Board of
Directors pursuant to articles L. 225-185 and L. 225-197-1
of the French Commercial Code. They lead to the
obligation, for the Executive Officer, to hold, in registered
form, until the termination of his duties, a minimum quantity
of shares corresponding to 50% of the capital gain on
acquisition, net of social security charges and tax, resulting
from each exercise of stock options/each definitive award of
performance shares. However, this percentage will be
lowered to 5%, as soon as the quantity of shares held by
the Company Officer resulting from the exercise of stock
options or the definitive award of performance shares
represents a minimum amount equal to at least three times
the Executive Officer’s gross annual fixed remuneration.

ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (a).
Situations which will result in the loss of the LTI.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

173

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Compliance with this obligation is verified annually by the
Board of Directors.
– Additional shareholding obligation defined by the Board
in accordance with the AFEP/MEDEF Code: each Company
Officer must also hold in a registered account a minimum
number of shares based on his or her gross annual fixed
remuneration (equivalent to twice his or her gross annual
fixed remuneration for the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, and once his or her
gross annual fixed remuneration for a Deputy Chief
Executive Officer). The number of shares required to be
held is assessed as at January 1 and July 1 of each year.
Newly appointed Company Officers must comply within four
years of their first appointment.
– Lastly, the Company Officers are subject to the requirement
restricting the exercise of stock options and the transfer of
performance shares during the black-out periods prior to
the publication of the financial statements and undertake
not to use risk hedging transactions on options/shares
resulting from the exercise of options and on performance
shares granted, throughout their term of office.
As with all beneficiaries, all the LTI granted to the Executive
Officers are subject to demanding performance conditions
calculated over three years. The performance conditions
applicable to the plans decided upon in the fall are set by the
Board of Directors at the start of the year at the February meeting,
in order to comply with a reference period of three full years.
For each performance condition, a formula adopted by the
Board of Directors makes it possible to determine, following the
end of the three fiscal years during which the performance has
to be achieved, the percentage of performance shares
definitively awarded/stock options that can be exercised.
The demanding objectives set for each performance condition
are made public ex-post, following the Board meeting in the
month of February following the end of the three fiscal years
during which the performance has to be achieved. The rate of
achievement of the performance conditions and the percentage
of LTI definitively awarded/that can be exercised are also
published following this Board meeting.
In accordance with the provisions of the 19ᵗʰ resolution by the
General Meeting of Shareholders of May 6, 2025, the
performance share grant plan includes a minimum vesting
period of three years, without a minimum holding period. The
stock options would be, as the case may be, subject to a fouryear lock-up period, followed by a six-year exercise period.
Added to this is a condition of presence which stipulates the
loss of the stock options/rights to the performance shares in the
process of being acquired, in the event of resignation or
removal from office for serious cause.
For all LTI beneficiaries (Executive Officers and employees),
the criteria retained are:
– the ROCE, which makes it possible to measure the return
on capital employed, which is relevant in a highly capitalintensive industry;
– the Total Shareholder Return (TSR) which in turn makes it
possible to align the Company’s performance with the
regular profits expected by its Shareholders; and
– a performance criterion linked to the Group’s climate
objectives (1), in line with the Group’s responsible
growth approach.

(1)
(2)
(3)

174

In total, all the performance criteria, both financial and extrafinancial (2), for the variable remuneration and LTI, reflect the
Group’s overall objectives: aiming for solid financial
performance while developing an ambitious decarbonization
plan and taking into account the interests of all its stakeholders.
The achievement of each performance condition is assessed
without any set-off between criteria.
During the annual process of determining the components of
the remuneration for Executive Officers, the Remuneration
Committee ensures that the choices made take into account
the remuneration and employment conditions of the Company’s
employees. The attendance of the Director representing the
employees, who is a member of the Committee, helps ensure
that all aspects of these remuneration and employment
conditions, and more generally the interests of the Group’s
employees, are taken into account in this work, which gives
rise to a recommendation to the Board at its meeting in
February. The policy presented for approval by the General
Meeting reflects this consideration. Thus, concerning the
conditions of remuneration, the Committee and the Board
define convergent quantifiable and qualitative elements for the
variable remuneration of the Executive Officer on the one hand
and that of the Company's senior executives on the other hand.
Furthermore, the LTI performance conditions are identical for
all employee beneficiaries (as a reminder, approximately
2,000 Group employees in 2020 and 2021, approximately
2,600 employees in 2022 and 2023, approximately
2,750 employees in 2024 and 2025) and for the Executive
Officers. These alignments provide for greater coherence of
efforts in achieving the Company’s performance objectives.
With regard to taking the employment conditions of employees
into account, the importance given to safety objectives in the
qualitative components (CSR) of variable remuneration
contributes to the establishment of a quality work environment
for employees, which has a direct impact on their commitment
and performance. Similarly, the integration of social objectives
and objectives relating to organization and human resources
for the determination of the variable remuneration of Executive
Officers contributes to the improvement of the employment
conditions of employees.
Executive Officers also benefit from pension schemes,
indemnities related to the termination of their duties described
below, as well as other components of annual remuneration
(benefits in kind, supplementary social protection schemes)
which may be terminated under ordinary law conditions.

5.1.2. Implementation for the determination
of the Chief Executive Officer’s
remuneration for 2026
The Board of Directors of February 19, 2026, on the
recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, defined the
criteria for determining, distributing and allocating the elements
comprising the total remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer
which are submitted for the approval of the General Meeting of
May 5, 2026 (3).
In the context of the renewal of the Chief Executive Officer's term
of office which expires in May 2026, the Board thus re-evaluated
his remuneration taking into account his level of responsibility, his
performance, his experience in the function, and market practices.

ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (a).
ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (a).
ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (e).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

At the end of his first term of office, the Board noted the Chief
Executive Officer's excellent performance and his ability to
successfully steer the Group in a nevertheless very uncertain
environment. In particular, he initiated and actively led the
deployment of the Group's transformation plan, currently underway,
achieved ambitious objectives in terms of efficiency gains and
margin improvement, and achieved a record level of investment
linked to the signing of new customer contracts and a transforming
operation (signing in 2025 of the acquisition of DIG in South Korea),
drivers of future growth. Over the duration of his term of office, Air
Liquide's capitalization has increased sharply. Over the last 3 years,
the Total Shareholder Return (TSR) has progressed substantially.
The Board, relying on the work of the Remuneration Committee,
also examined the positioning of the Chief Executive Officer's
remuneration relative to existing market remuneration practices for
similar functions. To this end, benchmarks were carried out by a
specialized external consultant, based on remunerations published
in 2025 for Chief Executive Officer functions within French and
European panels. After review, the Board decided to retain the panel
of CAC 40 companies in which the functions of Chief Executive
Officer are separated, deemed the most representative, as a basis
for comparison (1). Furthermore, the remunerations of the executives
of the Company's two main competitors (listed in the United States),
ranging between 15 and 20 million US dollars, are incommensurate
with the remunerations of French or European executives and were
therefore not retained as a basis for comparison.
This study demonstrated that Mr François Jackow's total
remuneration is currently below market practices (10% below the
median of this panel). Furthermore, it appears that the most
significant gap lies in the long-term component (LTI) of Mr François
Jackow's remuneration, which is 24% below the median.
Finally, this study shows that the level of target annual variable
remuneration as a percentage of the fixed share (120% currently)
is higher than market practices.
Taking into account these various elements and in order to ensure
the competitiveness of its executive officer's remuneration, the
Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the Remuneration
Committee, considered it appropriate to reposition Mr François
Jackow's global remuneration for a fiscal year between the median
and the third quartile (amounting respectively to 4,980,000 euros
and 6,540,000 euros) of the panel, consistent with the Group's
positioning within the CAC 40. The structure of the remuneration
would also be readjusted to rebalance the share of remuneration
subject to performance conditions in favor of the long-term
component, and to lower the level of the target annual variable
share and increase the maximum level as a percentage of the
fixed share, thus favoring outperformance.
The modifications would be as follows:
■ increase in the annual fixed remuneration to 1,400,000 euros,
representing an increase of +15.7% compared to 2025;
■ lowering of the target annual variable share to 105% of the
fixed share (versus 120% previously) and setting of the
maximum annual variable share at 160% of the fixed share
(versus 150% previously);
■ increase in the long-term remuneration from 150% to 180% of the
fixed share for a 100% achievement of the performance conditions.

(1)

(2)

The structure of the Chief Executive Officer's remuneration for the
2026 fiscal year would thus be as follows:
SHORT-TERM

LONG-TERM

~26%

Fixed
remuneration

~27%

Variable
remuneration

~74%

Variable
remuneration
subject to
performance
conditions

~47%
LTI

The modifications, detailed above, would represent an increase in
the global remuneration (fixed share, annual variable share and
long-term elements) at target of approximately 20% and at
maximum of approximately 27%.
80% of the increase would relate to elements subject to
performance conditions.
Taking into account these increases, the Chief Executive Officer's
remuneration would be positioned 8% above the median level of
the retained panel (see definition above).
This revaluation is in line with the cumulative wage evolution
observed in France between 2022 and 2025, which reached 12.62%.
Mr François Jackow does not receive any remuneration in respect
of his office as Director.

A. Fixed remuneration
The fixed remuneration is determined taking into account the level
of responsibilities, experience in the Management function and
market practices.
The annual fixed remuneration proposed for Mr François Jackow
in 2026 amounts, in application of the aforementioned principles,
to an annual amount of 1,400,000 euros, an increase of +15.7%
compared to 2025.

B. Variable remuneration
In accordance with the principles set forth above (“Structure and
main characteristics common to the general remuneration of
Executive Officers”), the Board of Directors of February 19, 2026,
on the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, defined
the components of the variable remuneration of the Chief
Executive Officer for 2026 by maintaining the same quantifiable
and qualitative criteria as those of the previous fiscal year, as well
as their relative weight. A target and maximum weighting is defined
for each criterion, and an allocation key between quantifiable
criteria (majority) and qualitative criteria is set in consistency with
market practices, as indicated in the table below (2).
For the 2026 fiscal year, the target variable remuneration has been
set at 105% of the amount of the fixed remuneration (compared to
120% previously). The maximum variable remuneration has been
set at 160% of the amount of the fixed remuneration (compared to
150% previously). The target variable remuneration represents
approximately 66% (compared to 80% in 2025) of the maximum
variable remuneration, in order to encourage outperformance.

The panel is thus composed of the following companies: Airbus, ArcelorMittal, Axa, BNP Paribas, Bouygues, Bureau Veritas, CapGemini, Crédit Agricole,
Danone, Dassault Systèmes, Engie, Hermès, L’Oréal, Legrand, Michelin, Orange, Renault, Safran, Sanofi, Schneider Electric, Société Générale, Stellantis,
STMicroelectronics, Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield, Veolia Environnement and Vinci. As part of the study, Air Liquide ranks as the 6th largest market capitalization
within this panel.
ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (a).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

175

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

Target (a)

Maximum

As a %
of the fixed
remuneration

As a %
based
on a 100

As a %
of the fixed
remuneration

As a %
based
on a 100

Quantifiable financial criteria including:

73.50

70

112

70

Increase in recurring net earnings (b) excluding the foreign exchange
impact per share (recurring EPS)

52.50

50

80

50

21

20

32

20

31.50

30

48

30

■ Roll-out of the action plans relating to the Group's sustainable
development objectives and progress made concerning the various
key indicators (e)

10.50

10

16

10

Organization/Human Resources
(talents development, management succession plans, organizing
and implementing the Group's transformation program)

10.50

10

16

10

Individual performance (f): assessment by the Board of Directors,
notably in light of the external environment for the year

10.50

10

16

10

105

100

160

100

Indicator

Comparable growth in consolidated revenue (c)
Qualitative personal criteria including:
CSR (d):

■ Safety: continue efforts to improve safety (lost time accident
frequency rate, road traffic accidents and job-related accidents)

TOTAL (FINANCIAL AND PERSONAL CRITERIA)

(a) The target corresponds to 100% achievement of the performance criterion.
(b) Excluding exceptional and significant transactions that do not impact the operating income recurring. The calculation is based on the 2026 recurring net profit
(Group share) excluding the foreign exchange impact (compared to 2025).
(c) Excluding significant scope impact, foreign exchange impact and energy.
(d) ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (b).
(e) Key indicators including those required to measure CO2 emissions for the year are disclosed in the Sustainability Statement (see Chapter 5 of this Universal
Registration Document) (1).
(f) This criterion responds to the Board of Directors’ desire to keep a part of the variable remuneration subject to the Board’s assessment, in order to take account of
the unpredictability of the environment. This may be beneficial to the Executive Officer, if the Company is facing an unfavorable environment which was not
anticipated at the time the objectives were set, or disadvantageous if the environment ultimately turns out to be more favorable than anticipated.

Taking into account these changes, the total short-term remuneration (fixed share + target variable share) is therefore as follows:
2025 Target Remuneration

Fixed remuneration
Variable remuneration
Total fixed remuneration and variable remuneration

Amount
€1,210,000

Weight
26%

32%

€1,470,000

+1.2%

27%

59%

€2,870,000

+7.8%

53%

C. Other components of annual remuneration
Mr François Jackow will continue to benefit from the following
other items:

Benefits in kind
The benefits in kind include the use of a company car as well as
contributions to the unemployment insurance for company
managers and corporate officers, subscribed to by the Company.
The contributions paid by the Company are included in Mr François
Jackow’s remuneration as benefits in kind. By way of information,
these benefits amount to approximately 18,065 euros on an annual
basis, around 14,837 euros of which is for the unemployment
insurance for company managers and corporate officers.

176

Evolution
in %
+15.7%

€1,452,000

The total amount of the variable remuneration due for the 2026 fiscal
year will be paid in 2027 after approval of the financial statements by
the General Meeting of Shareholders, it being noted that its payment
is conditional on approval by a General Meeting of the components
of the Executive Officer’s remuneration under the conditions
provided for in article 22-10-34 II of the French Commercial Code.

(2)

Amount
€1,400,000

€2,662,000

The percentage of the Chief Executive Officer's annual variable
remuneration that is dependent on sustainability objectives and/or
impacts is 10% (2). In addition, in 2026, the performance condition
of the LTI linked to the Group’s climate objectives is 15% (see
“Long-term remuneration components” below).

(1)

Weight
27%

Proposed 2026 Target Remuneration

Death and disability benefits and healthcare cost plan
■ Supplementary “incapacity, invalidity, death” benefits plan,
unified as at January 1, 2015, covering all personnel and
corporate officers who are duly authorized to benefit from such
scheme, in which the remuneration taken into account for the
calculation of the contributions is capped at (i) 16 times the
annual social security limit for the incapacity and invalidity cover,
(ii) 24 times the annual social security limit for the death benefit;
■ Healthcare cost plan covering all employees.
The estimates for the 2026 fiscal year are as follows:
■ employer’s contribution to Healthcare Costs: 522 euros;
■ employer’s contribution to death and disability benefits plan:
11,381 euros.

D. Long-term remuneration components
The Board of Directors of February 19, 2026, on the
recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, provided for the
allocation of performance shares to Mr François Jackow, in
respect of his office as Chief Executive Officer, for the 2026 fiscal
year, in an amount of 180% of the amount of the fixed
remuneration (compared to 150% previously), representing an
annual amount of 2,520,000 euros (based on an IFRS valuation).

ESRS E1 GOV-3 § 13 and ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 27 (for more details see paragraph 2.2. of the Sustainability Statement in Chapter 5 of this Universal Registration
Document, pages 304 to 324).
ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (d).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

The LTIs represent 47% (compared to 41% in 2025) of the total
target remuneration (fixed remuneration, target variable
remuneration and LTI), and the remuneration components subject
to performance conditions (annual variable remuneration + LTI)
represent approximately three quarters of the total target
remuneration, in accordance with the principles of the
remuneration policy applicable to Executive Officers.

comparison being adjusted to take account of any possible
perimeter impacts (possible takeovers of existing units at the
Group’s customers or companies, asset or company
divestitures) over the 2026-2028 period, on a 12-month proforma basis, in line with the method used to monitor the carbon
trajectory as communicated by the Group.
For the purposes hereof, the greenhouse gas emissions include
direct emissions (Scope 1) and indirect emissions (Scope 2).
These emissions are accounted for as “market-based” (4).

The performance conditions applicable to the Chief Executive
Officer (as to all the beneficiaries of the LTI plans which will be
granted in 2026) were determined by the Board of Directors on
February 19, 2026, in line with those of the 2025 plan, with
identical weighting. The number of LTI definitively granted/
exercisable under the 2026 plan will depend on the achievement
of the following performance conditions:

The rate of achievement of the performance conditions will be
recorded in 2029 by the Board at the time when the financial
statements are approved for the 2028 fiscal year.

(i) for 50% of the LTI granted, the rate of achievement of an
objective, set by the Board, consisting of the recurring ROCE
recorded at the end of the 2028 fiscal year.
At the objective set, the grant is 100% and then decreases on a
straight-line basis to a lower limit below which there will be no
award. This lower limit corresponds to a ROCE level 200 basis
points less than the objective set, which provides a degree of
flexibility, notably making it possible to take advantage of
external growth opportunities.The objective was set in line with
the ROCE objective announced by the Company, i.e. a level
maintained at more than 10% (in a period of strong increase in
investments that have a dilutive impact on ROCE);

E. Pension schemes

(ii) for 35% of the LTI granted:
– an objective of absolute TSR for 50% of the LTI referred to
in sub-paragraph (ii): it is an objective of shareholder return
set by the Board, defined as the average annual growth rate
from an investment in Air Liquide shares, dividends
reinvested, for the 2026, 2027 and 2028 fiscal years (“AL
TSR”). The objective of absolute TSR is set in accordance
with historic performances. At the objective set, the grant is
100% and then decreases on a straight-line basis to a lower
limit below which there will be no award,
– an objective of relative TSR for 50% of the LTI referred to in
sub-paragraph (ii): it is the rate of shareholder return from
an investment in Air Liquide shares, dividends reinvested
(source Bloomberg) (“B TSR”), as compared to the
“CAC 40 TSR” index, dividends reinvested (source
Bloomberg), for the 2026, 2027 and 2028 fiscal years. The
rate of achievement will be 0% if the average of the Air
Liquide TSR is lower than the average of the CAC 40 TSR,
50% if it is equal to the average of the CAC 40 TSR, and
100% if it is at least 2% higher than the average of the CAC
40 TSR on the basis of a straight-line change. Any grant for
a performance lower than the average of the CAC 40 TSR
is impossible;
(iii) for 15% of the LTI granted (1): objective linked to the
evolution of the Group’s CO2 emissions in absolute value over
the 2026-2028 period (2) (3), detailed as follows:
Comparison of the Air Liquide Group’s CO2 emissions for the
year 2028 expressed in millions of metric tonnes, with those
same emissions for the year 2025, the 2025 basis of

(1)
(2)

(3)
(4)

(5)
(6)

All of the rules and conditions applying to LTI grants to the
Executive Officers described above (limits on volume and value,
condition of presence, proration, shareholding and share
ownership obligations (5) and other specific regulations) apply to
the allocation of performance shares in 2026 to Mr François
Jackow in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer.
The Board of Directors of February 19, 2026, on the
recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, maintained
without change the elements of the pension schemes from which
Mr François Jackow will benefit for the duration of his term of office
as Chief Executive Officer. These elements, including in particular
a supplementary pension plan, were initially defined in 2022 when
Mr François Jackow was appointed as Chief Executive Officer
taking into account the results of a detailed benchmark formed
from a panel of CAC 40 companies and European companies with
separated governance, the plan applicable to the Group’s senior
executives, the overall balance of the remuneration of the Chief
Executive Officer, and an effort to outline a plan ensuring
competitive coverage at the best cost for the Company.
All of these components are, as with other remuneration
components, subject to the approval of the General Meeting in the
context of the vote on the remuneration policy applicable to the
Chief Executive Officer.
The overall amount of the Company’s contributions to the
supplementary pension plans detailed below represents
approximately 15% of the target annual Reference Remuneration
(fixed remuneration + target annual variable remuneration), as in
previous years.

Mandatory company retirement savings plan (PERO) (6)
This plan is financed by monthly contributions based on
remuneration not exceeding eight PASS and equally distributed
between the employer and the beneficiary. They are deductible
from the corporate income tax, are subject to the social levy at the
rate of 16% and are excluded from the basis for assessment of the
social security contributions, within the limit of the higher of the
following two values: 5% of the PASS or 5% of the remuneration
taken into account within the limit of five times the PASS.
The amount of the employer’s contribution to this plan, for the
2026 fiscal year, is estimated at 11,402 euros.

ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (a).
ESRS E1 GOV-3 § 13 and ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 27 (for more details see paragraph 2.2. of the Sustainability Statement in Chapter 5 of this Universal Registration
Document, pages 304 to 324 ).
ESRS 2 GOV-3 § 29 (b).
See definition of scopes and methodology for calculating scopes in paragraph 2.2. of the Sustainability Statement of this Universal Registration Document –
pages 304 to 324 .
The additional shareholding obligation will apply to Mr François Jackow within four years of his appointment as Chief Executive Officer, i.e. on June 1, 2026.
Mandatory company retirement savings plan (PERO) set up on January 1, 2021, which succeeded the supplementary defined contribution pension plan
applicable to all employees and Company Officers on that date.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

177

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

“Senior executive” defined contribution pension plan

The amount of the employer’s contribution to this plan, for the
2026 fiscal year, is estimated at 10,381 euros.

Application of this mechanism to the Chief Executive Officer was
determined taking into account the overall balance of his
remuneration and the market conditions, and for the Company
represents, for the same efficiency for the beneficiary, a markedly
lower cost to the Company than that which would result from
implementing a new supplementary pension plan with defined
vested benefits under article L. 137-11-2 of the French Social
Security Code.

Collective pension insurance contract
with individual and optional subscription

This supplementary pension plan for the fraction of remuneration
exceeding eight PASS is entirely subject to performance conditions.

This “article 83” defined contribution pension plan is financed by
annual contributions paid in their entirety by the company on the
remuneration fraction below eight PASS. They are subject to the same
tax and social security treatment as those paid under the PERO.

It is recalled that this collective pension insurance contract with
individual and optional subscription replaced the pension plan from
which Mr François Jackow benefitted prior to his appointment as
Chief Executive Officer. This collective pension insurance contract
with individual and optional subscription (known as “article 82 of
the French Tax Code”) is applicable for the portion of his
Reference remuneration (fixed portion + target variable portion)
exceeding eight PASS. The amount paid by the Company is split
between a payment to the insurer and a payment to Mr François
Jackow intended to partially cover the social security contributions
and taxes due on the payments made to the insurer. This amount
is paid in arrears every year for the period until the end of the
executive office, after recording the performance conditions
associated with this pension plan.
Mr François Jackow cannot apply for the entitlements under this
pension insurance contract before the age at which he becomes
entitled to claim his pension entitlements under the French general
social security scheme.

Thus, the total amount to be paid for a fiscal year will depend on
the average of the annual gap (measured on each fiscal year)
between the Return on Capital Employed after tax (ROCE),
determined as set out below, and the Weighted Average Cost of
Capital (WACC) (measured on the basis of the book value of
equity), calculated (on the basis of the certified Consolidated
Financial Statements, approved by the General Meeting) with
respect to the last three fiscal years prior to the said fiscal year.
In order not to penalize the calculation in the event of a major
transaction, the ROCE used is, as in 2025, recurring ROCE
“excluding major acquisitions”. Acquisitions representing more
than 5% of capital employed are considered to be major for the
purposes of this definition (1). The performance coefficient applied
to the nominal amount pursuant to the collective pension
insurance contract will be calculated as shown in the table below,
with a growth per linear segments between each of the thresholds
between 100 bps and 300 bps inclusive:

Average of the annual gaps (ROCE – WACC) over three years in bps (a)

Proportion of indemnity due

≥ 300

100%

250

66%

200

50%

100

25%

< 100

0%

(a) bps: basis points.

The amount of the 2027 payments in respect of 2026 is estimated
at approximately 410,111 euros, subject to performance
conditions.

F. Indemnities relating to termination of duties
Termination indemnities
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of the
Remuneration Committee, decided that Mr François Jackow (who
unilaterally ended his employment contract as of his appointment
as Chief Executive Officer with effect from June 1, 2022) would
continue to benefit from a termination indemnity, subject to very
strict triggering conditions. The main terms are as follows:
■ only the cases of forced departure (removal from office, request
for resignation) of Mr François Jackow from his term of office
as Chief Executive Officer related to a change of strategy or a
change in control (in the latter case, the termination indemnity
is due, if the departure occurs within six months of the change
of control) may give rise to an indemnity;
■ the amount of the indemnity in any of these cases is set at the
24 previous months of annual gross fixed and variable
remuneration actually paid (24 months of fixed remuneration +
two previous annual variable remunerations actually paid) on
the date of termination of his duties (subject to the paragraph
relating to the non-competition commitment);

(1)

178

■ the amount of the indemnity due decreases gradually as Mr
François Jackow, in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer,
approaches the age limit defined in the Company’s articles of
association; in the event of a forced departure in the 24 months
preceding the date of departure due to the age limit set by the
articles of association, the amount of the indemnity due will be
capped at the number of months’ gross remuneration
separating the date of forced departure from the date when he
reaches such age limit; in any event, no indemnity shall be paid
should the beneficiary claim his pension entitlements on the
date of his forced departure;
■ the right to payment of the indemnity is subject to the
achievement of the performance conditions, the proportion of
the indemnity due decreasing depending on the rate of
achievement of such conditions (see below for details of the
performance conditions).

Performance conditions applicable
to the termination indemnity
The Board of Directors decided that the payment of the termination
indemnity concerning Mr François Jackow is subject to
compliance, duly acknowledged by the Board of Directors at the
time of or subsequent to the termination of his duties, with
conditions related to the beneficiary’s performance assessed in
light of the Company’s performance (unchanged compared to the
conditions included in the policy approved in May 2025), defined
as of today as follows:

It is specified that only two to three acquisitions have exceeded this level during the last 30 years.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

The right to benefit from the indemnity referred to above shall
depend on, and the amount of the indemnity paid will be adjusted
on the basis of, the average of the annual gap (measured on each
fiscal year) between the recurring Return on Capital Employed
after tax (ROCE) and the Weighted Average Cost of Capital
(WACC) (measured on the basis of the book value of equity),

calculated (on the basis of the certified Consolidated Financial
Statements, approved by the General Meeting) with respect to the
last three fiscal years prior to the fiscal year during which the
departure occurs.

The proportion of the indemnity due will be established as indicated in the table below, with an increase in the indemnity by straight-line
segments between each of the thresholds between 100 bps and 300 bps inclusive:
Average of the annual gaps (ROCE – WACC) over three years in bps (a)

Proportion of indemnity due

≥ 300

100%

250

66%

200

50%

100

25%

< 100

0%

(a) bps: basis points.

Indemnity relating to a non-competition commitment
To safeguard the legitimate interests of the Company, the Board of
Directors decided to grant a non-competition indemnity in
consideration of the commitment that would be made by the Chief
Executive Officer not to directly or indirectly serve a business
competing with that of the Group, for a term of two years as from
the date on which he ends his term of office.
The amount of this indemnity, payable monthly, would be equal to
one year of gross annual fixed and variable remuneration received
by the Chief Executive Officer (excluding sums received in respect
of long-term variable remuneration), the aggregated termination
indemnity and non-competition indemnity being capped at
24 months of annual gross fixed and variable remuneration
paid to the Chief Executive Officer on the date on which he ends
his term of office.
Payment of the non-competition indemnity shall not apply from the
moment the Chief Executive Officer exercises his pension
entitlements. In any event, no indemnity shall be paid beyond age 65.
The Board of Directors reserves the right to fully or partially waive
the non-competition commitment upon the departure of the Chief
Executive Officer, in which case no indemnity will be owed.

5.1.3. Remuneration policy applicable
to the Chairman of the Board of Directors

Depending on the circumstances, the Chairman may be
authorized to benefit from the death and disability plan covering all
personnel in addition to corporate officers duly authorized to
benefit therefrom.

B. 2026 Remuneration of the Chairman
of the Board of Directors
In accordance with the principles set out in paragraph 5.1 above,
the Board of Directors’ meeting of February 19, 2026, on the
recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, defined the
components of remuneration applicable to Mr Benoît Potier.
This remuneration (identical in its structure to that proposed since
2022) takes into account the specific role of the Chairman of the
Board in the particular context of a managerial transition that is
already well underway and the scope of the specific missions that
would be entrusted to him as from the renewal of his term of office
at the end of the 2026 General Meeting (cf. Chapter 3, section 2.2
“Missions of the Chairman of the Board of Directors”).
The proposed amount of the remuneration of the Chairman of the
Board of Directors also takes into account a study of market
practices, including a benchmark of remunerations of the Board
Chairs of the companies within the CAC 40 having a separated
governance mode, carried out with the assistance of a specialized
external consultant.

The remuneration principles and structure for the Chairman of the
Board of Directors included in this policy are unchanged from that
approved by the General Meeting on May 6, 2025.

The amount of the annual fixed remuneration of Mr Benoît Potier
would be reduced and brought to 700,000 euros (compared to
800,000 euros since 2022). This remuneration level would be
situated 8% above the median, i.e. between the median and the
third quartile of the panel.

Thus, in accordance with the recommendation of the AFEP/
MEDEF Code (article 26.2), the Chairman is only awarded fixed
remuneration, to the exclusion of any variable remuneration, LTI or
any exceptional remuneration.

The Chairman's remuneration includes no variable remuneration,
no long-term remuneration (notably LTI) nor any exceptional
remuneration. Mr Benoît Potier will not receive any additional
remuneration in his capacity as a Director.

Depending on the circumstances, the Chairman may receive
remuneration in respect of his duties as a Director (section 5.2
“Remuneration policy applicable to Directors”). Nevertheless, in
the case of Mr Benoît Potier, it has been decided that he will not
receive any remuneration as a Director.

Mr Benoît Potier will have the use of a company car, representing
a benefit in kind of approximately 2,793 euros per year.

A. Remuneration principles and structure

The Chairman of the Board of Directors has the material means to
fulfill his mission.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

In line with 2025, Mr Benoît Potier will continue to benefit from the
death and disability benefits plan (death benefits only) covering all
employees as well as corporate officers duly authorized to benefit
from them.
The 2026 contribution for the Company in respect of this plan is
estimated at 7,490 euros.

AIR LIQUIDE

179

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers

5.2. REMUNERATION POLICY APPLICABLE TO DIRECTORS
The remuneration policy applicable to Directors submitted to the
vote of the General Meeting is in line, in its principles and structure,
with the policy decided by the Board of Directors in February 2025
and approved by the General Meeting on May 6, 2025.
The latter seeks to determine, within the framework of the overall
pay package voted by the Ordinary General Meeting, a
remuneration that is competitive at the international level, in order
to benefit from the best and most suitable skills and expertise, in
accordance with the Board’s diversity policy and aligned with the
Group’s challenges and their development.
The maximum annual global pay package amounts to 1.5 million
euros per fiscal year, in accordance with the 14th resolution of the
Combined General Meeting of April 30, 2024.
This policy provides first of all for a fixed remuneration (prorated if
the term of office commences or comes to an end during the
course of the year) allocated to the Directors. This remuneration is
increased for the Lead Director, and an additional fixed
remuneration is allocated to the Chairs of the four Board
Committees, to take account of the level of responsibilities
incurred and the work involved as a result of these duties.
The Board of Directors at its meeting in February 2026 decided,
upon the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, to
increase the fixed remuneration allocated to the Chair of the Audit
and Accounts Committee, taking into account the increase in
responsibilities and workload associated with this function.
The fixed remunerations allocated to the Chairs of the other
Committees remain harmonized and unchanged.
The policy also includes a predominant variable remuneration
based on each Director’s attendance at the meetings of the Board
and the Committees/working groups, pursuant to the provisions of
the AFEP/MEDEF Code, in the form of the allocation of a fixed
amount for each attendance at a meeting.
Based on the work of the Remuneration Committee including the
review of a benchmark carried out on CAC 40 companies, the
Board of Directors decided to increase the amount allocated for
attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and
Committees. Thus, the proportion of the variable share of the
Board members' remuneration is further reinforced as from the
2026 fiscal year.
Remote participation in meetings is remunerated in the same way
as face-to-face attendance in order to take into account the quality
of the means of communication which allows members connecting
by videoconference to participate in meetings and take part in
discussions under qualitative conditions equivalent to physical
meetings. It does not call into question the preference of the Board
of Directors and its members for face-to-face participation in

180

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

meetings whenever possible, but takes into account the evolution
of modes of communication.
In order to take account of the distance for Directors coming from
abroad, a fixed amount per trip is added to the variable
remuneration for such Directors if attending in person (the
remuneration for intercontinental travel being higher than that
provided for intracontinental travel; it may be readjusted to remain
competitive at the international level).
This policy promotes attendance and effective participation by the
Directors in the work of the Board and Committees, which fosters
dialog between the Directors and with the executive management
team, and more generally a complete understanding by members of
the Group’s activities and challenges (including sustainability), which
ensures solid governance for the Company’s long-term future.
The recognition of the role of the Lead Director, who receives
additional remuneration in this regard, reflects the importance
accorded by the Company to its governance tasks in the context of
the meetings of the Board and the Appointments and Governance
Committee, as well as in an informal manner between such
meetings, thus promoting best governance practices. The
consideration, in the remuneration policy, of the work of the four
Specialized Committees is evidence of the importance accorded to
the preparation of the principal Board decisions, whether in terms
of the proper running of the governing bodies, the review of the
financial statements and the financial position, the risk analysis,
the consideration of sustainability matters across all the Group’s
activities, or the determination of an incentivizing remuneration
policy for the executives, and whose objectives are aligned with
those of the Company.
Accordingly, the remuneration policy for Directors, which is
balanced and incentivizing, contributes to the quality of the Board’s
work, which is thus able to determine the orientations of the
Company’s activity and its strategy in the best interests of the
Company, its employees and all the stakeholders.
The Company Officers do not receive remuneration in respect of
their office as Director or as Chairman of a Committee/working
group while they perform executive duties at L’Air Liquide S.A.
Moreover, pursuant to the provisions in force at the Group which
apply to all the employees who perform duties on the Group
companies’ Boards of Directors, and pursuant to the applicable
agreements within the Group, the employee Directors do not
receive remuneration in respect of their office as Director.
Expenses incurred during travel are reimbursed by the Company.
It is not proposed to re-evaluate the maximum annual global pay
package (which currently amounts to 1.5 million euros) at the
General Meeting of Shareholders in May 2026.

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Description of the stock option and performance share plans

DESCRIPTION OF THE STOCK OPTION
AND PERFORMANCE SHARE PLANS
1. Attribution policy
The Company attributes annually, in principle, performance
shares and/or stock options (hereinafter referred to as “LTI”) in
favor of its Executive Officers and its employees. Performance
share plans for its employees have been in place since 2008, and
have been open to the Executive Officers and the members of the
Executive Committee since 2015.
These attributions are decided upon by the Board of Directors
pursuant to the authorizations granted by the General Meeting,
and most recently by the Combined General Meeting of May 6,
2025 for a period of 38 months.
Since 2019, the Board of Directors has decided, in accordance
with the general market trend, to grant performance shares only
(instead of a mix of stock options and performance shares) to all
beneficiaries, in order to simplify and standardize the scheme.
The system for the LTI plans is aimed at three sets of beneficiaries:
■ the Company’s Executive Officer, for whom the attribution of
LTI and its evolution over time continue to be valued in terms

of the IFRS valuation (and not as attributed volumes), all stock
option and performance share plans included;
■ the members of the Executive Committee and the Group’s
managers who hold positions with a high level of responsibility
or who make special contributions to the Group, all of whom
benefit, beginning in 2015 for the Executive Committee and
since 2019/2020 for the other beneficiaries, from attribution
exclusively in the form of performance shares;
■ the specific contributors, such as those employees distinguished
by the quality of their conduct in exceptional situations, the
inventors and innovators, the middle managers, as well as an
expanded category of new employee beneficiaries.
The criteria used to draw up the lists of the beneficiary employees
reflect the jobs and the geographical areas in which the Group
carries out its activities and the specific contribution, the particular
potential, or the individual or collective conduct of the persons
concerned, which has been noted in exceptional situations.

ATTRIBUTIONS OF PERFORMANCE SHARES ON SEPTEMBER 30, 2025
Total number of performance shares

324,947

% of the share capital
Number of grants (a)
% of employees

0.06%
2,884
4.13%

(a) Including 2,744 distinct beneficiaries.

Performance conditions apply to all the performance shares which
are awarded to all the beneficiaries. They are described on
pages 148 to 149.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

As at December 31, 2025, the aggregate total of outstanding
performance shares for which the definitive grant date has not yet
occurred and the outstanding stock options not yet exercised
corresponds to the number of shares representing 0.25% of the
share capital on this date.

AIR LIQUIDE

181

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Description of the stock option and performance share plans

2. Stock option plans (information to be regarded
as the Special Report of the Board of Directors
within the meaning of article L. 225-184
of the French Commercial Code)
Pursuant to the decisions of the Board of Directors, following the
authorizations of the General Meeting and on the
recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, the Company
has adopted plans granting a certain number of stock options to
certain employees of the Company and its subsidiaries worldwide,
including the Executive Officer.
Stock options are granted for a minimum price which cannot be
lower than the average opening market price over the 20 trading
days preceding the grant date. The maximum exercise period is
10 years since the stock option plan dated October 14, 2011.

As of December 31, 2025, the number of outstanding share
options granted by the Board of Directors under the plans
approved by Annual General Meetings and not yet exercised
amounted to 218,094 options after adjustment (average price of
69.41 euros), or 0.04% of the share capital.
Of the total stock options authorized for issue by the General
Meeting of May 6, 2025, there was still a potential attribution of
11,587,688 stock options as at December 31, 2025 (no stock
options have been attributed since 2019, as the Board of
Directors decided to only attribute performance shares).

The stock options cannot be exercised before a minimum period of
four years after they are awarded. The Board of Directors has the
power to terminate this lock-in period if there is a takeover bid for
the Company’s shares or a merger or takeover of the Company.

TABLE 8. SUMMARY OF THE ONGOING PERFORMANCE SHARE PLANS IN 2025
2015

2016

2017

2018

Total

Date of authorization by the EGM

05/07/13

05/12/16

05/12/16

05/12/16

—

Date of Board meeting

09/28/15

11/29/16

09/20/17

09/25/18

—

Total number of share subscription options granted (d)

467,194

143,240

73,540

73,380

—

Benoît Potier (a)

70,000

60,000

23,100

23,690

Pierre Dufour (a)

39,900

—

—

—

92,090

23,160

7,160

6,540

—

399

243

204

217

—

of which the top ten employee beneficiaries
(non-corporate officers)
Number of beneficiaries
% of share capital represented by each grant

0.14%

0.04%

0.02%

0.02%

—

Rate of achievement of the performance conditions

82.50%

82.87%

100%

100%

—

Option exercise period start date

09/28/19

11/29/20

09/29/21

09/25/22

—

Expiration date

09/27/25

11/28/26

09/19/27

09/24/28

—

105.00

93.00

104.00

107.00

—

Subscription price in euros
As of 12/31/25, subscription price in euros (b)

69.12

62.86

70.30

79.76

—

As of 12/31/25, adjusted number of stock options (b)

626,943

193,048

102,578

95,310

—

As of 12/31/25, number of shares subscribed (d)

504,982

55,910

38,288

28,643

—

Number of stock options cancelled (b) (c)

121,961

35,433

7,363

7,205

—

0

101,705

56,927

59,462

218,094

NUMBER OF STOCK OPTIONS REMAINING (b)

As of % of the share capital

0.04%
579,384,423

(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)

Stock options granted (historical data).
Adjusted for share capital increases by attributions of free shares (2024, 2022, 2019, 2017) and for the share capital increase in cash of October 11, 2016.
Loss of exercise rights.
Number of shares or stock options (historical data).

The total number of options remaining to be exercised by Mr François Jackow as at December 31, 2025 is shown in the table on page 151.

182

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Description of the stock option and performance share plans

DETAIL OF THE ONGOING OPTION PLANS IN 2025 FOR MR BENOÎT POTIER
2013

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

Number of stock options granted (a)

100,000

100,000

70,000

60,000

23,100

23,690

Adjusted number of stock options granted
before applying the rate of achievement
of the performance conditions (b)

110,283

102,700

79,263

66,161

28,092

26,127

Rate of achievement of the performance conditions

94.90%

83.38%

82.50%

82.87%

100.00%

100.00%

104,659

85,631

65,391

54,827

28,092

26,127

26,048

27,781

22,338

18,737

6,083

5,655

130,707

113,412

87,729

73,564

34,175

31,782

Number of stock options after applying the rate
of achievement of the performance conditions
Adjustments impact after applying the rate
of achievement of the performance conditions
Adjusted total number of stock options granted
after applying the rate of achievement
of the performance conditions

(a) Stock options granted (historical data).
(b) To take into account, if applicable, capital increase through free share issues (2024, 2022, 2019, 2017, 2014) and the capital increase in cash on October 11, 2016.

N.B.: See page 157 for the adjusted number of stock options remaining to be exercised by Mr Benoît Potier as at December 31, 2025.

2.1. STOCK OPTIONS GRANTED IN 2025
No stock options were granted in 2025. As from 2019, the Board of Directors’ meeting of September 30, 2025, decided, in accordance
with the general market trend, to award only performance shares (instead of a mix of stock options and performance shares) to all
beneficiaries, in order to simplify and standardize the LTI scheme.

Table 9
TABLE 9.1. OPTIONS GRANTED TO THE 10 EMPLOYEES (EXCLUDING CORPORATE OFFICERS)
WHO WERE GRANTED THE HIGHEST NUMBER OF STOCK OPTIONS
Not applicable (no stock options granted in 2025).

2.2. STOCK OPTIONS EXERCISED IN 2025
Part of the stock options granted between 2015 and 2018 by the Board of Directors was exercised during the 2025 fiscal year for a total
of 276,387 shares at an average price of 69.05 euros.

TABLE 9.2. OPTIONS EXERCISED BY THE 10 EMPLOYEES OF L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A. AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
(EXCLUDING CORPORATE OFFICERS) WHO EXERCISED THE HIGHEST NUMBER OF OPTIONS
Grant date

Number
of options exercised

Average price
(in euros) (a)

09/28/2015

28,091

69.12

11/29/2016

6,789

62.86

09/20/2017

1,189

70.30

09/25/2018

902

79.76

36,971

68.27

TOTAL
(a) Historical data.

TABLE 9.3. STOCK OPTIONS EXERCISED BY THE 10 EMPLOYEES OF L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A
(EXCLUDING CORPORATE OFFICERS) WHO EXERCISED THE HIGHEST NUMBER OF OPTIONS
Grant date

Number
of options exercised

09/28/2015

23,895

69.12

11/29/2016

950

62.86

09/20/2017

1,186

70.30

09/25/2018

0

79.76

26,031

68.95

TOTAL

Average price
(in euros) (a)

(a) Historical data.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

183

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Description of the stock option and performance share plans

3. Performance share plans (information to be regarded
as the Special Report of the Board of Directors within
the meaning of article L. 225-197-4 of the French
Commercial Code)
3.1. DESCRIPTION
Since 2008, performance share attributions have been designed
to retain and motivate talented employees dynamically and to
reward performance over the medium term.
The Extraordinary General Meeting of May 6, 2025 authorized the
Board to attribute performance shares to the Group’s employees,
within an upper attribution limit equal to 0.5% of the share capital
over 38 months; pursuant to this upper limit, it fixed the limit on
the number of shares that can be attributed to the Executive
Officers over the same period, which amounts to 0.1% of the
share capital.
For each attribution, the Board determines a regulation governing
the attribution of performance shares to the beneficiaries
determined by the Board of Directors.
Performance shares are subject to:
■ a continued service requirement during the vesting period: the
shares granted to a beneficiary shall only finally vest if he or
she has been an employee or corporate officer of a Group
company during a vesting period, calculated as from the grant
date, of three years. In the event of retirement, the beneficiary
retains his rights, being no longer required to satisfy the
continued service requirement;

184

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

■ performance conditions which relate, since the first attribution
in 2008, to all performance shares awarded to any beneficiary;
see the performance conditions in the summary table for
attribution of performance shares below.
To date, the performance shares delivered have been treasury
shares issued as part of the Company’s buyback program (see
page 380).
The outstanding performance shares attributed by the Board of
Directors pursuant to the authorizations voted by the General
Meetings, for which the definitive attribution has not yet occurred,
amounted, after adjustment, to 1,204,179 shares as at
December 31, 2025, i.e. 0.21% of the shares that make up the
share capital.
Out of the total performance shares whose award was authorized
by the General Meeting of May 6, 2025 for 38 months,
2,571,975 performance shares remained potentially available for
award as at December 31, 2025.

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Description of the stock option and performance share plans

TABLE 10. SUMMARY OF THE ONGOING PERFORMANCE SHARE PLANS IN 2025
Performance
shares 2020

Performance
shares 2021

Performance
shares 2022

Performance
shares 2023

Performance
shares 2024

Performance
shares 2025

Grant date
by the EGM

05/07/2019

05/07/2019

05/04/2022

05/04/2022

05/04/2022

05/06/2025

Date of award by the Board
meeting

09/29/2020

09/29/2021

09/29/2022

09/28/2023

09/25/2024

09/30/2025

Total number of performance
shares awarded (a)

345,923

376,435

460,415

341,249

318,931

324,947

—

—

9,790

12,050

12,170

11,958

—

—

—

—

François Jackow
Benoît Potier

17,640

of which the top ten
employee beneficiaries
(excluding Executive
Officers) receiving the
highest number of shares

18,800

(e)

(e)

54,150

65,570

74,700

52,650

42,510

48,514

Share capital represented
by each award

0.07%

0.08%

0.09%

0.07%

0.06%

0.06%

Number of grants

2,294

2,154

2,635

2,679

2,846

Performance conditions
(“France” and “World”
Plans), over a period
of three years

ROCE

ROCE

■

ROCE

■

ROCE

■

TSR,
including
an element
of relative
comparison

■

TSR,
including
an element
of relative
comparison

■

■
TSR,
including
an element
of relative
comparison

TSR,
■
including
an element
of relative
comparison

TSR,
■
including
an element
of relative
comparison

TSR,
including
an element
of relative
comparison

■

change
in CO2
emissions

■

change
in CO2
emissions

■

change
in CO2
emissions

change
in CO2
emissions

change
in CO2
emissions

change
in CO2
emissions

■

ROCE

2,884

■

■

■

Total

■

■

ROCE

Number of performance
shares cancelled before
definitive award

67,199

84,155

60,428

35,107

9,070

1,386

Rate of achievement
of the performance
conditions (b) (d)

93.02%

95.61%

100%

96.37%

To be recorded
in 2027

To be recorded
in 2028

Definitive award date

09/29/2023

09/29/2024

09/29/2025

09/28/2026

09/25/2027

End of holding period

09/29/2025

09/29/2026

09/29/2027

09/28/2028

09/25/2029

Number of performance
shares after definitive award

124,182

141,759

181,805

—

Adjusted number of
performance shares after
definitive award (c)

— Single plan see
"World" Plan
hereunder

136,213

172,387

200,939

—

—

Adjusted number
of performance shares
in vesting period (c)

—

—

—

132,847

129,694

"France” Plan

“World” Plan
Definitive award date
(no additional holding
period)

09/29/2024

09/29/2025

09/29/2026

09/28/2027

09/25/2028

09/30/2028

Number of performance
shares after definitive award

160,676

160,430

835

585

—

—

Adjusted number
of performance shares
after definitive award (c)

197,098

196,951

921

646

—

—

Adjusted number
of performance shares
in vesting period (c)

—

—

244,712

193,198

180,167

323,561

ADJUSTED NUMBER
OF PERFORMANCE
SHARES DEFINITIVELY
AWARDED (“FRANCE”
AND “WORLD”) (C)

333,311

369,338

201,860

646

—

—

—

—

244,712

326,045

309,861

323,561

ADJUSTED NUMBER
OF PERFORMANCE
SHARES IN VESTING
PERIOD (“FRANCE”
AND “WORLD”) (C)

1,204,179*

(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)

Number of shares (historical data).
The objectives set are made public ex-post. For the 2023 plans, the objectives are described on pages 151 to 152.
Adjusted for share capital increases by attributions of free shares (2024,2022, 2019).
The number of performance shares definitively awarded depends upon rate of achievement of the performance conditions which ranges from 0% to 100%. If the
objective set is achieved or exceeded, the award is 100% (no additional award in the event of an overperformance).
(e) In view of the proration rules applying to Mr Benoît Potier, the maximum number of shares delivered, after recording of the performance criteria, were prorated in
the following proportion for the 2020 plan: 80.5% (i.e. a reduction of -19.5%) and for the 2021 plan: 47.1% (i.e. a reduction of -52.9%).
*
Number of performance shares after applying the rate of achievement of the performance conditions recorded by the Board on February 19, 2026 (2023 plans).
As of December 31, 2025 the outstanding performance shares which have not yet been definitively awarded amounted to 1,218,978 shares; after applying the
rate of achievement of the performance conditions, it amounts to 1,204,179 shares.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

185

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Description of the stock option and performance share plans

DETAIL OF THE PERFORMANCE SHARE PLANS UNDERWAY IN 2025 FOR MR BENOÎT POTIER
Performance
shares 2020

Performance
shares 2021

Performance
shares 2022

Performance
shares 2023

Performance
shares 2024

Performance
shares 2025

17,640

18,800

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

19,455

20,734

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

74.88%

45.03%

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

14,568

10,297

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

Number of performance
shares awarded (a)
Adjusted number
of performance shares
awarded, before applying
the rate of achievement
of the performance
conditions (b)
Rate of achievement
of the performance conditions
Adjusted number
of performance shares
on the definitive award date

(a) Number of shares (historical data).
(b) In order to take into account share capital increases through free share issues (2024, 2022, 2019).

DETAIL OF THE PERFORMANCE SHARE PLANS UNDERWAY IN 2025 FOR MR FRANÇOIS JACKOW
Performance
shares 2022

Performance
shares 2023

Performance
shares 2024

Performance
shares 2025

Number of performance shares awarded (a)

9,790

12,050

12,170

11,958

Adjusted number of performance shares awarded, before
applying the rate of achievement of the performance conditions (b)
Rate of achievement of the performance conditions

10,797

13,290

12,170

11,958

Adjusted number of performance shares
on the definitive award date

100.00%

96.37%

—

—

To be recorded To be recorded
in February
in February
2027
2028
—

—

(a) Number of shares (historical data).
(b) In order to take into account share capital increases through free share issues (2024).

3.2. SEPTEMBER 30, 2025 PERFORMANCE SHARE PLANS
Pursuant to the authorization of the Combined General Meeting of
May 6, 2025, as part of the September 30, 2025 Plan, the Board
of Directors made a conditional allocation of a total of
324,947 shares representing 0.06% of the share capital in terms
of the number of shares to 2,744 distinct beneficiaries.
The IFRS individual fair value for these performance shares
amounts to 151.77 euros for the Plan – see details of this IFRS
value in Note 21.5 “Share-based payments” in the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Subject to the satisfaction of the presence and performance
conditions, these shares will be fully vested for the beneficiaries on
September 30, 2028.
For this award, the Board adopted performance conditions
calculated over three fiscal years (for a full description, see
pages 148 and 149).
The rate of achievement of the performance conditions will be
recorded by the Board of Directors at its meeting to approve the
financial statements for the 2027 fiscal year.

SEPTEMBER 30, 2025 PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN – DISTRIBUTION BETWEEN THE VARIOUS CATEGORIES
OF BENEFICIARIES
Number of beneficiaries

Number of shares

1

11,958

Executive Officers of L’Air Liquide S.A.
Senior executives (who are not corporate officers of L’Air Liquide S.A.),
managers and special contributors
Other employees, new beneficiaries

83

96,124

2,660

216,865

SEPTEMBER 30, 2025 PERFORMANCE SHARE PLAN – SHARES ALLOCATED TO THE 10 EMPLOYEES OF L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.
(EXCLUDING CORPORATE OFFICERS), WHO WERE GRANTED THE HIGHEST NUMBER OF SHARES
Number of shares
For L’Air Liquide S.A.

For L’Air Liquide S.A. and its subsidiaries

35,345
48,514

3.3. RATE OF ACHIEVEMENT OF THE PERFORMANCE CONDITIONS
FOR THE AWARD OF SEPTEMBER 28, 2023
Based on the financial statements adopted for the 2025 fiscal year, subject to the approval of the next General Meeting, the Board of
Directors’ meeting of February 19, 2026 recorded the rate of achievement of the performance conditions defined at the time of the
award of the performance share grant dated September 28, 2023. Consequently, the total proportion of shares subject to conditions
which are fully vested for the beneficiaries is 96.37% (for more details, see pages 151 to 152).
186

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Employee savings and share ownership

EMPLOYEE SAVINGS
AND SHARE OWNERSHIP
For many years, Air Liquide has pursued an active policy promoting employee profit-sharing and incentive schemes in connection with
the Group’s growth and the development of employee share ownership in the Company’s capital.

1. Profit-sharing
Profit-sharing and incentive schemes have been organized for
many years in Group companies in France and paid almost
72.0 million euros for 2024 performance. This year these
schemes cover over 99% of employees.

Since 2021, the employees of L’Air Liquide S.A. may invest their
incentive and profit-sharing (excluding Company contributions) in
the Air Liquide Supplementary Retirement Savings Plan. In 2025,
605 thousand euros were invested in this plan.

Under the Company Savings Plans, Group employees in France
can make payments to dedicated and diversified investment
funds, on a voluntary basis or based on profit-sharing, incentives
and, where applicable, Company contributions and thus benefit
from the preferential tax regime applicable in consideration for
locking-in their assets over a period of five years.

In 2025, L’Air Liquide S.A. employees invested 90% of their profitsharing and incentives in savings plans (excluding Company
contributions), respectively in bond-weighted assets (26.3%) and
equity-weighted assets (30.4%) (excluding the AL SAVINGS fund).

In 2025, L’Air Liquide S.A. distributed 9.2 million euros gross
(excluding Company contributions) in respect of profit-sharing and
incentives. Some 1,198 employees benefited from these schemes.
Company contributions to the Company Savings Plan are
negotiated every year and amounted to nearly 1.2 million euros
gross in 2025. These payments correspond to an average amount
of 7,652 euros gross per employee excluding Company contribution.

A total of 43.3% of these employee savings was invested in
corporate mutual funds holding only Air Liquide shares
(AL SAVINGS fund) compared with 40.5% in 2024.

2. Employee shareholding
The Group is keen to involve its employees in its development.
These employee share ownership offers contribute significantly to
increasing employee motivation and a sense of belonging to
the Group.
Since 1986, the Company has regularly performed share capital
increases reserved for Group employees, for which subscription is
offered at a preferential rate. The most recent capital increase,
conducted in November 2025, resulted in the subscription of
848,773 shares by 22,188 Group employees and retirees,
representing 33.45% of the eligible population in 57 countries.
In France, the shares subscribed in these capital increases are
also eligible for the preferential tax regime applicable provided
that they are blocked over a period of five years, while those held

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

abroad are governed by the legal regulations prevailing in each
relevant country.
At the end of 2025, the share of capital held by Group employees
and former employees was estimated at 3.0%, of which 2.2%
corresponded (within the meaning of article L. 225-102 of the
French Commercial Code) to shares subscribed by employees
under employee-reserved capital increases or held through
mutual funds. The percentage of Group employees holding
L’Air Liquide S.A. shares totaled around 49% of the workforce.
Air Liquide wishes to pursue this strategy and further the
development of its employee share ownership, by regularly
offering share capital increases to employees.

AIR LIQUIDE

187

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Employee savings and share ownership

3. Employee stock purchase plan (2025) – Additional report
Dear Shareholder,
In accordance with article R. 225-116 of the French Commercial
Code, we hereby submit this additional report on the use we
made of the delegations of authority that you entrusted to the
Board of Directors at the Company’s Combined General Meeting
of May 6, 2025, in the twentieth and twenty-first resolutions, for a
maximum period of 26 months, in order, pursuant to the
provisions of article L. 225-138-1 of the French Commercial Code
and articles L. 3332-18 et seq. of the French Labor Code, to
increase the share capital, on one or more occasions, up to a limit
of 4 million shares with a par value of 5.50 euros each, the
subscription of these shares being reserved for employees of the
Company and of French or foreign companies related to it within
the meaning of articles L. 225-180 of the French Commercial
Code and L. 3344-1 of the French Labor Code, members of a
Company or Group savings plan.

3.1. AUTHORIZATIONS AND DECISIONS
We remind you that under this delegation of the General Meeting:
■ the Board of Directors, by decision dated July 28, 2025,
decided on the principle of:
– (i) a capital increase in favor of eligible employees of
L’Air Liquide S.A. and its French and foreign subsidiaries
belonging to the French Share Purchase Plan (FSPP) or
the International Group Share Purchase Plan (IGSPP)
pursuant to the 20th resolution, on the one hand, and
– (ii) a capital increase in favor of the employees and
corporate officers of companies related to the Company
under the conditions of article L. 225-180 of the French
Commercial Code and article L. 3344-1 of the French Labor
Code, having their registered office in the United States and
members of the IGSPP pursuant to the 21st resolution, on
the other hand (hereinafter together, the “Operation”),
within the limit of 850,000 shares;
■ for this purpose, at its meeting of July 28, 2025, the Board of
Directors delegated to the Chief Executive Officer all
necessary powers to decide on this capital increase and to
implement this operation, and in particular to:
– draw up the list of companies eligible for the operation,
– set the subscription price (including, where applicable, the
subscription prices applicable locally),
– set the terms and conditions and deadline for paying up the
subscribed shares,
– set the opening and closing dates for the subscription,
– record the creation of new shares and the completion of the
corresponding capital increase,
– charge, where applicable, the costs, duties and fees
incurred by the issue against the amount of the
corresponding premium,
– prepare the additional report specifying the final terms of
the operation,
– amend the articles of association accordingly, and
– do whatever is useful and necessary to implement
the operation.

188

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

As a result and making use of the delegation granted by the
Board of Directors, on October 29, 2025 the Chief Executive
Officer decided to carry out this operation, set the opening and
closing dates of the subscription period and the subscription price
of the new Air Liquide shares in connection with the employee
stock purchase plan.

3.2. MAIN CHARACTERISTICS
OF THE OPERATION
The employee stock purchase plan is governed by the applicable
legal and regulatory provisions of the French Share Purchase
Plan (FSPP) and the International Group Share Purchase Plan
(IGSPP) in force.
Subscription to this capital increase was open to employees and
eligible corporate officers of the Group’s French and foreign
companies whose share capital or voting rights were more than
50% held by L’Air Liquide S.A. and members of the FSPP or
IGSPP, provided that these employees had at least three months
of seniority at the closing date of the subscription period (stricter
seniority conditions being set by certain countries pursuant to
local regulations). In addition, the operation was open to retirees
of the Group’s French subsidiaries that had belonged to the
FSPP, provided that these retirees had retained assets in the
Air Liquide Group FSPP.
You are reminded that by decisions of the Chairman and CEO on
March 30, 2009, November 2, 2010, October 29, 2013, March 16,
2016, October 30, 2018 and October 30, 2021, then by decision
of the Chief Executive Officer on October 30, 2023, certain
companies, directly or indirectly held at between 40% and 50% by
L’Air Liquide S.A., were admitted to the FSPP or the IGSPP. For
the purposes of this operation, no new companies directly or
indirectly held at between 40% and 50% were admitted to the
FSPP or the IGSPP.
For reasons related to the local context, employees of the Group’s
foreign subsidiaries in the following countries were not able to
participate in the operation: Namibia, Mozambique and Vietnam.
The subscription price was set at 137.89 euros (146.50 euros for
the United States) per share, corresponding to the average of the
opening prices of the Air Liquide share over the 20 trading days
preceding the date of the Chief Executive Officer’s decision setting
the dates of the subscription period, i.e. 172.36 euros per share
(“the Reference Price”), this average being reduced by 20% (15%
for the United States) and rounded up to the nearest euro cent.
The maximum subscription amount per eligible employee was
limited to 25% of the gross annual remuneration of each
subscriber, in accordance with the regulations applicable to savings
plans (in France, this limit includes all other voluntary payments
made into Company or Group savings plans, during 2025). A
matching contribution was proposed by L’Air Liquide S.A. and the
French subsidiaries that had joined the FSPP and adopted the
2025 addendum on this point, at a rate of 1 free share for 1 or
2 shares subscribed, 2 free shares for 3, 4 or 5 shares subscribed,
3 free shares for 6 or more shares subscribed, with a maximum of
3 free shares per employee.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Employee savings and share ownership

The share subscription period was open from November 3, 2025
to November 13, 2025 inclusive (until noon, Paris time).
Pursuant to the powers granted by the Board of Directors at its
meeting of July 28, 2025, the capital increase was recorded on
December 9, 2025.
Subscription requests being higher than the limit of 850,000 shares
decided by the Board of Directors in its aforementioned decisions
(namely 904,694 shares at a price of 137.89 euros requested by
all subscribers outside the United States, and 68,881 shares at a
price of 146.50 euros requested by subscribers in the United
States, i.e. a total number of shares requested of 973,575 shares),
it was decided to cap subscription requests that exceeded the
average subscription, under the terms set by the Chief Executive
Officer in his decision of October 29, 2025.

The total number of new shares issued is therefore 848,773,
with a par value of 5.50 euros each, for a total number of
22,188 subscribers.
The new shares issued are Air Liquide ordinary shares of the
same class as and immediately assimilated with Air Liquide
shares already admitted to trading on the Euronext Paris market
(Compartment A). They will be admitted to trading on the
Euronext Paris market under the same ISIN code
(FR0000120073) as existing Air Liquide shares and will give
entitlement to any dividend distribution decided by the General
Meeting subsequent to the date of the decision to record the
capital increase (i.e. December 9, 2025). The new shares will be
subject to all provisions of the Company’s articles of association.

3.3. IMPACT OF THE ISSUE OF 848,773 SHARES ON THE POSITION OF SHAREHOLDERS
AND THEIR SHARE OF EQUITY AND THEORETICAL IMPACT ON THE MARKET VALUE
OF THE SHARE
3.3.1. Impact on equity holdings in the Company’s share capital
Based on the share capital of L’Air Liquide S.A. as of December 9, 2025 before the employee stock purchase plan, i.e.
578,501,724 shares, the impact of the issue on the equity holding of a shareholder holding 1% of the share capital of L’Air Liquide S.A.
prior to the issue and not subscribing to said issue is as follows:
Equity holding of shareholder (in %)
Undiluted basis
Diluted basis (a)

Before issuance of new shares resulting
from this capital increase
After issuance of new shares resulting from this capital increase

1%

0.998%

0.999%

0.996%

(a) The calculations are carried out assuming the exercise of all of the Company’s dilutive instruments existing on December 9, 2025 that may be exercised,
taking into account an average share price over the last 20 days of 166.31 euros.

3.3.2. Impact of the issue on the share of equity
Based on the Company’s equity as shown in the Company financial statements at December 31, 2025, the impact of the issue on the
share of equity for the holder of one Air Liquide share prior to the issuance and not subscribing to said issuance is as follows:
Share of equity (in euros)
Undiluted basis

Diluted basis (a)

Before issuance of new shares resulting
from this capital increase

16.52

16.54

After issuance of new shares resulting from this capital increase

16.69

16.72

(a) The calculations are carried out assuming the exercise of all of the Company’s dilutive instruments existing on December 9, 2025 that may be exercised,
taking into account an average share price over the last 20 days of 166.31 euros.

3.3.3. Theoretical impact on the market value
of the Air Liquide share
The theoretical impact on the market value of the share of the
issue of 848,773 shares at the issue price is calculated as follows:
■ Theoretical share price before the operation = average of the
20 opening prices of the Air Liquide share preceding the date
of the Chief Executive Officer’s decision setting the
subscription price and the dates of the subscription period (i.e.
the average opening price of the share between October 2,
2025 and October 29, 2025). This theoretical share price was
172.36 euros.
■ Share price after the operation = [(theoretical share price
before the operation x number of shares before the operation)
+ (issue price x number of new shares)]/(number of shares
before the operation + number of new shares).

Given these assumptions, the theoretical market value of the
share after the operation would be 172.31 euros for a theoretical
share price before the operation of 172.36 euros.
It is specified that this theoretical approach is given purely as an
indication and in no way prejudges future changes in the share price.
The dilutive effect of this share issue will be neutralized by
buybacks of its own shares by the Company, which will be carried
out during the 2026 fiscal year, as part of the share buyback
program presented to the Board of Directors and already
approved by the General Meeting (May 6, 2025).
Paris, February 19, 2026
The Board of Directors of L’Air Liquide S.A.

The average issue price of the reserved capital increase was
138.53 euros.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

189

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Employee savings and share ownership

4. Statutory Auditors’ supplementary report on the increase
in capital, with cancellation of preferential subscription
rights, reserved for the employees who are members
of a company or group savings plan
This is a free translation into English of the Statutory Auditors’ report issued in French and is provided solely for the convenience of
English-speaking readers. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional
standards applicable in France.
Year ended December 31, 2025
To the Shareholders,
In our capacity as Statutory Auditors of your Company, and in
compliance with article R. 225-116 of the French Commercial
Code (Code de commerce), we hereby present you an additional
report to our March 5, 2025 report, on the issue of ordinary shares
and other equity securities giving rights to the share capital
reserved for the employees of the Company and of any French of
foreign companies related to it within the meaning of article
L. 225-180 of the French Commercial Code and article L. 3344-1
of the French Labor Code (Code du travail), provided that such
employees are members of a company or group savings plan, as
approved by the Combined General Meeting of the Company’s
Shareholder’s Meeting of May 6, 2025.
This share capital increase was submitted to your approval in
compliance with articles L. 225-129-6 of the French Commercial
Code and L. 3332-18 of the French Labor Code.
This Meeting delegated authority to your Board of Directors to
decide on such an operation within a period of 26 months and for
a maximum amount of 22 million euros (i.e. 4 million shares at a
nominal value of 5.50 euros).
Under this delegation of authority, at its July 28, 2025 meeting, the
Board of Directors decided a share capital increase reserved for the
employees members of a company or group savings plan which will
be limited to 850,000 shares with a nominal value of 5.50 euros. At
this date, the Board of Directors also subdelegated to your Chief
Executive Officer all necessary powers to proceed with this operation.
Exercising this subdelegation, your Chief Executive Officer
decided on October 29, 2025, to proceed with this operation.
Subscription to this capital increase was open to employees and
eligible corporate officers of the Group’s French and foreign
companies whose share capital or voting rights were more than
50% held by L’Air Liquide S.A. and members of the PE France or
PEGI, provided that these employees have at least three months
of seniority at the closing date of the subscription period (stricter
seniority conditions being set by certain countries in application of
local regulations).
It is to be noted that, pursuant to decisions made by the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer on March 30, 2009, November 2, 2010,
October 29, 2013, March 16, 2016 and October 30, 2018, then by
of the Chief Executive Officer on October 30, 2023, certain
companies, in which L’ Air Liquide S.A. directly or indirectly holds
40% to 50%, were allowed to join to the PE France or the PEGI.
However, for reasons related to the local context, employees of the
Group’s foreign subsidiaries in the following countries were not able
to participate in the operation: Namibia, Mozambique and Vietnam.

On December 9, 2025, your Chief Executive Officer noted the
issuance of 848,773 shares with a nominal value of 5.50 euros
and a subscription price of 137.89 euros (146.50 euros for the
United States) which corresponds to an average issuance
subscription price of 138.53 euros.
It is the Board of Directors’ responsibility to prepare a report in
accordance with articles R. 225-115 and R. 225-116 and
R. 22-10-31 of the French Commercial Code (Code de
commerce). It is our responsibility to express an opinion on the
fairness of the information taken from the Financial Statements,
on the proposed cancellation of shareholders’ preferential
subscription rights and on certain other information relating to this
issue contained in this report.
We have performed the procedures we considered necessary in
accordance with professional standards applicable in France to
such engagements. These procedures consisted in verifying:
■ the fairness of the financial information taken from the
Consolidated Financial Statements approved by the Board of
Directors. We have audited these Financial Statements in
accordance with professional standards applicable in France;
■ the compliance of the terms and conditions of the operation with
respect to the delegation of authority granted by the Combined
General Meeting of the Company’s Shareholder’s Meeting;
■ the information provided in the Board of Directors’ additional
report on the methods for calculating the issue price and its
final amount.
We have no matters to report as to:
■ the fairness of the financial information taken from these
Consolidated Financial Statements and provided in the Board
of Directors’ report;
■ the compliance of the terms and conditions of the operation
with respect to the delegation of authority granted by the
Combined General Meeting of the Company’s Shareholder’s
Meeting of May 6, 2025 and the accompanying information
provided to shareholders;
■ the methods for calculating the issue price and its final amount;
■ the presentation of the impact of the issuance on the position of
holders of equity securities and other securities granting access
to the Company’s share capital, as expresses in relation to
shareholders’ equity and the market value of the shares;
■ the proposed cancellation of preferential subscription rights,
upon which you have voted.

Neuilly-Sur-Seine and Paris La Défense, March 5, 2026
The Statutory Auditors
French original signed by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit
Olivier Lotz

190

Cédric Le Gal

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

KPMG S.A.
Valérie Besson

Laurent Genin

AIR LIQUIDE

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Transactions involving Company shares performed by Company Officers in accordance
with article L. 621-18-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code

TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING COMPANY
SHARES PERFORMED BY COMPANY
OFFICERS IN ACCORDANCE WITH
ARTICLE L. 621-18-2 OF THE FRENCH
MONETARY AND FINANCIAL CODE
In 2025, the following transactions involving Company shares were performed by corporate officers and members of General
Management, pursuant to article L. 621-18-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code:
Average price

Nature of the transactions

Date of transaction

François Jackow

Exercise of 7,721 options of L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.

February 24, 2025

69.12

François Jackow

Divestiture of 7,721 shares of L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.

February 24, 2025

177.24

(in euros)

Benoît Potier

Divestiture of 64,591 shares of L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.

February 28, 2025

176.50

François Jackow

Divestiture of 1,814 shares of L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.

March 10, 2025

181.60

Benoît Potier

Exercise of 87,729 options of L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.

March 11, 2025

69.12

François Jackow

Divestiture of 1,329 shares of L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.

May 15, 2025

183.31

François Jackow

Divestiture of 1 244 shares of L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.

September 9, 2025

177.79

François Jackow

Final allocation of 17,150 shares of L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.

September 29, 2025

176.30

Jérôme Pelletan

Final allocation of 3,927 shares of L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.

September 29, 2025

176.30

François Jackow

Divestiture of 1,000 shares of L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.

November 14, 2025

172.26

Jérôme Pelletan

Subscription of 63 shares of L’AIR LIQUIDE S.A.

December 9, 2025

139.54

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

191

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

CONTENT

Factors that may have an impact in the event of a takeover bid

FACTORS THAT MAY HAVE AN IMPACT
IN THE EVENT OF A TAKEOVER BID
Pursuant to article L. 22-10-11 of the French Commercial Code, the factors that may have an impact in the event of a takeover bid are set
forth below.

1. Powers of the Board of Directors
The share buyback authorization currently granted to the
Company excludes any buybacks during a period of bidding on
the Company’s shares.
Furthermore, the following delegations of authority granted to the
Board of Directors are suspended during periods of takeover bids:
■ the delegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors by
the Combined General Meeting of April 30, 2024 in its
eighteenth resolution to increase the share capital by
incorporating additional paid-in capital, reserves, profits or
other and the delegation that will replace this, subject to
approval by the Combined General Meeting on May 5, 2026;

■ the delegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors by
the Combined General Meeting of May 6, 2025 in its sixteenth
resolution to increase the share capital by issuing ordinary
shares or marketable securities.
Some provisions relating to the regulations of the stock options
plans are also applicable in the event of a takeover bid launched
on the Company’s shares (see page 182 of this Universal
Registration Document).

2. Agreements by the Company that may be modified
or terminated in the event of a change of control
of the Company
Several bond issues under the Group’s EMTN program include a
clause providing that, under certain circumstances, the early
repayment of such bonds may be requested in the event of a
change of control of the Company:
■ private placement issued in January 2008 maturing in January
2038 (15 billion yen, or 81.5 million euros equivalent (1));
■ private placement issued in January 2014 maturing in January
2026 (150 million euros);
■ private placement issued in March 2014 maturing in March
2029 (100 million euros);
■ bond issued in June 2016 maturing in June 2028 (1,000 million
euros);
■ bond issued in March 2017 maturing in March 2027
(600 million euros);
■ bond issued in June 2019 maturing in June 2030 (600 million
euros);
■ bond issued in April 2020 maturing in April 2030 (500 million
euros);
■ green bond issued in May 2021 maturing in May 2031
(500 million euros);
■ bond issued in September 2021 maturing in September 2033
(500 million euros);
■ bond issued in September 2022 maturing in September 2032
(500 million euros);

■ green bond issued in March 2025 maturing in March 2035
(500 million euros);
■ multi-tranche bond issued in November 2025 maturing in
November 2027 (400 million euros), November 2029
(500 million euros), May 2033 (500 million euros) and
November 2037 (750 million euros).
Three bonds (or private placements) issued outside of the
Group’s EMTN program include a clause providing that, under
certain circumstances, the early repayment of such bonds may be
requested in the event of a change of control of the Company:
■ US private placement issued in September 2012 maturing in
September 2027 (100 million US dollars, i.e. 85.1 million euros
equivalent (2));
■ US public bond (144a format) issued in September 2016
maturing in September 2026 (934 million US dollars, or
794.9 million euros equivalent (2)) and September 2046
(682 million US dollars, or 580.4 million euros equivalent (2)); and
■ US public bond (144a format) issued in September 2019
maturing in September 2029 (500 million US dollars, or
425.5 million euros equivalent (2)).
Some credit agreements of the Group include a clause providing
that, under certain circumstances, the early repayment of the
advances made under those credit agreements may be requested
in the event of a change of control of the Company.

■ green bond issued in May 2024 maturing in May 2034
(500 million euros);

(1)
(2)

192

Converted at closing rates as at December 31, 2025, with 1 EUR = 184.09 JPY.
Converted at closing rates as at December 31, 2025, with 1 EUR = 1.1750 USD.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Factors that may have an impact in the event of a takeover bid

3. Agreements providing indemnities for Board members
or employees if they resign or are dismissed without
good and sufficient cause or if their employment ends
due to a takeover bid
The indemnities granted to the Company’s corporate officers in the event of a termination of their office are detailed on pages 153 to 155
of this Universal Registration Document.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

193

CONTENT

194

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

4

Financial
Statements

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

197

Consolidated income statement

197

Statement of net income and gains
and losses recognized directly in equity
Consolidated balance sheet
Consolidated cash flow statement
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
Accounting principles
Basis for presentation of financial information

198
199
200
201
203
212

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2025

214

Foreign exchange rates and
main consolidated companies
Statutory Auditors’ offices and fees

256
259

Statutory Auditors’ report on the Consolidated
Financial Statements

261

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

STATUTORY ACCOUNTS
ON THE PARENT COMPANY

265

Income statement
Balance sheet
Notes to the statutory accounts

265
266
267

Statutory Auditors’ report on the annual
Financial Statements
Five-year summary of Company results

278
281

AIR LIQUIDE

195

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

196

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Consolidated income statement
For the year ended December 31
Notes

2024

2025

Revenue

(3)

27,057.8

26,940.2

Other income

(4)

234.0

347.3

Purchases

(4)

(10,008.2)

(9,651.2)

Personnel expenses

(4)

(5,165.7)

(5,088.4)

Other expenses

(4)

(4,221.4)

(4,402.8)

(in millions of euros)

Operating income recurring before depreciation and amortization
Depreciation and amortization expense

(4)

Operating income recurring

7,896.5

8,145.1

(2,505.1)

(2,563.5)

5,391.4

5,581.6

Other non-recurring operating income

(5)

64.8

50.8

Other non-recurring operating expenses

(5)

(510.6)

(353.7)

Operating income

4,945.6

5,278.7

Net finance costs

(6)

(258.4)

(242.5)

Other financial income

(6)

8.5

7.8

Other financial expenses

(6)

(168.5)

(161.5)

Income taxes

(7)

(1,086.5)

(1,230.5)

Share of profit of equity affiliates

(14)

(0.7)

(7.6)

3,440.0

3,644.4

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD
■ Minority interests
■ Net profit (Group share)

133.9

126.5

3,306.1

3,517.9

Basic earnings per share (in euros)

(8)

5.74

6.10

Diluted earnings per share (in euros)

(8)

5.72

6.08

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

197

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Statement of net income and gains
and losses recognized directly in equity
For the year ended December 31
(in millions of euros)

Profit for the period

2024

2025

3,440.0

3,644.4

Items recognized in equity
Change in fair value of financial instruments

25.9

(119.9)

Change in foreign currency translation reserve

912.4

(2,525.2)

Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit

938.3

(2,645.1)

Actuarial gains/(losses)

2.4

112.8

Items that may not be subsequently reclassified to profit

2.4

112.8

940.7

(2,532.3)

4,380.7

1,112.1

Items recognized in equity, net of taxes
Net income and gains and losses recognized directly in equity
■ Attributable to minority interests
■ Attributable to equity holders of the parent

198

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

150.7

78.1

4,230.0

1,034.0

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated balance sheet
For the year ended December 31
ASSETS (in millions of euros)

Notes

December 31, 2024

December 31, 2025

Goodwill

(10)

14,977.4

13,823.2

Other intangible assets

(11)

1,691.5

1,562.3

Property, plant and equipment

(12)

25,538.7

24,909.7

Non-current assets

42,207.6

40,295.2

Non-current financial assets

(13)

746.3

708.9

Investments in equity affiliates

(14)

198.3

174.6

Deferred tax assets

(15)

335.0

303.4

Fair value of non-current derivatives (assets)

(25)

32.9

61.7

1,312.5

1,248.6

Other non-current assets
TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS

43,520.1

41,543.8

Inventories and work-in progress

(16)

2,189.6

2,128.3

Trade receivables

(17)

2,996.7

2,866.5

Other current assets

(19)

1,068.2

907.4

96.7

32.8

Current tax assets
Fair value of current derivatives (assets)

(25)

77.3

92.4

Cash and cash equivalents

(20)

1,915.3

3,962.0

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS

8,343.8

9,989.4

ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

3.6

380.2

51,867.5

51,913.4

TOTAL ASSETS

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES (in millions of euros)

December 31, 2024

December 31, 2025

Share capital

Notes

3,180.4

3,186.6

Additional paid-in capital

2,064.1

2,192.5

Retained earnings

18,534.2

17,496.5

Treasury shares

(224.8)

(179.6)

Net profit (Group share)

3,306.1

3,517.9

Shareholders' equity

26,860.0

26,213.9

Minority interests
TOTAL EQUITY ⁽ª⁾
Provisions, pensions and other employee benefits

761.3

733.3

(21)

27,621.3

26,947.2
2,028.6

(22, 23)

2,025.6

Deferred tax liabilities

(15)

2,527.1

2,372.9

Non-current borrowings

(24)

8,403.1

10,030.0

Non-current lease liabilities

(12)

1,133.8

1,034.3

Other non-current liabilities

(26)

642.8

630.7

Fair value of non-current derivatives (liabilities)

(25)

29.7

32.9

14,762.1

16,129.4

TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Provisions, pensions and other employee benefits

(22, 23)

418.9

393.3

Trade payables

(27)

3,319.0

3,004.1

Other current liabilities

(26)

2,483.7

2,382.4

Current tax payables

273.1

212.5

Current borrowings

(24)

2,671.4

2,347.5

Current lease liabilities

(12)

239.8

225.1

Fair value of current derivatives (liabilities)

(25)

76.9

192.8

9,482.8

8,757.7

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES
LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

1.3

79.1

51,867.5

51,913.4

(a) A breakdown of changes in shareholders’ equity and minority interests is presented in the Consolidated statement of changes in equity.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

199

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated cash flow statement
For the year ended December 31
(in millions of euros)

Notes

2024

2025

3,306.1

3,517.9

133.9

126.5

Operating activities
Net profit (Group share)
Minority interests
Adjustments:
■ Depreciation and amortization expense

(4)

2,505.1

2,563.5

■ Changes in deferred taxes

(7)

(42.3)

109.3

304.0

185.1

■ Changes in provisions
■ Share of profit of equity affiliates

(14)

■ Profit/loss on disposal of assets (a)
■ Net finance costs (a)

(24)

■ Other non cash items (b)
Cash flows from operating activities before changes in working capital (a)
Changes in working capital

(18)

Other cash items (c)
Net cash flows from operating activities

0.7

7.6

(7.0)

13.4

178.2

146.5

160.6

185.3

6,539.3

6,855.1

(155.1)

(226.0)

(62.0)

(110.7)

6,322.2

6,518.4

(3,525.1)

(3,843.4)

(269.0)

(254.0)

80.1

154.5

113.0

177.8

Investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (c)

(11,12)

Acquisition of consolidated companies and financial assets

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (a)
Proceeds from the sale of subsidiaries, net of net debt sold and from the sale
of financial assets (a)
Dividends received from equity affiliates
Net cash flows used in investing activities
Financing activities
Dividends paid (d)

(14)

17.6

14.1

(3,583.4)

(3,751.0)

■ L’Air Liquide S.A.

(1,718.1)

(1,955.0)

■ Minority interests

(90.3)

(98.2)

Proceeds from issues of share capital (d)

34.4

139.5

Purchase of treasury shares (d)

(230.8)

(4.0)

Net financial interests paid (a)

(218.2)

(177.7)

Increase (decrease) in borrowings (e)

(266.8)

2,060.4

Lease liabilities repayments

(239.1)

(232.7)

Net interests paid on lease liabilities

(45.3)

(50.3)

Transactions with minority shareholders

(33.4)

(26.7)

(2,807.6)

(344.7)

Net cash flows from (used in) financing activities
Effect of exchange rate changes and change in scope of consolidation

(32.4)

(47.2)

Net increase (decrease) in net cash and cash equivalents
NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING
OF THE PERIOD

(101.2)

2,375.5

1,403.6

1,302.4

NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE PERIOD

1,302.4

3,677.9

(a) In accordance with IAS 7.35, the Group classifies cash flows from income taxes as operating flows, unless they can be specifically attributed to financing and
investing activities. Consequently, the Group presents the cost of net debt, proceeds from disposals, capital gains or losses on asset disposals and interest paid
net of tax.
(b) This item includes net non-cash charges relating to IAS 19, IFRS 16 unwinding of discounting, IFRS 2 charge.
(c) This post notably includes increases in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (excluding right-of-use assets) and the change in payables on fixed
assets for -€2.5 million in 2025 (€15.7 million in 2024). From 2025 onwards, investment grants are reported on the line “purchase of property, plant and
equipment and intangible assets” while they were presented within “other cash items” in 2024. If this presentation had been effective in 2024, the line “other
cash items” would have amounted to -122.6 million euros and the line “purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets" would have amounted
to -3,464.5 million euros.
(d) A breakdown of dividends paid, share capital increases and treasury share purchases is provided in Consolidated statement of changes in equity.
(e) This item includes in particular the change in other non current and current financial assets.

The analysis of net cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period is as follows:
(in millions of euros)

Cash and cash equivalents

200

Notes

December 31, 2024

December 31, 2025

(20)

1,915.3

3,962.0

Bank overdrafts (included in current borrowings)

(612.9)

(284.1)

NET CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

1,302.4

3,677.9

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated statement of changes in equity
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FROM JANUARY 1, 2025
TO DECEMBER 31, 2025

(in millions of euros)

Notes

Equity and minority
interests as of
January 1, 2025

Share
capital

Additional
paid-in
capital

Retained
earnings
(including
net profit)

3,180.4

2,064.1

22,272.5

Profit for the period

(191.4)

(240.8)

Treasury
shares

Shareholders' Minority
equity interests

(224.8)

3,517.9

Items recognized
directly in equity
Net income and gains
and losses recognized
directly in equity (a)
Increase (decrease)
in share capital
Distribution

Fair value
of financial Translation
instruments
reserves

6.2

26,860.0

761.3

27,621.3

3,517.9

126.5

3,644.4

112.8

(119.9)

(2,476.8)

(2,483.9)

(48.4)

(2,532.3)

3,630.7

(119.9)

(2,476.8)

1,034.0

78.1

1,112.1

128.4

(9)

(1,958.3)

Purchase/Sale
of treasury shares (c)

134.6

4.9

139.5

(1,958.3)

(98.2)

(2,056.5)

(4.0)

(4.0)

(4.0)

49.2

69.2

69.2

Share-based payments

20.0

Transactions with minority
shareholders recognized
directly in equity

(4.9)

(4.9)

Others (d)

83.3

83.3

EQUITY AND MINORITY
INTERESTS AS OF
DECEMBER 31, 2025

3,186.6

(b)

2,192.5

Total
equity

24,043.3

(311.3)

(2,717.6)

(179.6)

(c)

26,213.9

(12.8)

(17.7)
83.3

733.3

26,947.2

(a) See the statement of net income and gains and losses recognized directly in equity.
(b) Share capital as of December 31, 2025 was made up of 579,384,423 shares at a par value of 5.50 euros. During the fiscal year, movements affecting share
capital were as follows:
– creation of 848,773 shares in cash with a par value of 5.50 euros resulting from the capital increase reserved for employees;
– creation of 276,387 shares in cash with a par value of 5.50 euros resulting from the exercise of options.
(c) The number of treasury shares as of December 31, 2025 totaled 1,443,490 (including 1,154,045 held by L’Air Liquide S.A.). During the fiscal year, movements
affecting treasury shares were as follows:
– acquisitions, net of disposals, of 24,800 shares
– allocation of 396,991 shares as part of performance shares;
(d) Including the effects of hyperinflation in Argentina and Türkiye.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

201

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FROM JANUARY 1, 2024
TO DECEMBER 31, 2024

(in millions of euros)

Additional
Share
paid-in
capital
capital

Equity and minority interests
as of January 1, 2024

2,884.8

2,447.7

Profit for the period

Retained
earnings
Fair value
(including of financial
net profit) instruments
20,495.4

(217.3)

Translatio
n reserves
(1,136.4)

Treasury Shareholders'
shares
equity
(152.7)

3,306.1

Minority
interests

Total
equity

24,321.5

721.6

25,043.1

3,306.1

133.9

3,440.0

Items recognized directly
in equity

2.4

25.9

895.6

923.9

16.8

940.7

Net income and gains
and losses recognized
directly in equity (a)

3,308.5

25.9

895.6

4,230.0

150.7

4,380.7

4.2

34.3

(90.3)

(1,809.9)

Increase (decrease)
in share capital

2.5

27.6

30.1

Free share attribution

296.5

(296.5)

—

Distribution
Cancellation of treasury shares

(1,719.6)
(3.4)

(1,719.6)

(114.7)

Purchase/Sale
of treasury shares
Share-based payments

(0.4)

Transactions with minority
shareholders recognized
directly in equity

(10.3)

Others (b)

198.9

EQUITY AND MINORITY
INTERESTS AS OF
DECEMBER 31, 2024

3,180.4

2,064.1

22,272.5

118.1

—

—

(230.4)

(230.4)

(230.4)

40.2

39.8

39.8

(10.3)
—

(191.4)

(240.8)

—

(24.9)

198.9

(224.8)

26,860.0

(35.2)
198.9

761.3

27,621.3

(a) See the statement of net income and gains and losses recognized directly in equity.
(b) Including the effects of hyperinflation in Argentina and Türkiye.

202

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Financial Statements

Accounting principles
BASIS FOR PREPARATION OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Due to its listing on the Paris Stock Exchange and pursuant to EC
Regulation No. 1606/2002 of July 19, 2002, the Consolidated
Financial Statements of the Air Liquide Group for the year ended
December 31, 2025 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS
(International Financial Reporting Standards), as endorsed by the
European Union as of December 31, 2025. The IFRS standards
and interpretations as adopted by the European Union are
available at the following website:
https://finance.ec.europa.eu/regulation-and-supervision/financialservices-legislation/implementing-and-delegated-acts/
international-accounting-standards-regulation_en
The Group has not anticipated any new standards, amendments
to existing standards or new interpretations published by the IASB
but not yet approved or not yet mandatory in the European Union,
as of December 31, 2025.
The Financial Statements are presented in millions of euros. They
were approved by the Board of Directors on February 19, 2026.
They will be submitted for approval to the Shareholders’ Meeting
on May 5, 2026.

NEW IFRS AND INTERPRETATIONS
1. Standards, interpretations and
amendments endorsed by the European
Union whose application is mandatory
as of January 1, 2025
The following texts have no significant impact for the Group:
■ amendments to IAS 21 “The Effects of Changes in Foreign
Exchange Rates: Lack of Exchangeability”, issued on
August 15, 2023.

2. Standards, interpretations and
amendments endorsed by the European
Union whose application is optional in 2025
The Group Financial Statements for the year ended
December 31, 2025 do not include any potential impacts from the
standards, interpretations and amendments endorsed by the
European Union as of December 31, 2025, for which adoption is
only mandatory as of fiscal years beginning after January 1, 2025.
These texts are as follows:
■ amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 “Classification and
Measurement of Financial Instruments” issued on May 30, 2024;
■ annual improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards –
Volume 11, issued on July 18, 2024;
■ amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 “Contracts Referencing
Nature-dependent Electricity” issued on December 18, 2024.
The impacts of these texts on the Group’s Financial Statements
are currently being analyzed.

3. Standards, interpretations
and amendments not yet endorsed
by the European Union
The impacts on the Financial Statements of texts published by the
IASB as of December 31, 2025 and not yet endorsed by the
European Union are currently being analyzed. These texts are as
follows:

■ amendments to IAS 21 "The Effects of Changes in Foreign
Exchange Rates: Translation to a Hyperinflationary
Presentation Currency", issued on November 13, 2025.
In addition, the following texts are not applicable to the Group:
■ IFRS 19 “Subsidiaries without Public Accountability:
Disclosures” and amendments to IFRS 19 “Subsidiaries
without Public Accountability: Disclosures”, issued respectively
on May 9, 2024 and August 21, 2025.

USE OF ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
The preparation of the Financial Statements requires Group or
subsidiary management to make estimates and use certain
assumptions which have a significant impact on the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities recorded in the consolidated
balance sheet, the notes related to these assets and liabilities, the
profit and expense items in the income statement and the
commitments relating to the period-end. Balance sheet, income
statement and cash flow statement line items could differ should
the subsequent actual results differ from the estimates. The most
significant estimates and assumptions concern namely:
■ the estimated useful life of property, plant and equipment used
for calculation of depreciation and amortization: these estimates
are described in section 5.e of the accounting policies;
■ the assumptions used to determine provisions for employee
retirement benefit obligations: the actuarial assumptions used
(employee turnover, mortality, retirement age, salary increase,
etc.), and the discount rates used to determine the present
value of obligations, as described in section 9.b of the
accounting policies and in note 23.3;
■ the estimates and assumptions concerning assets’ impairment
tests, as described in section 5.f of the accounting policies and
in note 10.2;
■ the methods used to recover deferred tax assets on the
balance sheet disclosed in note 15.1;
■ the risk assessment to determine the amount of provisions for
contingencies and losses on the balance sheet disclosed in
note 22;
■ the accounting methods for the margin of the engineering &
construction contracts within the Engineering & Technologies
activities that are set out in section 3.b of the accounting policies;
■ the assumptions retained to evaluate the lease liability
(IFRS 16): lease term and discount rate. They are described in
section 5.g of the accounting principles.
In addition, the Group considers that climate risks are material,
even though their quantified impact on the Consolidated Financial
Statements of the Group at December 31, 2025 is not material.
The Group takes into account these risks in its closing
assumptions and incorporates their potential impact in its
Financial Statements. In particular, climate risks are taken into
account when carrying out closing procedures, in particular the
analysis of the useful lives of property, plant and equipment used
for calculation of depreciation and amortization, the review of the
estimates and assumptions concerning assets’ impairment tests,
and the risk assessment to determine the amount of provisions for
contingencies and losses. The consideration of climate risks by
the Group is described in particular in note 31.

■ IFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements”
issued on April 9, 2024;

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

203

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared under the
historical cost convention, except for financial assets and liabilities
measured at fair value through profit or loss or through other
comprehensive income in accordance with IAS 32/IFRS 9. The
carrying amount of other assets and liabilities hedged against fair
value risk is adjusted to take into account the changes in fair
value attributable to the hedged risks. In addition, the principles of
fairness, going concern, and consistency were applied.

1. CONSOLIDATION METHODS
The consolidation methods used are:
■ full consolidation method for subsidiaries;
■ assets, liabilities, expenses and revenue of joint operations are
recognized in relation to the Group’s interest in these entities;
■ equity method for joint ventures and associates.

a. Subsidiaries
All the subsidiaries or companies in which the Air Liquide Group
exercises exclusive control are fully consolidated. Control exists
when all the following conditions are met:
■ the Group has existing rights that give it the current ability to
direct the relevant activities;
■ the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its
involvement with the entity;
■ the Group has the ability to use its power over the entity so
that it affects the amount of the returns.
Companies are fully consolidated from the date on which the
Group obtains control and until the date on which control is
transferred outside the Group.

b. Joint operations
Joint operations are joint arrangements whereby the Air Liquide
Group has joint control with one or several parties through a
contractual agreement, which gives it rights to the assets and
obligations for the liabilities of the entity.
Assets, liabilities, expenses and revenue of joint operations are
recognized in relation to the Group’s interest in these entities.
These amounts are recorded on each relevant line of the
Financial Statements as for the consolidated entities.

c. Joint ventures
Joint ventures are joint arrangements whereby the Air Liquide
Group has joint control with one or several parties through a
contractual agreement, which gives it rights to the net assets of
the entity.

Associates are consolidated using the equity method. Under this
one, the net assets and net profit of a company are recognized
pro rata to the interest held by the Group in the share capital.
On acquisition of an investment in an associate, the goodwill
relating to the associate is included in the carrying amount of the
investment.
The financial statements of subsidiaries, joint arrangements and
associates are prepared as of December 31.

2. FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS
AND BALANCES AND TRANSLATION
OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OF COMPANIES WHOSE FUNCTIONAL
CURRENCY IS NOT THE EURO
The functional currency of an entity is the currency of the primary
economic environment in which it carries out its operations. In the
majority of cases, the functional currency corresponds to the local
currency. However, a functional currency other than the local
currency can be retained for certain entities, provided that it
represents the currency of the main transactions carried out by
the entity and that it ensures faithful representation of its
economic environment. Foreign currency transactions are
recognized according to the following principles:
■ foreign currency transactions are translated by each company
into its functional currency at the exchange rate prevailing on
the date of the transaction;
■ at year-end, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency at
the closing exchange rate.
Exchange differences relating to commercial transactions are
recognized in operating profit. For financial transactions,
exchange differences are recognized in financial income and
expenses except for differences resulting from the hedge of a net
investment in a foreign entity that are directly recognized in equity
until the net investment is removed from the consolidation scope.
The presentation currency of the Group’s Consolidated Financial
Statements is the euro. At the balance sheet date, the financial
statements of companies whose functional currency is not the
euro are translated into euros as follows:
■ balance sheet items, at the official year-end exchange rates;
■ income statement and cash flow statement items, using the
average exchange rate over the period for each currency.
Exchange differences are recognized under a separate item
“Translation reserves” in gains and losses recognized directly in
equity.

Joint ventures are consolidated using the equity method. Under
this one, the net assets and net profit of a company are
recognized pro rata to the interest held by the Group in the share
capital.

Cumulative foreign exchange gains and losses as of
January 1, 2004 arising from the translation into euros of the
financial statements of subsidiaries whose functional currency is not
the euro have been maintained as a separate component of equity.

On acquisition of an investment in a joint venture, goodwill relating
to the joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the
investment.

On removal from the scope of consolidation, the cumulative
exchange differences of a company whose functional currency is
not the euro are recognized in the income statement.

d. Associates
Associates are investments over which the Air Liquide Group has
significant influence (generally when the Group has more than a
20% interest), but no control.

204

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

3. REVENUE RECOGNITION
The analysis of revenue recognition is based on the Group’s
activities, as follow:

a. Gas & Services
The supply of gas involves local production in order to limit
transport costs. Therefore, Air Liquide gas production units are
located throughout the world and can supply several types of
customers and industries, with the relevant volumes and services
required:

Large Industries
This business is characterized by the supply of large quantities of
gas contracted for a period of 15 years or longer with a limited
number of customers. The Group guarantees a high level of
reliability and availability of gas supply with continued service,
over the long-term. In return, these contracts include guaranteed
minimum volumes through firm purchase clauses (take-or-pay).
Due to the volume of gas to be supplied, Air Liquide supplies its
Large Industries customers directly by pipelines, from a dedicated
plant or different plants connected by a network.
These plants represent significant investments that are generally
made in a way to share the production assets with the other
business lines of the Group, particularly the Industrial Merchant
business, or intended to serve the customers in an industrial basin
that is connected on a pipeline network. In these cases, the assets
are not identified under the meaning of IFRS 16 “Leases” and no
lease contract is contained in the contracts with customers. When
the customer’s gas supply comes from a dedicated plant, the
Group may decide on the use of these plants under the meaning
of IFRS 16 “Leases”. Consequently, the gas supply contracts for
the Large Industries business do not contain leases.
Customers of the Large Industries business simultaneously
receive and consume the benefits granted by the gas supply
service or its availability. As a result, the revenue recognition
related to these contracts occurs when the gas is supplied or
when the reserved capacity is made available.

Industrial Merchant, Healthcare and Electronics
The Industrial Merchant business relies mainly on the gas
production capacity of Large Industries and thereafter develops its
own distribution logistics. This business is characterized by a wide
range of customers and markets. The contract terms can be up to
five years for cylinders and liquid gas supply and up to 15 years
for small on-site gas generators.

For safety and quality reasons, Air Liquide supplies gas with its
own equipment (small generators, storage tank, cylinders).
Customers have no right of control on the identified assets under
the meaning of IFRS 16 “Leases”.
Consequently, the gas supply contracts for these businesses do
not contain leases and the revenue recognition occurs as follows:
■ gas supply: the revenue recognition occurs when the gas is
supplied or when the reserved capacity is made available;
■ sale of standard equipment and materials: the revenue
recognition occurs when the control of these equipment and
materials is transferred, which generally takes place at their
delivery;
■ specific equipment and installations: the transfer of control
occurs over the time, together with their construction.
Consequently, the revenue recognition occurs based on the
stage of completion of the contracts at the balance sheet date;
■ service: the revenue recognition occurs when the service is
provided.

b. Engineering & Technologies
Within the Engineering & Technologies activities, Air Liquide:
■ enters into contracts to design and build production units
worldwide for the Group’s own account and for third-party
customers. The control of installations is transferred
progressively with their design/construction. Consequently, the
revenue recognition is based on the stage of completion of the
contracts at the balance sheet date. The costs associated are
recognized as an expense in the period when incurred. The
stage of completion is assessed by using the ratio of contract
costs incurred at the balance sheet date versus total estimated
contract costs. The margin realized at the stage of completion
is recognized only when it can be reliably measured. When it is
probable that total contract costs will exceed total contract
revenue, the expected loss is immediately recognized as a
provision for onerous contracts;
■ focuses on certain new markets requiring a global approach,
primarily those related to energy transition, as well as the
space and extreme cryogenics markets. Due to its nature,
revenue recognition analysis in this market is performed on a
case-by-case basis depending on the nature of the
performance obligations.

4. TAXES
a. Income tax expense

Healthcare business supplies medical gases, services as well as
medical devices to hospitals and patients in their homes. It also
produces and distributes healthcare specialty ingredients for the
cosmetics, pharmaceutical and vaccine markets.

The tax rate is calculated on the basis of the fiscal regulations
enacted or substantively enacted at the fiscal year closing date in
each of the countries where the Group’s companies carry out their
business.

The Electronics business supplies its customers with (i) carrier
gases with a business model based on long-term contracts and
on guaranteed minimum volumes with take-or-pay type clauses,
(ii) electronics specialty materials in the form of pure or mixed
gases, (iii) advanced materials, (iv) equipment and installations
and (v) services notably on-site quality control and fluid
management services.

The Group’s applicable tax rate corresponds to the average of the
theoretical tax rates in force in each of the countries, weighted
according to profit obtained in each of these countries.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The average effective tax rate is calculated as follows: (current
and deferred income tax expense)/(net profit before tax less share
of profit of equity affiliates, dividends received and net profit from
discontinued operations).

AIR LIQUIDE

205

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

b. Deferred taxes

Negative goodwill is recognized immediately through profit or loss.

Deferred taxes are recognized for all temporary differences
between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their tax
base (excluding non-deductible goodwill and the other exceptions
provided in IAS 12), the tax loss carryforwards and the unused tax
credits. Deferred tax assets are recognized on all deductible
temporary differences provided that it is highly probable that the
tax benefits will be realized in future years.

Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (CGUs) or groups of
CGUs that benefit from business combination synergies.
Subsequently, goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment
annually or more frequently if there are any indications of
impairment, in accordance with the method described in section 5.f.

Deferred taxes are calculated at the tax rate applicable when the
temporary difference is reversed and allowed under local regulations
at the period-end date. The liability method is applied and any
changes to the tax rates are recognized in the income statement,
except those related to items directly recognized in equity.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if the entities have a
legally enforceable right to offset and if they relate to income tax
levied by the same taxation authority. Deferred taxes are not
discounted.

In addition, at the time of the transition to IFRS and in accordance
with the exemption offered by IFRS 1, the Group decided not to
apply IFRS 3 “Business combinations” retrospectively for
acquisitions that took place prior to January 1, 2004.

b. Research and Development expenditures
Research and Development expenditures include all costs related
to the scientific and technical activities, patent work, education
and training necessary to ensure the development,
manufacturing, start-up, and commercialization of new or
improved products or processes.

Deferred taxes are mainly due to temporary differences between
the tax and economic depreciation of assets, the carryforward of
tax losses and provisions not immediately deductible for tax
purposes, such as employee benefit provisions.

According to IAS 38, development costs shall be capitalized if,
and only if, the Group can meet all of the following criteria:

When the Group decides not to distribute profits retained by the
subsidiary within the foreseeable future, no deferred tax liability is
recognized.

■ the technical and industrial feasibility of completing the project
is demonstrated;

5. NON-CURRENT ASSETS
a. Goodwill and business combinations
The Group has prospectively applied IFRS 3 revised since
January 1, 2010.
When the Group obtains control of an acquiree, the business
combination is accounted for by applying the acquisition method
on the acquisition date, in accordance with IFRS 3 revised:
■ the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities and
contingent liabilities assumed are measured at fair value;
■ any minority interests in an acquiree are measured as the
minority interest’s proportionate share of the acquiree’s net
identifiable assets or at fair value. This option is applied on a
case-by-case basis;
■ the consideration transferred and any contingent consideration
are measured at fair value;
■ acquisition-related costs are recorded as other operating
expenses in the periods in which they are incurred.
For a business combination achieved in stages, any previously
held equity interests in the acquiree are measured at the
acquisition-date fair value. Any resulting gains or losses are
recognized in profit or loss.
The measurement period of a business combination shall not
exceed 12 months as of the acquisition date. Any adjustments,
after the measurement period, of the consideration transferred
and the fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities are
recorded in the income statement.
On the acquisition date, goodwill is recognized in the consolidated
balance sheet as the difference between:
■ the consideration transferred plus the amount of minority
interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the previously
held equity interest; and

■ the project is clearly identified and the related costs are
itemized and reliably monitored;

■ there is a clear intention to complete the project and to use or
sell the intangible asset arising from it;
■ the Group has the ability to use or sell the intangible asset
arising from the project;
■ the Group can demonstrate how the intangible asset will
generate probable future economic benefits;
■ the Group has adequate technical, financial and other
resources to complete the project and to use or sell the
intangible asset.
When these conditions are not satisfied, development costs
generated by the Group are recognized as an expense when
incurred.
Research expenditure is recognized as an expense when
incurred.

c. Internally generated intangible assets
Internally generated intangible assets primarily include the
development costs of information management systems. These
costs are capitalized only if they satisfy the criteria as defined by
IAS 38 and described above.
Internal and external development costs on management
information systems arising from the development phase are
capitalized. Significant maintenance and improvement costs are
added to the initial cost of assets if they specifically meet the
capitalization criteria.
Internally generated intangible assets are amortized over their
useful lives.

d. Other intangible assets
Other intangible assets include separately acquired intangible
assets such as software, licenses, and intellectual property rights.
They also include the technology, brands and customer contracts
valued upon the acquisition of companies in accordance with
IFRS 3 “Business Combinations”.

■ the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the
liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed.

206

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Financial Statements

With the exception of certain brands, intangible assets are
amortized using the straight-line method over their useful lives.
Information management systems are generally amortized over a
period comprised between five and eight years and customer
contracts over a maximum period of 25 years, considering the
probabilities of renewal.

e. Property, plant and equipment
Land, buildings and equipment are carried at their acquisition cost
less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. In the
event of mandatory dismantling or asset removals, related costs
are added to the initial cost of the relevant assets and provisions
are recognized to cover these costs.
Interest costs on borrowings to finance the construction of
property, plant, and equipment are capitalized during the period of
construction when they relate to the financing of industrial projects
over a twelve-month construction period, or longer.
Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have
different useful lives, they are accounted separately and
depreciated over their own useful lives.
Repair and maintenance costs are recognized as expenses when
incurred. The costs of major inspections and overhauls are
recognized as a separate component of the asset and are
depreciated over the period between two major overhauls.
Depreciation is calculated according to the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives as follows:
■ buildings: 20 to 30 years;
■ cylinders: 10 to 40 years;
■ production units: 15 to 20 years;
■ pipelines: 15 to 35 years;
■ other equipment: 5 to 30 years.
The estimated useful lives are reviewed regularly and changes in
the estimates are recorded prospectively from the date of change.

■ liquid gas and hydrogen/CO plants are grouped together
according to the plants’ customer market;
■ other assets are allocated to cash-generating units or groups
of cash-generating units.
The cash-generating units of the Gas & Services activities are
determined on a geographical basis. The Engineering &
Technologies activities are managed at a worldwide level.
Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units or groups of cashgenerating units that benefit from business combination synergies
and which represent the levels at which goodwill is monitored by
the Group.
When performing impairment tests on cash-generating units or
groups of cash-generating units comprising goodwill, the Group
uses the market multiples approach. The multiples of revenue and
operating income recurring before depreciation and amortization
are based on the Air Liquide Group’s stock market valuation. They
are comparable with those of companies whose business is similar
to that of the Group. The resulting multiples are applied to
aggregates (revenue and operating income recurring before
depreciation and amortization) of each CGU. Where the fair value
obtained using the multiples method is not significantly greater
than the net carrying amount of the cash-generating unit or group
of cash-generating units, the Group confirms the recoverable
amount of the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating
units using the estimated future cash flow approach (value in use).
For cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units not
including goodwill, and assets whose value is tested on an
individual basis, the Group determines the recoverable amount
using the estimated future cash flow approach (value in use).
The growth rates, taken into account with respect to the cash flow
estimates for future cash-generating units or groups of cashgenerating units, are determined based on the activity and
geographical location of the CGU considered.

f. Impairment of assets

The Group takes into account climate risk and the challenges and
opportunities presented by the energy transition when carrying out
all impairment tests (including goodwill or individually tested
assets).

The Group regularly assesses whether there are any indications
of asset impairment. If such indications exist, an impairment test is
performed to assess whether the carrying amount of the asset is
greater than its recoverable amount, defined as the higher of the
fair value less costs to sell (net fair value) and the value in use.

In assessing value in use for property, plant and equipment, the
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value.
Cash flows are measured over the asset’s estimated period of
use, taking into account customer contract terms and technical
obsolescence.

Impairment tests are performed systematically once a year for
goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.

The discount rate depends on the nature, the location of the asset
and the customer market. It is determined according to the
minimum level of profitability expected from the investment
considering industrial and commercial risks and credit terms.

Land is not depreciated.

Assets that do not generate largely independent cash flows are
grouped according to the cash-generating units (CGUs) to which
they belong. A cash-generating unit is an identifiable group of
assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of
the cash inflows of other assets or groups of assets. They are
mainly determined on a geographical basis and by reference to
the markets in which the Group operates.
In practice, the Group performs impairment tests at various levels
pursuant to these principles:
■ dedicated and on-site plants are tested individually;
■ pipelines and plants that provide these pipelines are tested at
the network level;

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

When the recoverable amount of an asset, a cash-generating unit
or a group of cash-generating units is lower than its carrying
amount, an impairment loss is recognized immediately through
profit and loss. An impairment loss of a cash-generating unit is
first allocated to goodwill.
When the recoverable amount exceeds the carrying amount
again, the previously recognized impairment loss is reversed to
the income statement, with the exception of impairment losses on
goodwill, which cannot be reversed.

AIR LIQUIDE

207

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

g. Leases
In the course of its activity, the Group enters as a lessee in
contracts mainly for the following types of assets:
■ land, buildings and offices;
■ transportation equipment, in particular for Industrial Merchant
and Healthcare business lines;
■ other equipment.
According to IFRS 16, any contract (apart from exceptions
mentioned below) containing a lease leads to recognition on the
lessee’s balance sheet of a right-of-use of the leased asset and a
lease liability related to the present value of the commitments for
future lease payments (lease liability).
A contract is, or contains, a lease if it conveys to the Group the
right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in
exchange of consideration. In particular, the Group has concluded
that transportation contracts which confer to the supplier the
substantive right to substitute the vehicle throughout the period of
use and/or the control on the choice of the route, the driver and
maintenance policy, are service contracts and do not meet the
definition of a lease under IFRS 16.
In addition, the Group has chosen to use the following exemptions
and not to apply IFRS 16:
■ to the lease contracts having a lease terms of 12 months or
less;
■ to the lease contracts for which the underlying asset is of low
value, in particular, office and telephony equipment, computers
and small IT equipment. Lease contracts for data centers are
analyzed on a case-by-case basis.
The main assumptions used to measure the right-of-use and the
lease liability are:
■ lease term. It corresponds to the non-cancellable period for
which a lessee has the right to use an underlying asset, together
with periods covered by an option to extend or to terminate the
lease if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise (for options to
extend) or not to exercise (for options to terminate) such options.
The probability to exercise or not an option is determined by type
of contracts or on a case-by-case basis according to contractual
terms, regulatory environment and the nature of the underlying
asset (in particular, its technical specificity and strategic location);
■ the discount rate used for evaluation of the lease liability. The
discount rate retained is the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate.
Due to the centralized financing in the Group, it corresponds for
each subsidiary to the interest rate for intragroup borrowings
determined according to the currency of the lease contract, the
country and the lease term taking into account the repayment
profile (linear amortization of the lease liability).
Deferred taxes relating to the right of use asset and lease liability
arising from a single transaction are recognized on a net basis.

6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
a. Non-consolidated investments
Investments in non-consolidated companies that are not
accounted for using the equity method are classified as assets
measured at fair value. These investments are not held for
trading, consequently, at initial recognition, the Group may make
an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income

208

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

subsequent changes in the fair value. In this case, changes in fair
value are not reclassified to net result upon disposal of these
investments.
Dividends from these investments are recognized in other
financial income.

b. Trade and other receivables
Trade and other receivables are measured at their transaction
price upon initial recognition and then at amortized cost less any
impairment losses based on expected credit losses model.
Expected credit losses are estimated on the basis of a matrix
consisting in using historical loss rates adjusted depending on
actual observable conditions. Expected credit losses are
estimated at each closing date in the following manner:
■ segregating trade receivables into appropriate groups, in
particular depending on the activities of the Group, type and
size of client and its market segment;
■ within each group of trade receivables, determining of agebands;
■ for each age-band identification of losses realized in previous
financial year;
■ adjusting if necessary historical loss rate depending on actual
observable conditions in order to take into account, in
particular, current market conditions, type of client, credit
management practices of the Group as well as specific
information concerning individual customers;
■ application of loss rates estimated in this way to each ageband of trade receivables.
For all construction contracts in progress at the year-end, the gross
amounts payable by and to customers represent the sum of costs
incurred plus profits recognized using the percentage of completion
method, equivalent to total revenue recorded using the percentage
of completion method, less the amount of advances received.
Amounts payable by customers are presented in trade
receivables. Amounts due to customers are presented in other
current liabilities.

Assignments of trade receivables
Assignments of trade receivables are derecognized from the
balance sheet when:
■ the Group transfers the contractual rights to receive the cash
flows related to these receivables to the assignee; or
■ the Group retains the contractual rights to receive the cash
flows related to these receivables, but assumes a contractual
obligation to pay the cash flows to the assignee in an
arrangement that cumulatively meets the following three
conditions:
– the Group has no obligation to pay to the assignee unless it
collects the equivalent amount,
– the Group is prohibited from selling or pledging the
receivables other than as security for the obligation to pay
cash flows to the assignee,
– the Group has an obligation to remit any cash flows it
collects on behalf of the assignee without material delay;
■ and the Group transfers substantially all the risks and awards
of ownership of the receivables, in particular credit risk and risk
of late payment.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Financial Statements

c. Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include cash balances, current bank
accounts, and short-term highly liquid investments that are readily
convertible into cash and which are exposed to a negligible risk of
change in value.
Short-term investments include temporary cash investments
maturing in less than three months (commercial paper, certificates
of deposit and money market funds) whose minimum long-term
rating is A2 (Moody’s).
As cash investments maturing in less than three months are
exposed to a negligible risk of a change in value, they are
recognized at historical cost (including accrued interest) which is
considered to approximate fair value.

d. Trade payables
The Group sets up supplier paying services agreements with
partner banks to facilitate the processing of supplier invoices
payments. The Group analyzes the main contract features that
enable to keep the trade payables qualification. In particular, the
Group ensures that the following characteristics are met:
■ no deviation of the payment terms of the underlying payable
between the financing party and the original supplier. In other
words, the Group must pay to the bank no later than the
payment term of invoice;
■ payment terms negotiations between Air Liquide and supplier
must be conducted independently of any negotiation on paying
service agreement. In particular, payment terms shall not be
subject to the supplier’s success in selling invoices to the bank;
■ the terms of contract with the supplier shall not be explicitly
linked to any payment term extension. Payment term with a
particular supplier must be homogenous, independently of the
participation of a particular invoice in the program or not;
■ payment terms should stay within the ordinary industry/sector
norms and local regulation, and should not be tied to the
participation in the paying services agreement;
■ program structures should avoid debt-like features such as
interest and fees paid by Air Liquide to the bank or supplier;
■ tri-party agreements between Air Liquide, the supplier and the
bank that pre-arrange the financing of the invoices owed by
Air Liquide to the supplier shall be avoided.

e. Current and non-current borrowings
Borrowings include bonds and other bank borrowings (including
the put options granted to minority shareholders).
At inception, borrowings are recognized at fair value corresponding
to the net proceeds collected. At each balance sheet date, except
for put options granted to minority shareholders, they are
measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate (EIR)
method. Under this method, the borrowing cost includes the
redemption premiums and issuance costs initially deducted from
the nominal amount of the borrowing in liabilities.

Borrowings hedged by interest rate swaps are recognized on a
hedge accounting basis.

Put options granted to minority shareholders
Put options granted to minority shareholders are recorded as
borrowings at the option’s estimated strike price. The share in the
net assets of subsidiaries is reclassified from “Minority interests” to
“Borrowings”. Due to the absence of any specific IFRS guidance,
the Group has elected to recognize the consideration for the
difference between the strike price of the option granted and the
value of the minority interests reclassified as borrowings in
shareholders’ equity – Group share. Minority interests in profit and
loss do not change and still reflect present ownership interests.

f. Derivative assets and liabilities
Derivative financial instruments are used to manage exposures to
foreign exchange, interest rate and commodity risks relating to the
Group’s financial and operating activities. For all these
transactions, the Group applies hedge accounting and
documents, at the inception of the transaction, the type of hedging
relationship, the hedging instruments, and the nature and term of
the hedged item.
Applying hedge accounting has the following consequences:
■ fair value hedges for existing assets and liabilities: the hedged
portion of the item is carried at fair value in the balance sheet.
Any changes in fair value are recognized in the income
statement, where they are offset by the corresponding
changes in fair value of the hedging instruments (except for
the impact of premiums/discounts);
■ future cash flow hedges: the effective portion of the change in
fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded directly in
equity (items that may be subsequently reclassified to income
statement), while the change in the fair value of the hedged
item is not recognized in the balance sheet. The change in fair
value of the ineffective portion is recognized in other financial
income or expenses. When the hedged transactions occur and
are recorded, amounts recorded in other comprehensive
income are reclassified in the income statement;
■ hedges of net investments in a foreign entity: the effective
portion of the changes in fair value of the derivative instrument
is recognized in gains and losses recognized directly in equity
under “Translation reserves”. The ineffective portion of
changes in fair value is recognized in “Other financial income
and expenses”. Once the foreign entity subject to the net
investment hedge is sold, the loss or profit initially recognized
in translation reserves is recognized in profit or loss, within the
gain or loss generated.
However, in limited circumstances, certain types of derivatives do
not qualify for hedge accounting; they are carried at fair value
through “Other financial income and expenses” with an offsetting
entry in financial assets and financial liabilities.
The fair value of assets, liabilities and derivatives is based on the
inputs observable on the market at the balance sheet date.

Borrowings maturing in less than one year are classified as
current borrowings.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

209

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

7. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE
AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
a. Assets classified as held for sale
Non-current assets or disposal groups are classified as held for
sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a
sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This
classification occurs when the Group takes the decision to sell
them and that the sale is considered highly probable.
The assets and liabilities held for sale are presented on different
lines of the balance sheet. They are measured at the lower of
their carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Assets
classified as held for sale are no longer depreciated (amortized)
as of the date they are classified as assets or disposal groups
held for sale.
When a sale involving the loss of control of the subsidiary is
considered highly probable, all the assets and liabilities of this
subsidiary are classified as being held for sale, independently of
whether or not the Group retains a residual interest in the entity
after its sale.

b. Discontinued operations
A discontinued operation is a clearly identifiable component that
the Group either has abandoned or that is classified as held for
sale:
■ representing a separate major line of business or geographical
area of operations;
■ being part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a
separate major line of business or geographical area of
operations; or
■ being a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.
Once the criteria are met, the profit and loss and the cash flow
from discontinued operations are presented separately in the
income statement and the consolidated cash flow statement for
each period.

8. SHARE CAPITAL, RESERVES
AND TREASURY SHARES
Air Liquide’s share capital is composed of ordinary shares.
Retained earnings include the following items:
■ translation reserves: exchange differences arising from the
translation into euros of financial statements prepared by
foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the euro
are recorded in translation reserves. Fair value changes in net
investment hedges of these foreign subsidiaries are also
recorded in this reserve;
■ fair value of financial instruments: this item records
accumulated fair value changes in the effective portion of cash
flow hedge derivatives (transactions not yet recognized in the
accounts);
■ actuarial gains and losses: all actuarial gains and losses and
adjustments arising from the asset ceiling, net of deferred
taxes, are recognized in consolidated reserves in the period in
which they occur.
When the Group buys back its own shares, they are classified as
treasury shares at the purchase price and presented as a
deduction from equity for the consideration paid. The profit or loss
from the sale of treasury shares is recognized directly in equity,
net of tax.

to increase the percentage of interest in entities that are already
controlled and the additional share of equity thus acquired is
recognized in Shareholders’ equity. Similarly, a decrease in the
Group’s percentage interest in a controlled entity is accounted for
as an equity transaction with no impact on profit or loss.
Disposals of shares with loss of control give rise to the recognition
in disposal gains or losses of the change in fair value calculated
for the total investment at the date of disposal. Any investments
retained, where applicable, will be measured at fair value at the
date when control is lost.

9. PROVISIONS
a. Provisions
Provisions are recognized when:
■ the Group has a present obligation as a result of a past event;
■ it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying
economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation;
■ a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
obligation.
Restructuring provisions include only the direct costs arising from
the restructuring and are recognized in the period in which the
Group has approved a detailed and formal restructuring plan and
the restructuring has either begun or been announced. When
these plans involve termination benefits, the resulting provisions
are recognized at the earlier of the following dates:
■ when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those
benefits;
■ when the provision of the related restructuring is recognized.
A provision for losses on contracts is recognized when the
expected benefits from the contract are lower than the cost of
satisfying the obligations under the contract.

b. Pensions and employee benefits
The Group provides its employees with various pension plans,
termination benefits, jubilees and other post-employment benefits
for both active and retired employees. The characteristics of each
plan vary according to the laws and regulations applicable in each
country as well as each subsidiary policy.
These benefits are covered by two types of plan:
■ defined contribution plans;
■ defined benefit plans.
The Group grants both defined benefit and defined contribution plans.
Defined contribution plans are plans under which the employer’s
sole obligation is to pay regular contributions. The employer’s
obligation is limited to payment of the planned contributions. The
employer does not grant any guarantees on the future level of
benefits paid to the employee or retiree (means-based obligation).
The annual pension expense is equal to the contribution paid
during the fiscal year which relieves the employer from any further
obligation. It is recognized in “Personnel expenses”.
Defined benefit plans are those by which the employer
guarantees the future level of benefits defined in the agreement,
most often depending on the employee’s salary and seniority
(“result-based obligation”). Defined benefit plans can be:
■ either financed by contributions to a fund specialized
in managing the amounts received;
■ or managed internally.

Furthermore, acquisitions or disposals of minority interests,
without change in control, are considered as transactions with the
Group’s shareholders. Thus, the difference between the price paid

210

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Financial Statements

In the case of defined benefit plans, retirement and similar
obligations are measured by independent actuaries, according to
the projected unit credit method. The actuarial calculations mainly
take into account the following assumptions: salary increases,
employee turnover, retirement date, life expectancy, inflation and
appropriate discount rates for each country.
Defined benefit plans are covered by external pension funds in
certain cases. The assets of these plans are mostly invested in
bonds or equities carried at their fair value.
All actuarial gains and losses as well as any adjustment arising from
the asset ceiling are recognized in the period in which they occur.
Actuarial assumptions used vary according to the demographic
and economic conditions prevailing in each country where the
Group has pension plans.
Discount rates used to measure the present value of the
Company’s obligations and the net interest cost are determined
by reference to market yields on High-Quality corporate bonds.
Where there is no deep market in such bonds, the market yields
on government bonds with the same maturity at the valuation date
shall be used. In the Euro zone, the United States, the United
Kingdom and Canada, discount rates were determined using tools
designed by independent actuaries. Their database uses several
hundred different corporate bonds with a minimum AA-rating and
maturities ranging from one to 30 years. Cash flows of expected
benefits are subsequently discounted using rates associated to
each maturity.
Valuations are carried out annually by independent actuaries for
significant plans and every three years for other plans unless
there are material changes in assumptions or major events that
require a new calculation. Impacts related to defined benefit plans
are registered as follows:
■ the service cost, the gain relating to curtailments and
settlements, and the actuarial gains and losses from other
long-term benefits and recognized in “Personnel expenses”. In
addition, the service cost of defined benefit plans which are
capped, linked to length of service and require the presence of
the beneficiary in the company at the time of retirement is
spread over the period between the date on which the services
rendered began to generate rights and the date on which the
additional services cease to generate rights;
■ net interest cost for defined benefits is registered in “Other
financial income and expenses”;
■ past service cost is recorded in profit or loss according to the
nature of the change to the plan that generated it (i.e. either in
“Personnel expenses” or in “Other operating income and
expenses”);
■ actuarial gains and losses from defined benefit plans,
retirement termination payments, and medical plans are
recorded in “Gains and losses recognized directly in equity”.

10. GOVERNMENT GRANTS
Government grants received are initially recognized in “Other noncurrent liabilities”. They are then recognized as income in the
income statement for the period:
■ on the same basis as the subsidized assets are depreciated in
the case of government grants related to assets;
■ deducted from the costs intended to be compensated in the
case of government grants other than those related to assets.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The Group analyzes the substance of government incentives
delivered through the tax system and selects an accounting
treatment consistent with such substance.

11. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
The Group performance shares to Executive Officers and
some employees.
Performance shares are measured at fair value on the grant date.
Their fair value is recognized as a “Personnel expense” in the
income statement with a corresponding increase in equity, and
amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.
The valuation is performed by an independent expert, using
mathematical models appropriate to the characteristics of each
plan. It takes into account the market vesting conditions associated
to each one. The fair value measured at the grant date is not
subject to re-evaluation due to changes in market conditions.
Vesting conditions, other than market ones, have no impact on the
fair value measurement of services received but adjust the
expense that is recognized according to the number of equity
instruments actually granted.
The dilution effect of non-vested performance share allocations is
reflected in the calculation of diluted earnings per share.

Performance shares allocation plans
Performance shares are measured at fair value, taking into
account a discount on non-transferable shares. The cost of nontransferability is measured as the cost of a two-step strategy
consisting in the forward sale of shares being non-transferable for
four years (or five years depending on the plan) and the purchase
on the spot market of the same number of shares funded by an
amortizable loan with an in fine capital repayment.
Valuation is based upon the following main underlying assumptions:
■ risk-free interest rate: four-year zero-coupon benchmark rate
(or five-year depending on the plan) at the plan issue date plus
a credit margin that would be proposed to employees;
■ dividend growth rate: based on the historical average annual
growth rate;
■ employee resignation rate: that of individuals belonging to the
same age group as the plan beneficiaries. This resignation
rate is used to extrapolate the shares which will not be
allocated due to the resignation of beneficiaries;
■ the probability of achieving the market vesting conditions.

12. GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSION QUOTAS
In certain countries, the Group is subject to greenhouse gas
emission quota systems.
In the absence of any specific IFRS guidance, the Group has
elected to apply the ANC Regulation No. 2014-03. The Group
does not buy CO2 quotas for the purpose of generating profits
from fluctuations in price; therefore, at each closing date:
■ a liability is recognized if the greenhouse gas emissions are
higher than the CO2 quotas held by the Group. It corresponds
to the cost of CO2 quotas in shortfall to cover the greenhouse
gas already emitted; or
■ an asset is recognized if the greenhouse gas emissions are
lower than the CO2 quotas held by the entity. It corresponds to
the CO2 quotas available to cover the future greenhouse gas
emissions, valued at historical cost.

AIR LIQUIDE

211

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

13. RENEWABLE POWER
PURCHASE AGREEMENTS
In order to reduce its indirect emissions related to energy
purchases (Scope 2 emissions), the Air Liquide Group signs longterm renewable energy purchase agreements (Power Purchase
Agreements or PPAs). The Group analyzes the main features of
these contracts, in particular verifying that:
■ regarding IFRS 10/11:
– Air Liquide neither has the right nor is exposed to variable
returns from the entity supplying the energy,
– Air Liquide has no power over the activities of the entity
supplying the energy;
■ regarding IFRS 16: the volume to be purchased by Air Liquide
under these contracts represents a portion of the sites’
electricity production that does not represent substantially all of
their capacity or, if this is the case, the Group has neither
participated in its design nor has the right to control the use of
the asset;

– the Group does not resell with a view to generate a profit
resulting from market price variations,
– the terms of the contracts do not allow for net settlement in
cash, in other financial instruments or by exchanging
financial instruments, and Air Liquide has no practice, for
similar contracts, of such net settlements,
– the PPA price structure is closely linked to the economic
characteristics and risks of the energy supply contract.
Consequently, PPAs are classified as purchase contracts for own
use, and are presented as off-balance sheet commitments.

Considerations for Virtual Power Purchase
Agreements (or VPPAs)
VPPAs are financial instruments (derivatives) to be recognized at
fair value at inception. The Group qualifies them as cash flow
hedges by verifying:
■ the highly probable nature of the underlying, i.e. electricity
purchases over the entire term of the contract;
■ the expected effectiveness of the hedge.

■ regarding IFRS 9:
– site/basin cumulative consumption exceeds the volume of
renewable energy contracted over the duration of the contract,

Basis for presentation of financial information
1. SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Group is structured according to the following activities: Gas
& Services and Engineering & Technologies.
The Group’s main operational decision-making body is the
Executive Management assisted by the Executive Committee.
The Gas & Services activities are organized by geographical area,
which is the responsible level for operations management and
performance monitoring. These geographical areas are as
follows:
■ Europe, Middle East & Africa;
■ Americas;
■ Asia Pacific.
Within the Gas & Services segment, the geographical areas
determine sales policies and development projects in liaison with
the four business lines (Large Industries, Industrial Merchant,
Healthcare and Electronics).
The Engineering & Technologies segment is managed separately
on a worldwide scale. The segment:
■ designs, develops and builds industrial gas production plants
for the Group and third parties. It also designs and
manufactures plants in the traditional, renewable and
alternative energy sectors;
■ focuses on some new markets which require a global
approach, drawing on science, technologies, development
models, and usages related to digital transformation.
Research and Development and corporate activities do not meet
the operating segments definition and are thus presented within
reconciliation.

212

Inter-segment revenue between Gas & Services and Engineering
& Technologies activities corresponds to the sales between these
operating segments.
The Group operating performance is assessed on the basis of
each segment’s Operating income recurring.
Segment assets include non-current assets, with the exception of
“Deferred tax assets”, “Investments in associates”, “Fair value of
non-current derivatives (assets)”, as well as “Inventories and
work-in-progress”, “Trade receivables” and “Other current assets”.
Segment liabilities correspond to “Provisions, pensions and other
employee benefits”, “Trade payables”, “Other current liabilities”
and “Other non-current liabilities”.
Segment profits, assets and liabilities consist of amounts directly
attributable to each segment, provided they can be allocated to
the segment on a reasonable basis.

2. NET DEBT
The net debt includes:
■ current and non-current borrowings, as defined in section 6.e
of accounting policies;
reduced by:
■ cash and cash equivalents, as defined in section 6.c of
accounting policies.
The net debt does not include the lease liabilities as defined in
section 5.g of accounting policies.

3. INFORMATION ON INTERESTS IN JOINT
ARRANGEMENTS OR ASSOCIATES

The information communicated in the tables covering segment
information is presented according to the same accounting
principles as those used for the Group Consolidated Financial
Statements.

The materiality of the interests in joint arrangements or associates
is assessed according to the following criteria:

Revenue is analyzed by geographical area of production (country
of origin).

■ share of these interests in the Group’s net assets;

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

■ contribution of the entity to the Group’s Operating income
recurring;
■ dividends paid to these interests.

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

4. INFORMATION ON MINORITY INTERESTS
The materiality of the minority interests is assessed according to
an analysis of:
■ the minority interests’ share in the Group’s net assets;
■ the contribution to the Group’s Operating income recurring of
the subsidiary having minority interests;
■ dividends paid to minority interests.

The Group’s operating performance is measured based on
Operating income or loss recurring determined in accordance with
ANC recommendation No. 2020-01.

6. OTHER NON-RECURRING OPERATING
INCOME AND EXPENSES
Material non-recurring operations that could affect operating
performance readability are classified under “Other non-recurring
operating income” and “Other non-recurring operating expenses”.
They may include:
■ gains or losses on the disposal of activities or groups of assets;
costs

relating

■ restructuring costs resulting from plans whose unusual and
material nature distort the readability of the Operating
income recurring;

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

■ incurred or estimated costs relating to significant political risks
or litigations;
■ costs relating to capital increases reserved for employees;
■ costs of projects to comply with regulatory changes impacting
several geographical areas and for significant amounts.

7. NET EARNINGS PER SHARE

5. OPERATING INCOME RECURRING

■ acquisition-related and integration-related
to business combinations;

■ significant provisions and impairment losses for property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets;

a. Basic earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing net profit
(Group share) attributable to ordinary shareholders of Air Liquide
by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the
year, excluding ordinary shares purchased by Air Liquide and
recognized in equity.

b. Diluted earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share take into account share subscription
options and performance shares allocated to employees and
Executive Officers if:
■ the issue price, adjusted for unrecognized expenses at the
year-end pursuant to IFRS 2, is lower than the Air Liquide
annual average share price;
■ the performance requirements meet the criteria set out
in IAS 33 § 52.

AIR LIQUIDE

213

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Notes to the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2025

214

Note 1

Significant events

215

Note 2

Segment information

215

Note 3

Revenue

217

Note 4

Operating income recurring

217

Note 5

Other non-recurring operating income and expenses

218

Note 6

Net finance costs and other financial income and expenses

219

Note 7

Income taxes

219

Note 8

Net earnings per share

220

Note 9

Dividend per share

220

Note 10

Goodwill

221

Note 11

Other intangible assets

222

Note 12

Property, plant and equipment

223

Note 13

Non-current financial assets

225

Note 14

Investments in equity affiliates

225

Note 15

Deferred taxes

226

Note 16

Inventories and work-in-progress

227

Note 17

Trade receivables and other operating receivables

227

Note 18

Working capital requirement

228

Note 19

Other current assets

228

Note 20

Cash and cash equivalents

228

Note 21

Shareholders’ equity

229

Note 22

Provisions, pensions and other employee benefits

232

Note 23

Employee benefit obligations

233

Note 24

Borrowings

239

Note 25

Financial risk policy and management

244

Note 26

Other liabilities (non-current/current)

250

Note 27

Trade payables

250

Note 28

Related party disclosures

250

Note 29

Commitments

251

Note 30

Contingent liabilities

252

Note 31

Climate risks consideration

252

Note 32

Events after the reporting period

255

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 1 Significant events
There were no significant events during fiscal year 2025.

Note 2 Segment information
Following an organizational change within the Group, performance monitoring for Engineering & Construction and Global Markets &
Technologies is now managed within a single operational sector, Engineering & Technologies, since the first quarter 2025, except for
certain activities, primarily Biogas and Maritime, which are now monitored within the Gas & Services sector. The 2024 data has been
restated accordingly.

2.1. INCOME STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025
Gas & Services
Europe,
Middle East
and Africa

Americas

Asia
Pacific

Sub-total

10,616.3

10,351.3

5,117.5

26,085.1

1,096.3

(1,096.3)

Operating income recurring

2,289.5

2,426.8

1,180.4

5,896.7

123.6

(438.7)

5,581.6

incl. depreciation and amortization

(944.1)

(1,004.7)

(505.5)

(2,454.3)

(44.3)

(64.9)

(2,563.5)

(in millions of euros)
Revenue
Inter-segment revenue

Engineering &
Technologies Reconciliation
855.1

Total
26,940.2

Other non-recurring operating income

50.8

Other non-recurring operating
expenses

(353.7)

Net finance costs

(242.5)

Other financial income

7.8

Other financial expenses

(161.5)

Income taxes

(1,230.5)

Share of profit of equity affiliates

(7.6)

Profit for the period
Purchase of property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets

3,644.4
(1,457.4)

(1,462.6)

(847.0)

(3,767.0)

(33.9)

(42.5)

(3,843.4)

The Research and Development and Holdings activities (corporate) are presented in the “Reconciliation” column.

2.2. INCOME STATEMENT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024
Gas & Services

(in millions of euros)
Revenue
Inter-segment revenue

Europe,
Middle East
and Africa

Americas

Asia
Pacific

Sub-total

10,484.0

10,409.9

5,311.9

26,205.8

Engineering &
Technologies Reconciliation
852.0

Total
27,057.8

—

—

—

—

891.7

(891.7)

—

Operating income recurring

2,135.9

2,343.5

1,177.7

5,657.1

131.1

(396.8)

5,391.4

incl. depreciation and amortization

(921.4)

(1,002.4)

(479.3)

(2,403.1)

(48.5)

(53.5)

(2,505.1)

Other non-recurring operating income

64.8

Other non-recurring
operating expenses

(510.6)

Net finance costs

(258.4)

Other financial income

8.5

Other financial expenses

(168.5)

Income taxes

(1,086.5)

Share of profit of equity affiliates

(0.7)

Profit for the period
Purchase of property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets

3,440.0
(1,506.2)

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

(1,203.2)

(811.0)

(3,520.4)

(39.0)

34.3

(3,525.1)

AIR LIQUIDE

215

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

2.3. BALANCE SHEET AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2025
Gas & Services
Europe,
Middle East
and Africa

Americas

Asia
Pacific

Sub-total

Segment assets

15,198.8

21,169.1

8,614.9

44,982.8

1,324.2

599.2

46,906.2

Goodwill

1,347.8

13,586.2

237.0

0.0

13,823.2
26,472.0

(in millions of euros)

Engineering &
Technologies Reconciliation

3,487.5

8,750.9

Intangible assets and property, plant
and equipment, net

8,951.1

10,780.3

5,977.5

25,708.9

356.1

407.0

Other segment assets

2,760.2

1,637.9

1,289.6

5,687.7

731.1

192.2

Non-segment assets

6,611.0
4,627.0

Assets held for sale

380.2

Total assets
Segment liabilities

Total

51,913.4
3,615.0

1,633.3

952.3

6,200.6

1,808.5

429.9

8,439.0

Non-segment liabilities

16,448.0

Equity including minority interests

26,947.2

Liabilities held for sale

79.2

Total equity and liabilities

51,913.4

2.4. BALANCE SHEET AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024
Gas & Services
Europe,
Middle East
and Africa

Americas

Asia
Pacific

Sub-total

Segment assets

14,973.5

23,227.0

8,883.4

47,083.9

1,439.9

684.6

49,208.4

Goodwill

1,454.3

14,683.6

293.8

—

14,977.4

(in millions of euros)

Engineering &
Technologies Reconciliation

Total

3,441.6

9,787.7

Intangible assets and property, plant
and equipment, net

8,650.8

11,715.8

6,120.8

26,487.4

382.9

359.9

27,230.2

Other segment assets

2,881.1

1,723.5

1,308.3

5,912.9

763.2

324.7

7,000.8

Non-segment assets

2,655.5

Assets held for sale

3.6

Total assets
Segment liabilities

51,867.5
3,760.5

1,850.5

1,062.9

6,673.9

1,760.9

455.2

8,890.0

Non-segment liabilities

15,354.9

Equity including minority interests

27,621.3

Liabilities held for sale

1.3

Total equity and liabilities

51,867.5

2.5. OTHER INFORMATION ON GEOGRAPHICAL AREAS

2025
(in millions of euros)

France

Europe,
Middle East
and Africa
excl. France

Revenue

3,264.7

Non-current assets ⁽ª⁾
incl. Investments in equity affiliates

United States

Americas
excl. United
States

Asia
Pacific

Total

7,890.7

9,009.5

1,527.1

5,248.2

26,940.2

3,880.3

9,331.7

18,048.5

1,734.2

7,475.0

40,469.7

29.3

117.8

3.5

—

24.0

174.6

United States

Americas
excl. United
States

Asia
Pacific

Total

(a) Excluding non-current financial assets, deferred taxes and non-current derivative assets.

2024
(in millions of euros)

France

Europe,
Middle East
and Africa
excl. France

Revenue

3,249.3

7,745.2

9,045.8

1,590.2

5,427.3

27,057.8

Non-current assets ⁽ª⁾

3,708.6

9,147.0

20,064.1

1,742.6

7,743.6

42,405.9

39.7

126.4

4.0

—

28.2

198.3

incl. Investments in equity affiliates

(a) Excluding non-current financial assets, deferred taxes and non-current derivative assets.

Due to the substantial number of customers served by the Group (more than two million worldwide), to their significant diversity
in multiple sectors and to their wide geographical dispersion, the Group’s main customer represents only 2.2% of Air Liquide’s revenue.

216

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 3 Revenue
In 2025, consolidated revenue amounted to 26,940.2 million euros, down 0.4% compared to 2024.

3.1. REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHY AND BUSINESS LINE FOR THE YEAR
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025

(in millions of euros)

Europe,
Middle East
and Africa

Americas

Asia
Pacific

Total

Industrial Merchant

3,493.0

7,188.9

1,450.3

12,132.2

Large Industries

3,870.3

1,551.8

1,688.4

7,110.5

Healthcare

3,069.0

1,137.8

170.8

4,377.6

184.0

472.8

1,808.1

2,464.9

10,616.3

10,351.3

5,117.5

26,085.1

Electronics
Gas & Services Revenue
Engineering & Technologies

855.1

TOTAL REVENUE

26,940.2

3.2. REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHY AND BUSINESS LINE FOR THE YEAR
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024

(in millions of euros)

Europe,
Middle East
and Africa

Americas

Asia
Pacific

Total

Industrial Merchant

3,506.9

7,288.4

1,506.8

12,302.0

Large Industries

3,815.9

1,497.4

1,806.6

7,120.0

Healthcare

2,965.5

1,118.0

190.3

4,273.8

195.7

506.1

1,808.2

2,510.0

10,484.0

10,409.9

5,311.9

26,205.8

Electronics
Gas & Services Revenue
Engineering & Technologies

852.0

TOTAL REVENUE

27,057.8

Note 4 Operating income recurring
Operating income recurring includes purchases, personnel expenses, depreciation and amortization, other recurring income and other
recurring expenses.
The Group purchases mainly consist of electricity, natural gas as well as industrial and medical products.

4.1. OTHER INCOME
Other income is primarily made up of net proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets and various indemnities.

4.2. PERSONNEL EXPENSES
2024

2025

Wages and social security charges

(4,943.6)

(4,860.7)

Defined contribution pension plans

(150.7)

(157.6)

Defined benefit plans

(31.6)

(26.9)

Share-based payments

(39.8)

(43.2)

(5,165.7)

(5,088.4)

(in millions of euros)

TOTAL

Fully consolidated companies employed 65,168 individuals as of December 31, 2025 (66,657 individuals as of December 31, 2024).

4.3. OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES
Other operating expenses primarily include transport, maintenance, distribution costs and sub-contracting costs.
The operating leases costs included in other operating expenses are not significant and correspond to the contracts that do not fall within
the scope of IFRS 16 (cf. paragraph 5.g. of the Accounting principles).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

217

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

4.4. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES
In 2025, innovation costs amounted to 301 million euros (309 million euros in 2024) including Research and Development costs of
208 million euros (205 million euros in 2024).

4.5. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION EXPENSES
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Intangible assets

(203.1)

(201.3)

Property, plant and equipment (a)

(2,302.0)

(2,362.2)

TOTAL

(2,505.1)

(2,563.5)

2024

2025

Net gain on the disposals of activities or group of assets

34.4

27.1

Political risks and legal procedures

22.7

19.4

Others

7.7

4.3

TOTAL OTHER NON-RECURRING OPERATING INCOME

64.8

50.8

(a) Including the depreciation expense after deduction of investment grants released to profit.

Note 5 Other non-recurring operating income
and expenses
(in millions of euros)

Income

Expenses
Reorganization, restructuring and realignment programs costs

(223.3)

(202.1)

Acquisition costs

(2.8)

(21.0)

Political risks and legal procedures

(23.7)

(36.6)

Net loss on the disposals of activities or group of assets and impairments of assets

(243.5)

(53.3)

Others

(17.3)

(40.7)

TOTAL OTHER NON-RECURRING OPERATING EXPENSES

(510.5)

(353.7)

TOTAL

(445.7)

(302.9)

In 2025, the Group recognized:
■ restructuring costs corresponding to realignment programs primarily in Gas & Services activities mainly in Europe;
■ costs related to the capital increase reserved for employees, included in other operating expenses under the “Other” line item.
In 2024, the Group recognized:
■ net loss on the disposals of activities or group of assets and impairments of assets amounting to -243.5 million euros including
-215.7 million euros following the impairment of certain tangible assets;
■ restructuring costs corresponding to realignment programs primarily in Gas & Services activities mainly on South Europe (France,
Iberia and Italy) activities.

218

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 6 Net finance costs and other financial income
and expenses
6.1. NET FINANCE COSTS
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Gross finance costs

(333.4)

(311.5)

Financial income from short-term investments and loans
TOTAL

75.0

69.0

(258.4)

(242.5)

The average cost of net debt, excluding capitalized finance costs, stood at 3.3% in 2025, slightly lower compared to 2024.

6.2. OTHER FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSES
2024

(in millions of euros)

2025

Other financial income

8.5

7.8

TOTAL OTHER FINANCIAL INCOME

8.5

7.8

Other financial expenses

(89.6)

(78.8)

Interest expense on the net defined benefit liability

(33.4)

(33.8)

Interest on lease liabilities

(45.5)

(48.9)

TOTAL OTHER FINANCIAL EXPENSES

(168.5)

(161.5)

Note 7 Income taxes
7.1. INCOME TAX EXPENSES
2024

2025

Current income tax expenses

(1,128.9)

(1,121.2)

TOTAL CURRENT TAX

(1,128.9)

(1,121.2)

42.4

(122.5)

(in millions of euros)

Temporary differences
Impact of tax rate changes

—

13.2

TOTAL DEFERRED TAX

42.4

(109.3)

(1,086.5)

(1,230.5)

(in %)

2024

2025

Standard tax rate

24.8

24.9

Impact of transactions taxed at reduced rates

(1.9)

(1.9)

Impact of tax rate changes

—

(0.3)

Impact of tax exemptions and others

1.1

2.5

Average effective tax rate

24.0

25.2

TOTAL

7.2. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN THE STANDARD TAX RATE
AND THE GROUP EFFECTIVE TAX RATE

The average effective tax rate in 2025 is impacted by the exceptional contribution on the profits of large companies in France.
The Pillar 2 rules have no significant impact on the Group’s average effective tax rate.
In France, L’Air Liquide S.A. has elected to determine French income taxes on a consolidated basis. This scheme applies to all French
subsidiaries complying with the legal requirements.
Foreign subsidiaries have elected to apply for similar rules wherever this is allowed under local regulations.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

219

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 8 Net earnings per share
8.1. BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE
Net profit (Group share) attributable to ordinary shareholders of the parent (in millions of euros)
Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
Basic earnings per share (in euros)

2024

2025

3,306.1

3,517.9

576,457,564

576,790,647

5.74

6.10

8.2. DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
2024

2025

3,306.1

3,517.9

Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding

576,457,564

576,790,647

Adjustment for dilutive impact of share subscription options

376,963

179,840

1,377,985

1,170,638

578,212,512

578,141,125

5.72

6.08

Net profit used to calculate diluted earnings per share (in millions of euros)

Adjustment for dilutive impact of performance shares
Adjusted weighted average number of shares outstanding used to calculate diluted
earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share (in euros)

All instruments that could dilute net profit – Group share, are included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share.
The Group has not issued any other financial instruments that may result in further dilution of net earnings per share.

Note 9 Dividend per share
The 2024 dividend on ordinary shares declared and paid on May 21, 2025 to the Group Shareholders was (1,958.3) million euros
(including fidelity premium) and amounted to 3.30 euros per share and a fidelity premium of 0.33 euro per share.
A dividend payment of 3.70 euros per ordinary share and a fidelity premium of 0.37 euros per share amounting to 2,205.1 million euros
(estimated amount taking into account share buybacks and cancellations) will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting in respect of
the financial year ended December 31, 2025.

220

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 10 Goodwill
10.1. MOVEMENTS DURING THE PERIOD

(in millions of euros)

As of
January 1

Goodwill
recognized during
the period

Goodwill
removed during
the period

2024

14,194.2

209.3

(9.2)

2025

14,977.4

143.3

(4.6)

Foreign
exchange
differences

Other
movements

As of
December 31

582.6

0.5

14,977.4

(1,270.8)

(22.1)

13,823.2

10.2. SIGNIFICANT GOODWILL
2024
(in millions of euros)

Gas & Services

2025

Net carrying
amount

Gross carrying
amount

Impairment
losses

Net carrying
amount

14,683.6

13,586.2

Europe, Middle East and Africa

3,441.6

3,488.9

Americas (a)

9,787.7

8,750.9

8,750.9

Asia Pacific

1,454.3

1,347.8

1,347.8

293.8

237.0

14,977.4

13,824.6

Engineering & Technologies
TOTAL GOODWILL

13,586.2
(1.4)

3,487.5

237.0
(1.4)

13,823.2

(a) Goodwill recognized within Gas & Services Americas mainly comes from the United States contributing up to 8,532.4 million euros as of December 31, 2025.

Following the organizational change that occurred in 2025 (see
note 2), goodwill relating Engineering & Construction and Global
Markets & Technologies is now tested within the Engineering &
Technologies group of cash-generating units, except for certain
activities, mainly Biogas and Maritime, which are tested within
Gas & Services. The 2024 data have been restated accordingly.
In the last two fiscal years, the Group has not recorded any
goodwill impairment losses.
Impairment tests were carried out using the methods detailed in
note 5.f of the accounting policies.
As of December 31, 2025, the recoverable amounts of each cashgenerating unit or groups of cash-generating units, calculated
using market multiples, significantly exceeded their net carrying

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

amounts. Consequently, as stated in note 5.f of the accounting
policies, the method of future estimated cash flow was not used to
determine the recoverable amount of cash-generating units.
Considering the activity of the Air Liquide Group, no reasonably
possible change in key assumptions would result in an impairment
loss. The Gas & Services activities favor synergies between the
different business lines by pooling assets for a given geographical
area. The geographical development of an activity is generally
based on local industrial investments and external growth
operations through the Large Industries business line. The supply
of gas to clients of the Large Industries business is contracted for
a minimum duration of 15 years. These customer contracts
provide a good visibility and guarantee of future income.

AIR LIQUIDE

221

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 11 Other intangible assets
11.1. GROSS CARRYING AMOUNTS
2025

As of
January 1

(in millions of euros)

Internally generated
intangible assets
Other intangible assets
TOTAL GROSS
INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Additions

Disposals

Foreign
exchange
differences

Acquisitions
related to
business
Other
combinations movements (a)

As of
December 31

872.5

44.1

(4.8)

(39.1)

—

12.2

884.9

3,155.6

166.3

(41.1)

(209.1)

2.6

(27.0)

3,047.3

4,028.1

210.4

(45.9)

(248.2)

2.6

(14.8)

3,932.2

Acquisitions
related to
business
Other
combinations movements (a)

As of
December 31

(a) Other movements primarily include account reclassifications and changes in the scope of consolidation.

2024

(in millions of euros)

Internally generated
intangible assets
Other intangible assets
TOTAL GROSS
INTANGIBLE ASSETS

As of
January 1

Additions

Disposals

Foreign
exchange
differences

889.4

111.9

(131.2)

16.3

—

(13.9)

872.5

3,031.4

88.3

(25.7)

96.4

11.5

(46.3)

3,155.6

3,920.8

200.2

(156.9)

112.7

11.5

(60.2)

4,028.1

Acquisitions
Foreign
related to
exchange
business
Other
Disposals differences combinations movements (a)

As of
December 31

(a) Other movements primarily include account reclassifications and changes in the scope of consolidation.

11.2. AMORTIZATION AND IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
2025

(in millions of euros)

Internally generated
intangible assets
Other intangible assets
TOTAL INTANGIBLE
ASSET AMORTIZATION

TOTAL NET
INTANGIBLE
ASSETS (b)

As of Charge for
January 1 the period

Impairment
losses

(495.9)

(62.9)

—

4.4

26.1

—

18.3

(510.0)

(1,840.7)

(138.4)

(4.7)

38.1

99.1

—

(13.3)

(1,859.9)

(2,336.6)

(201.3)

(4.7)

42.5

125.2

—

5.0

(2,369.9)

(4.7)

(3.4)

(123.0)

2.6

(9.8)

1,562.3

1,691.5

9.1 (c)

(a) Other movements primarily include account reclassifications and changes in the scope of consolidation.
(b) Other intangible assets mainly include trademarks and customer relationship valuation as part of business combination.
(c) This amount is the net of additions and charges for the period.

2024

(in millions of euros)

As of Charge for
January 1 the period

Impairment
losses

Acquisitions
Foreign
related to
exchange
business
Disposals differences combinations

Other
As of
movements (a) December 31

Internally generated
intangible assets

(630.2)

(61.4)

—

128.0

(11.2)

—

78.9

(495.9)

Other intangible assets

(1,659.3)

(141.7)

(2.9)

17.2

(43.6)

—

(10.4)

(1,840.7)

TOTAL INTANGIBLE
ASSET
AMORTIZATION

(2,289.5)

(203.1)

(2.9)

145.2

(54.8)

—

68.5

(2,336.6)

TOTAL NET
INTANGIBLE
ASSETS (b)

1,631.3

(2.9)

(11.7)

57.9

11.5

8.3

1,691.5

(2.9) (c)

(a) Other movements primarily include account reclassifications and changes in the scope of consolidation.
(b) Other intangible assets mainly include trademarks and customer relationship valuation as part of business combination.
(c) This amount is the net of additions and charges for the period.

At the end of the financial year, the Group had no material commitment to acquire intangible assets and was not subject to any
restrictions over the use of existing intangible assets.

222

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 12 Property, plant and equipment
12.1. GROSS CARRYING AMOUNTS

2025

(in millions of euros)

Land

As of
January 1

Additions

Acquisitions
Foreign
related to
exchange
business
Disposals differences combinations

Other
movements (a)

As of
December 31

487.1

4.1

(3.2)

(42.8)

0.7

(2.1)

443.8

Buildings

2,897.1

12.2

(25.5)

(203.9)

0.9

169.6

2,850.4

Equipment, cylinders, installations

46,081.6

332.0

(779.2)

(2,973.0)

31.5

2,248.1

44,941.0

Rights of use
TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT
AND EQUIPMENT IN SERVICE

2,288.5

115.0

(13.6)

(178.7)

7.9

(0.5)

2,218.6

51,754.3

463.3

(821.5)

(3,398.4)

41.0

4,031.9

3,446.5

55,786.2

3,909.8

Construction in progress
TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT
AND EQUIPMENT

2,415.1

50,453.8

(2,885.0)

4,335.4

41.0

(469.9)

54,789.2

Acquisitions
Foreign
related to
exchange
business
Disposals differences combinations

Other
movements (a)

As of
December 31

(258.0)
(821.5)

(3,656.4)

(a) Other movements primarily include account reclassifications and changes in the scope of consolidation.

2024

(in millions of euros)

Land

As of
January 1

Additions

463.3

0.1

(1.5)

8.4

0.2

16.6

487.1

Buildings

2,685.2

20.7

(22.5)

64.9

2.9

145.9

2,897.1

Equipment, cylinders, installations

42,671.5

391.1

(539.8)

852.6

40.6

2,665.6

46,081.6

Rights of use
TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT
AND EQUIPMENT IN SERVICE

2,077.2

166.8

(16.6)

62.9

2.6

(4.4)

2,288.5

47,897.2

578.7

(580.4)

988.8

46.3

2,823.7

51,754.3

3,797.7

2,970.9

48.0

—

(2,784.7)

4,031.9

51,694.9

3,549.6

1,036.8

46.3

39.0

55,786.2

Construction in progress
TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT
AND EQUIPMENT

(580.4)

(a) Other movements primarily include account reclassifications and changes in the scope of consolidation.

Purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets presented in the consolidated statement of cash flows relate to the
increase in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (excluding right of use) adjusted in particular for the change in the fixed
asset suppliers’ balance during one year as well as investment grants, presented under liabilities in the balance sheet.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

223

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

12.2. DEPRECIATION AND IMPAIRMENT LOSSES
2025
As of
(in millions of euros) January 1

Acquisitions
Foreign
related to
Charge for the Impairment
exchange
business
Other
As of
period
losses Disposals differences combinations movements (a) December 31

Buildings

(1,393.2)

(115.0)

Equipment,
cylinders,
installations

11.9

88.1

13.1

(1,395.1)

(27,815.6)

(2,022.1)

Rights of use

(1,038.7)

(236.0)

(69.4)

631.1

1,590.0

269.4

(27,416.6)

(0.2)

13.5

75.7

117.9

TOTAL
PROPERTY,
PLANT
AND EQUIPMENT
DEPRECIATION
TOTAL
PROPERTY,
PLANT AND
EQUIPMENT, NET

(1,067.8)

(30,247.5)

(2,373.1)

(69.6)

656.5

1,753.8

—

400.4

(29,879.5)

25,538.7

1,536.7 (b)

(69.6)

(165.0)

(1,902.6)

41.0

(69.5)

24,909.7

(a) Other movements primarily include account reclassifications and changes in the scope of consolidation.
(b) This amount is the net of additions and charges for the period.

2024
As of
(in millions of euros) January 1

Acquisitions
related to
Foreign
Charge for the Impairment
exchange
business
Other
As of
period
losses Disposals differences combinations movements (a) December 31

Buildings

(1,298.5)

(115.1)

—

11.9

(22.8)

—

Equipment,
cylinders,
installations

(25,829.9)

(1,956.1)

(148.3)

404.5

(378.0)

Rights of use

(914.3)

(239.7)

(3.9)

14.3

(22.9)

TOTAL
PROPERTY,
PLANT
AND EQUIPMENT
DEPRECIATION

(28,042.7)

(2,310.9)

(152.2)

430.7

TOTAL
PROPERTY,
PLANT AND
EQUIPMENT, NET

23,652.2

1,238.7 (b)

(152.2)

(149.7)

31.3

(1,393.2)

—

92.2

(27,815.6)

—

127.8

(1,038.7)

(423.7)

—

251.3

(30,247.5)

613.1

46.3

290.3

25,538.7

(a) Other movements primarily include account reclassifications and changes in the scope of consolidation.
(b) This amount is the net of additions and charges for the period.

The charge for the period corresponds to the increase in depreciation, net of investment grants released to the income statement.

12.3. MATURITY OF LEASE LIABILITY
The maturity of the lease liabilities related to rights-of-use is as follows:
Maturity
2025
(in millions of euros)

Non-current lease liabilities
Current lease liabilities
TOTAL LEASE
LIABILITIES

Carrying
amount < 1 year

1,034.3
225.1

225.1

1,259.4

225.1

≥ 1 year and ≤ 5 years

> 5 years

2026

2027

2028

2029

2030

2031

2032

> 2032

234.8

167.5

136.1

106.4

80.3

84.9

48.3

176.0

234.8

167.5

136.1

106.4

80.3

84.9

48.3

176.0

Maturity
2024
(in millions of euros)

Non-current lease liabilities
Current lease liabilities
TOTAL LEASE
LIABILITIES

224

Carrying
amount < 1 year

≥ 1 year and ≤ 5 years

> 5 years
2031

> 2031

1,133.8

—

242.5

175.7

148.6

122.2

90.9

76.9

53.0

224.0

239.8

239.8

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

1,373.6

239.8

242.5

175.7

148.6

122.2

90.9

76.9

53.0

224.0

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029

2030

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 13 Non-current financial assets
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Non-consolidated investments

326.3

263.0

Loans

39.9

36.2

Other long-term receivables

296.1

320.0

Employee benefits

83.9

89.7

NON-CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS

746.3

708.9

Non-consolidated investments include fully-depreciated shares in Russian entities. The Group no longer controls or consolidates its
activities in Russia since September 1, 2022. Furthermore, a Russian presidential decree placed these activities under the authority of a
provisional administrator since August 2025.

Note 14 Investments in equity affiliates
14.1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATED TO JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
Group share of associates and joint
ventures as of December 31, 2025
(in millions of euros)

Joint ventures and associates

Share of profit
for the period

Share of equity (a)

Share of net income and gains
and losses recognized directly
in equity (b)

(7.6)

174.6

11.8

(a) Including goodwill relating to associates and joint ventures.
(b) The share of net income and gains and losses recognized directly in equity primarily comprises the translation reserves.

Group share of associates and joint
ventures as of December 31, 2024
(in millions of euros)

Joint ventures and associates

Share of profit
for the period

Share of equity (a)

Share of net income and gains
and losses recognized directly
in equity (b)

(0.7)

198.3

27.7

(a) Including goodwill relating to associates and joint ventures.
(b) The share of net income and gains and losses recognized directly in equity primarily comprises the translation reserves.

14.2. MOVEMENTS DURING THE YEAR

(in millions of euros)

As of
January 1

Share of profit
for the period

Dividend
distribution

Foreign
exchange
differences

Other
movements

As of
December 31

2024

180.1

(0.7)

(17.6)

5.5

31.0

198.3

2025

198.3

(7.6)

(14.1)

(15.9)

13.9

174.6

No company consolidated under equity method is individually significant.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

225

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 15 Deferred taxes
15.1. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
The change in deferred tax assets over the fiscal year is as follows:
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

AS OF JANUARY 1

225.2

335.0
(27.2)

Income (charge) to the income statement

84.3

Income (charge) to equity

(18.8)

17.5

Changes related to scope

(5.4)

(4.8)

Foreign exchange differences

(3.6)

(1.5)

Others (a)

53.3

(15.6)

AS OF DECEMBER 31

335.0

303.4

(a) Other movements primarily include reclassifications between accounts.

As of December 31, 2025, unrecognized deferred tax assets amounted to 58.9 million euros (67.8 million euros as of December 31, 2024).

15.2. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
The change in deferred tax liabilities over the fiscal year is as follows:
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

AS OF JANUARY 1

2,329.0

2,527.1

Charge (income) to the income statement

42.1

82.2

Charge (income) to equity

(16.9)

2.7

Changes related to scope

1.6

0.3

131.1

(212.2)

Foreign exchange differences
Others (a)
AS OF DECEMBER 31

40.2

(27.2)

2,527.1

2,372.9

(a) Other movements primarily include reclassifications between accounts.

15.3. DEFERRED TAXES BY NATURE
The net deferred taxes are broken down as follows:
2024

2025

(2,584.7)

(2,387.2)

Provisions, pensions and other employee benefits

213.4

185.9

Other provisions

428.9

385.6

Tax loss carryforwards

129.4

108.6

Other

(379.1)

(362.4)

TOTAL

(2,192.1)

(2,069.5)

(in millions of euros)

Amortization/depreciation

226

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 16 Inventories and work-in-progress
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Raw materials and supplies

607.0

575.5

1,410.7

1,396.2

Finished and semi-finished goods
Work-in-progress
NET INVENTORIES

171.9

156.6

2,189.6

2,128.3

(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Write-down of inventories

(24.4)

(12.6)

11.7

13.2

(12.7)

0.6

Reversals of write-down
NET WRITE-DOWN RECOGNIZED IN THE INCOME STATEMENT

Note 17 Trade receivables and other operating receivables
(in millions of euros)

Trade and other operating receivables

2024

2025

3,231.1

3,083.1

Provisions for impairment

(234.4)

(216.6)

TRADE RECEIVABLES

2,996.7

2,866.5

Trade and other operating receivables include gross amounts relating to engineering & construction contracts for 92.9 million euros
(101.9 million euros as of December 31, 2024).
As of December 31, 2025, cumulative revenue recognized using the percentage of completion method and cumulative cash in since the
beginning of the ongoing projects amounted respectively to 1,952.1 million euros (2,203.7 million euros as of December 31, 2024) and
2,064.3 million euros (2,286.1 million euros as of December 31,2024).

17.1. BREAKDOWN OF TRADE AND OTHER OPERATING RECEIVABLES
As of December 31, 2025, the breakdown of receivables and associated impairment is as follows:

Total

0-1
month

1-3
months

3,083.1

2,402.2

214.3

135.2

97.6

(in millions of euros)

Trade and other operating receivables

Overdue
3-6
6-12
months
months

Not yet
due

2025

> 12
months

Total

65.2

168.6

680.9

Provisions for impairment

(216.6)

(8.3)

(12.4)

(7.8)

(11.1)

(21.1)

(155.9)

(208.3)

TRADE RECEIVABLES

2,866.5

2,393.9

201.9

127.4

86.5

44.1

12.7

472.6

Overdue
3-6
6-12
months
months

> 12
months

Total

As of December 31,2024, the breakdown of receivables and associated impairment is as follows:

Total

Not yet
due

0-1
month

1-3
months

3,231.1

2,462.7

257.9

152.9

100.3

76.3

181.0

768.4

2024

(in millions of euros)

Trade and other operating receivables
Provisions for impairment

(234.4)

(2.6)

(14.1)

(10.0)

(12.0)

(22.1)

(173.6)

(231.8)

TRADE RECEIVABLES

2,996.7

2,460.1

243.8

142.9

88.3

54.2

7.4

536.6

The accounting principles relating to trade receivables impairment (expected credit losses) are described in section 6.b of the accounting
principles.

17.2. PROVISION FOR IMPAIRMENT

(in millions of euros)

As of
January 1

Charges

Reversals

Foreign
exchange
differences

Other
movements

As of
December 31

2024

(231.8)

(80.2)

74.5

1.3

1.8

(234.4)

2025

(234.4)

(60.5)

69.9

5.8

2.6

(216.6)

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

227

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

17.3. INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-RECOURSE ASSIGNMENTS
OF TRADE RECEIVABLES
Non-recourse factored receivables in Europe, in Asia and in the
Americas, amounted to 1,086 million euros in 2025 compared to
1,340 million euros at the end of 2024.
The European program, set up in 2015 and renewed in 2020 was
amended in June 2025 to change its coverage to
382 million euros (416 million euros including 9% of deferred
purchase price). Its maturity is February 28, 2026. The assigned
receivables, in the amount of 353 million euros, were
derecognized as of December 31, 2025 (447 million euros as of
December 31, 2024).

The American program held by Airgas and set up in December
2018, was amended in December 2024 to extend its maturity to
March 17, 2026. As of December 31, 2025, the program covers
800 million US dollars (680 million euros) and 719 million
US dollars (612 million euros) were derecognized.
Other non-recourse factoring programs exist in various countries and
activities, mainly in Asia and some of the Healthcare subsidiaries.
The Group has analyzed the main characteristics of these
programs according to the principles described in section 6.b of
the accounting principles and concluded that almost all the risks
and rewards were transferred to the assignees.

Note 18 Working capital requirement
2025
(in millions of euros)

As of January 1

Changes with cash
impact

Other changes (b)

As of December 31

Inventories and work-in progress

2,189.6

83.7

(145.0)

2,128.3

Trade receivables

2,996.7

58.3

(188.5)

2,866.5

Trade payables

(3,319.0)

142.1

172.8

(3,004.1)

Others (a)

(1,591.5)

(58.1)

(105.5)

(1,755.1)

275.8

226.0

(266.2)

235.6

Working capital requirement

(a) Others item accounts mainly for the others current assets and liabilities as well as current tax balances.
(b) Others changes include reclassifications from one item to another, the impact of exchange rates and changes in the scope of consolidation.

Note 19 Other current assets
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Advances and down-payments made

133.2

147.0

Prepaid expenses

183.2

164.9

Other sundry current assets

751.8

595.5

OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

1,068.2

907.4

(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Short-term loans

32.4

17.4

Short-term marketable securities

329.5

1,610.1

Cash in bank

1,553.4

2,334.5

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

1,915.3

3,962.0

Other sundry current assets mainly include tax receivables and subsidies to received.

Note 20 Cash and cash equivalents

As of December 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents include 330 million euros subject to restrictions mainly in Argentina and
Luxembourg (regulatory restrictions within the framework of the Group’s captive reinsurance company) and certain joint-ventures in China.
The sharp increase in cash and cash equivalents 2.046,7 million euros compared to 2024 is primarily due to preparation of the payment
of the DIG Airgas acquisition in 2025, which was finalized on January 13, 2026.

228

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 21 Shareholders’ equity
21.1. SHARES
Number of shares
2024

2025

NUMBER OF SHARES AS OF JANUARY 1

524,516,778

578,259,263

Free share attribution

53,911,973

—

—

848,773

Options exercised during the period

457,512

276,387

Cancellation of treasury shares

(627,000)

—

578,259,263

579,384,423

Capital increase reserved for employees

NUMBER OF SHARES AS OF DECEMBER 31
Shares have a par value of 5.50 euros each and are all issued
and fully paid-up.

21.2. SHARE CAPITAL INCREASE RESERVED
FOR EMPLOYEES
On July 28, 2025, the Board of Directors decided to proceed to a
capital increase reserved for employees of Group companies
belonging to the France Group savings plan or the Air Liquide
International Group savings plan.
Under the authority conferred to him by the Board of Directors at its
meetings held on July 28, 2025, the share capital increase was
acknowledged by the Chief Executive Officer on December 9, 2025.
The subscription price was 137.89 euros for all employees, with
the exception of employees of Group’s subsidiaries located in the
U.S., for which the subscription price was 146.50 euros.
A total of 848,773 Air Liquide shares were purchased, for an
amount raised of 117.6 million euros, including a share premium
of 112.9 million euros.
The Group savings plan are recorded in profit or loss and
measured in accordance with IFRS 2 “Share-based Payment”
based on the following assumptions:
■ a two-week subscription period;
■ a five-year lock-in period from the end of the subscription
period in accordance with the French legislation.
With respect to the Group’s savings plan, the expense recorded in
2025 pursuant to IFRS 2 “Share-based Payment” amounted to
29.8 million euros thereof 4.5 million euros came from the
contribution granted by certain Group subsidiaries. The expense
recorded takes into account the five-year lock-in period.
The expense is recorded in “Other non-recurring operating
expenses”.

21.3. COMPANY TREASURY SHARES
Treasury shares are Air Liquide shares held by the Group,
including shares which are part of the liquidity contract, compliant
with an Ethics Charter recognized by the French financial markets
authority (Autorité des marchés financiers). As of December 31,
2025, the Group held 1,443,490 treasury shares (1,815,681 as of
December 31, 2024) including 50,050 treasury shares under a
liquidity contract (25,250 as of December 31, 2024). Changes in
the number of treasury shares are explained in the consolidated
statement of changes in equity.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

21.4. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
Share subscription option plans
The outstanding share options granted until 2018 by the Board of
Directors to certain employees of the Company and its subsidiaries,
including corporate officers, under the plans approved by Annual
General Meetings amounted to 218,094 options after adjustment
(average price of 69.41 euros), or 0.04% of share capital.
Out of the total number of options issued pursuant to the approval
by the Annual General Meeting on May 6, 2025,
11,587,688 options were retained for possible grant by the Board
of Directors as of December 31, 2025.

Performance shares plans
An additional compensation system involving performance shares
was set up in 2008 as a way to reward best employees and associate
their medium-term performance with the Company’s objectives.
The 19th resolution adopted by the Extraordinary Annual General
Meeting held on May 6, 2025 authorizes the Board of Directors to
grant free shares to Group employees, up to a maximum of 0.5%
of the Company’s share capital over a 38-month period. As part of
this maximum attribution, free shares representing up to 0.1% of
the Group’s share capital can be granted to corporate officers
over the same period.
Under this authority, the Board of Directors adopted one general
regulation on September 30, 2025 governing the attribution of
performance shares to beneficiaries determined by the Board
of Directors.
The granted shares shall be either shares issued through a capital
increase performed by the Company by no later than the definitive
vesting date or shares bought back by the Company on the
market prior to such date.
To date, performance shares granted are treasury shares bought
back as part of the Company’s shares buyback program.
The granted shares shall be of the same nature and category as
those making up the Company’s share capital at the date on
which the plans are approved by the Board of Directors.
On September 30, 2025, the Board of Directors decided to grant
324,947 performance shares to employees (2,744 beneficiaries).

AIR LIQUIDE

229

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Performance shares are subject to:
a) a continued service requirement during the vesting period: the shares granted to a beneficiary shall only finally vest if he or she has
been an employee or corporate officer of a Group company during a vesting period of three years calculated as from the grant date. In
the event of retirement, the beneficiary retains his rights, being no longer required to satisfy the continued service requirement;
b) performance requirements for all performance shares allocated to all beneficiaries.

Options granted to the ten employees of the Company and its subsidiaries
(excluding corporate officers) who were attributed the highest number of options
In 2025, no options have been granted.

Options exercised in 2025 by the ten employees of the Company and its subsidiaries
(excluding corporate officers) with the highest number of options exercised
Grant date

Number of options exercised

Average price (in euros) (a)

09/28/2015

28,091

69.12

11/29/2016

6,789

62.86

09/20/2017

1,189

70.30

09/25/2018

902

79.76

36,971

68.27

TOTAL
(a) Historical data adjusted of the past attribution of free shares.

Options exercised in 2024 by the ten employees of the Company and its subsidiaries
(excluding corporate officers) with the highest number of options exercised
Grant date

Number of options exercised

Average price (in euros) (a)

09/22/2014

188,262

69.67

09/28/2015

28,742

69.25

11/29/2016

49

69.33

09/25/2018

910

87.25

215,963

69.69

TOTAL
(a) Historical data.

Number of share subscription options and weighted average strike price

Options

230

2024

2025

Weighted average
strike price
(in euros)

Weighted average
strike price
(in euros)

Options

Total number of options outstanding as of January 1
(adjusted number and price)

956,176

67.10

494,684

69.22

Options exercised during the period (adjusted number and price)

457,512

69.19

276,387

69.05

Options canceled during the period (adjusted number and price)
Total number of options as of December 31
(adjusted number and price)

3,980

66.68

203

79.76

494,684

69.22

218,094

69.41

Of which total number of options eligible for exercise

494,684

69.22

218,094

69.41

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Financial Statements

Information on the fair value of share subscription options and attribution of performance shares
Share subscription options
No options have been granted in 2024 and 2025.

Attribution of performance shares
The fair value of performance shares attributed to employees depends for 50% on performance conditions linked to the Group’s results,
35% on Shareholder’s return and 15% on the reduction of carbon emissions in absolute value of Air Liquide.
The achievement of performance conditions linked with Group result together with the achievement of performance condition linked to the
reduction of carbon emissions in absolute value are not considered as underlying assumptions and were deemed to have been fully
achieved at the valuation date.
2024

2025

Plan 1 (a)

Plan 1 (a)

09/25/2024

09/30/2025

France

Outside of France

(b)

Duration of performance shares

5 years

4 years

3 years

Fair value of performance shares (in euros)

149.08

148.12

151.77

(a) Fair value at the attribution date, not restated for the effect of the later share capital increase with preferential subscription rights in the market and attributions
of free shares.
(b) As of 2025, performance share grants are subject to a global plan, under which the lifespan of the performance share is 3 years.

An expense of 43.2 million euros (excluding taxes) relating to the attribution of performance shares was recognized in the income
statement in 2025 compared to 39.8 million euros in 2024. The corresponding entry is recorded in equity.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

231

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 22 Provisions, pensions and other employee benefits
2025
(in millions of euros)

As of
Other
January 1 Increase Utilized reversals Discounting

Pensions and other
employee benefits

1,127.6

57.3

(92.7)

Restructuring plans

127.1

109.3

(54.1)

(24.4)

Guarantees
and other
provisions related
to engineering
contracts

179.7

91.7

(49.9)

(9.6)

Dismantling

285.8

Provisions
and contingent
liabilities as part
of a business
combination

133.2

Other provisions
TOTAL
PROVISIONS

591.1
2,444.5

(67.6)

(2.8)

Foreign
exchange
differences

Acquisitions
related to
business
combination

Other
movements (a)

As of
December 31

(18.4)

(1.1)

13.1

1,018.2

1.0

158.4

(0.5)

(4.0)
9.3

207.9

(11.3)

18.6

299.6

(21.3)

(18.6)

1.3

(11.1)

2.4

(0.3)

85.6

(78.0)

(27.2)

(0.2)

(17.8)

2.2

(10.1)

652.2

450.5 (298.8)

(79.8)

(57.2)

(63.1)

3.5

22.3

2,421.9

192.2

(a) Other movements correspond to account reclassifications, changes in scope of consolidation and provisions for dismantling, with no impact on the consolidated
cash flow statement.

2024
(in millions of euros)

Acquisitions
Foreign
related to
As of
Other
exchange
business
Other
As of
January 1 Increase Utilized reversals Discounting differences combination movements (a) December 31

Pensions and other
employee benefits

1,129.8

64.7

(94.1)

Restructuring plans

83.7

82.4

(40.5)

(0.4)

Guarantees and other
provisions related to
engineering contracts

178.4

55.6

(37.0)

(15.5)

(4.4)

1,127.6
1.8

127.1

1.1

(2.9)

179.7

1.2

9.8

285.8

(7.5)

1.5

6.3

8.9

0.6

133.2

(21.2)

1.7

4.0

0.4

9.3

591.1

7.9

18.3

35.2

18.6

2,444.5

273.5

(7.8)

(11.5)

Other provisions
TOTAL
PROVISIONS

573.1

147.8 (124.0)

2,368.6

355.3 (314.9)

(44.6)

4.8

25.9

0.1

9.1

Dismantling
Provisions and
contingent liabilities
as part of a business
combination

130.1

5.7

(a) Other movements correspond to account reclassifications, changes in scope of consolidation and provisions for dismantling, with no impact on the consolidated
cash flow statement.

In the normal course of its operations, the Group is party to
arbitration, judicial or administrative proceedings. The potential costs
of such proceedings are provided for, when they are probable, only if
the amount can be quantified or estimated within a reasonable
range. In the latter case, the amount provided for represents the
best estimate of the Group’s management. Provisions are
determined based on a case-by-case risk assessment and events
occurring during ongoing proceedings may result in a risk
reappraisal at any time. These litigations are by nature diverse and
involve various Group subsidiaries. Provisions recorded with respect
to all Group litigations amounted to 160.2 million euros as of

232

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

December 31, 2025 (151.4 million euros as of December 31, 2024)
and are presented in “Other provisions”. They include provisions for
industrial disputes and for tax risks, excluding income taxes,
respectively for 132.8 and 27.4 million euros.
The Group does not provide the detail of these provisions,
considering that disclosing the amount provided for each
individual litigation could be prejudicial to the Group.
Nevertheless, no single litigation is likely to have a material effect
on the Group’s financial position or its profitability.

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 23 Employee benefit obligations
23.1. PENSION PLANS
The most significant pension plans relate to France, Germany and
the United States.
In France, Air Liquide provides an additional retirement benefit
based on the final salary which is paid in addition to other normal
pension plans. On December 31, 1995, this plan was closed
to employees under age 45 or with less than 20 years of service
as of January 1, 1996; the latter being covered by a defined
contribution plan. This plan is unfunded. The annual amounts paid
with regards to additional benefits cannot exceed a threshold set
originally at 12% of total payroll or 12% of pre-tax profits of
companies involved. This 12% threshold will be proportionately
reduced by comparing the number of plan beneficiaries for the
year to the number of plan beneficiaries for the previous year. In
2017, this additional benefit was funded subsequently to the
article 50 of the law of January 20, 2014 securing the future and
fairness of pensions plans.
IAS 19 “Employee Benefits” provides a very restrictive definition of
defined contribution plans; any plans not complying fully with the
conditions required are defined benefit plans by default.
This restrictive definition of defined contribution plans requires
Air Liquide to account for these additional benefits as a defined
benefit plan in spite of the limited obligations for the Company and
the nature of the obligations not being stable or continuous.
The qualification as a defined benefit plan results in the
recognition of a provision with regards to the future obligations.
With the Company’s obligations being limited, the valuation of
what will actually be paid to retirees is uncertain. Since the effect
of this threshold cannot be measured reliably, the provision
recognized represents the actuarial value of the amounts to be
paid out to retirees until the plan is closed, excluding any potential
threshold effect. The additional retirement benefit paid by
Air Liquide is aligned with the indexation of French statutory and
supplementary pension plans up to a maximum annuity. Any
additional annuity will not be subject to any indexation.

The first plan provides the retirees of Lurgi (Engineering
& Technologies activity) with a lifetime annuity, based on the
income and length of service vested in the plan at the time of
retirement, the normal retirement age being 65. The plan also
provides disability and widowhood pensions. This plan is now
closed to new entrants, the latter benefiting from a defined
contribution plan.
The second plan is an old plan covering employees of the
Gas & Services activities. The plan provides a lifetime annuity, based
on the average income earned over the employee’s career and the
length of service vested at the time of retirement, the normal
retirement age being 65. The plan also provides disability, preretirement and widowhood pensions. It is now closed to new
entrants, with new employees benefiting from another defined benefit
plan. Providing a minimum length of service of ten years, the plan
provides a lifetime annuity based on the average income earned
over the employee’s career and the length of service vested at the
time of retirement, the normal retirement age being 65. The plan also
provides disability, pre-retirement and widowhood pensions.
In accordance with common market practice in Germany, limited
funding contributions are made to pension funds as both plans are
mainly managed internally.
In the United States, Air Liquide grants retirees supplemental
benefits in addition to the normal pension plans. The U.S. plan
provides a traditional final average pay benefit to those who
continue to accrue benefits. A retiring employee may elect to
receive their pension benefit as a lump sum or a lifetime annuity.
This plan was closed to new participants in 2004 and was frozen
in 2016. Therefore, employees who joined the Company before
2004 are no longer acquiring new rights on this defined benefit
plan, but benefit from the defined contribution plan that has been
opened since 2004 to new employees.
A new plan was implemented on January 1, 2017 (Supplemental
Saving plan). This plan comes on top of the basic savings plan
offering additional retirement benefits beyond the tax limit of the
basic plan. It represents an annual cost of around
6 million US dollars.

In Germany, there are two main Air Liquide pension plans.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

233

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

23.2. OBLIGATIONS
Group obligations related to pension plans and similar benefits as of December 31, 2025 are shown below:
2025

(in millions of euros)

Defined
benefit
plans

Retirement
termination
payments

Other long term
benefits

Medical Plans

Total

(18.7)

(24.3)

(1,043.7)

A. Change in net liabilities
Net liabilities at the beginning of the period

(837.2)

(163.5)

(Acquisition) divestiture/transfer

0.4

(0.7)

(Expense) income recognized

(40.2)

(13.7)

(2.5)

(0.9)

(57.3)

Employer contributions

78.1

11.2

3.4

1.9

94.6

Gains (losses) for the period

53.0

10.1

0.9

64.0

Exchange rate movements

11.9

1.9

0.4

14.2

(734.0)

(154.7)

(17.8)

(22.0)

(928.5)

Service cost

13.9

10.8

2.1

0.1

26.9

Interest expense on the net defined benefit liability

26.3

6.0

0.7

0.8

Net liabilities at the end of the period

(0.3)

B. Expense recorded in 2025

Actuarial (gains) losses

(0.2)

Curtailment/settlement

33.8
(0.2)

(3.1)

(0.1)

40.2

13.7

2.5

0.9

57.3

DBO at the beginning of the period

1,826.4

163.8

21.6

24.5

2,036.3

Acquisition (divestiture)/transfer

(0.5)

0.7

(0.1)

Service cost

13.9

10.8

2.1

0.1

26.9

Interest cost

62.4

6.0

0.8

0.8

70.0

Employee contributions

2.0
(3.1)

(0.1)

Expense (income) recognized

(3.2)

C. Change in present value of obligations in 2025

Curtailment/settlement

0.1

2.0
(3.2)

Benefit payments

(141.3)

(11.3)

(3.4)

(1.9)

(157.9)

Actuarial (gains) losses

(22.9)

(10.1)

(0.2)

(0.8)

(34.0)

Exchange rate movements

(79.7)

(1.9)

0.1

(0.5)

(82.0)

1,660.3

154.9

20.8

22.2

1,858.2

989.4

0.2

3.0

0.2

992.8

Obligations at the end of the period
D. Change in plan assets in 2025
Fair value of assets at the beginning of the period
Acquisition (divestiture)/transfer
Actual return on plan assets

66.2

Employer contributions

6.9

66.2
6.9

Employee contributions

2.0

2.0

Benefit payments

(70.2)

(70.2)

Exchange rate movements

(67.8)

Fair value of assets at the end of the period

926.3

0.2

3.0

0.2

929.7

(1,660.3)

(154.9)

(20.8)

(22.2)

(1,858.2)

926.3

0.2

3.0

0.2

929.7

(734.0)

(154.7)

(17.8)

(22.0)

(928.5)

(67.8)

E. Funded status at the end of 2025
Present value of obligations
Fair value of plan assets
Surplus management reserve
Net liabilities

F. Actuarial (gains) and losses recognized directly in equity
(Gains) and losses at the beginning of the period

1,003.9

3.0

(0.1)

(1.2)

1,005.6

(Gains) and losses on obligations

(22.9)

(10.1)

(0.2)

(0.8)

(34.0)

(Gains) and losses on plan assets

(30.1)

(30.1)

Acquisition (divestiture)/transfer
Exchange rate movements

(45.2)

(1.2)

(Gains) and losses at the end of the period (a)

905.7

(8.3)

(0.3)

0.4

(46.0)

(1.6)

895.5

(a) Losses (gains), net of tax, recognized in equity, amounted to 659 million euros as of December 31, 2025.

234

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Group obligations related to pension plans and similar benefits as of December 31, 2024 are shown below:
2024
(in millions of euros)

Defined
benefit plans

Retirement
termination
payments

Other long
term benefits

Medical
Plans

Total

(25.3)

(1,059.7)

(0.9)

(60.5)

A. Change in net liabilities
(856.0)

(158.7)

(19.7)

(Acquisition) divestiture/transfer

Net liabilities at the beginning of the period

(2.5)

0.7

0.1

(Expense) income recognized

(41.6)

(14.6)

(3.4)
4.0

Employer contributions

74.9

8.9

Gains (losses) for the period

(5.6)

0.2

Exchange rate movements
Net liabilities at the end of the period

(6.4)

(1.7)
2.0

89.8

(0.1)

(5.5)

(24.3)

(1,043.7)

0.3
(18.7)

(6.1)

(837.2)

(163.5)

Service cost

15.4

10.3

2.6

0.1

28.4

Interest expense on the net defined benefit liability

26.5

5.5

0.7

0.8

33.5

Curtailment/settlement

(0.3)

(1.2)

(0.1)

—

(1.6)

Expense (income) recognized

41.6

14.6

3.4

0.9

60.5

25.5

2,076.0

B. Expense recorded in 2024

Actuarial (gains) losses

0.1

0.1

C. Change in present value of obligations in 2024
DBO at the beginning of the period

1,870.0

158.9

21.6

Acquisition (divestiture)/transfer

2.5

(0.7)

(0.1)

Service cost

15.4

10.3

2.6

0.1

28.4

Interest cost

64.7

5.5

0.8

0.8

71.8

Employee contributions
Curtailment/settlement

2.3
(0.3)

(1.2)

Benefit payments

(144.8)

(8.8)

(3.1)

(2.0)

(158.7)

Actuarial (gains) losses

(10.7)

(0.2)

(0.2)

0.2

(10.9)

Exchange rate movements

27.3

Obligations at the end of the period

1.7

2.3
(1.6)

(0.1)

27.2

1,826.4

163.8

21.6

24.5

2,036.3

1,014.3

0.2

1.9

0.2

1,016.6

D. Change in plan assets in 2024
Fair value of assets at the beginning of the period
Actual return on plan assets

21.8

0.1

Employer contributions

7.2

1.0

21.9

Employee contributions

2.3

2.3
(77.0)

8.2

Benefit payments

(77.0)

Exchange rate movements

20.8

Fair value of assets at the end of the period

989.4

0.2

3.0

0.2

992.8

20.8

E. Funded status at the end of 2024
Present value of obligations

(1,826.4)

(163.8)

(21.6)

(24.5)

(2,036.3)

Fair value of plan assets

989.4

0.2

3.0

0.2

992.8

Surplus management reserve

(0.2)
(163.6)

(18.6)

(24.3)

(1,043.7)

Net liabilities

(837.2)

(0.2)

F. Actuarial (gains) and losses recognized directly in equity
(Gains) and losses at the beginning of the period

975.9

3.5

0.1

(1.5)

978.0

(Gains) and losses on obligations

(10.7)

(0.2)

(0.2)

0.2

(10.9)

(Gains) and losses on plan assets

16.4

Change in surplus management reserve

0.3

(0.4)

22.0

0.1

1,003.9

3.0

Exchange rate movements
(Gains) and losses at the end of the period (a)

16.4
(0.1)
(0.1)

0.1

22.2

(1.2)

1,005.6

(a) Losses (gains), net of tax, recognized in equity, amounted to 740 million euros as of December 31, 2024.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

235

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

The amounts mentioned above can be broken down as follows by geographical area as of December 31, 2025:
2025
(in millions of euros)

Obligations

Plan assets

Provisions in the
balance sheet

Europe/Africa

(1,176)

342

(834)

Americas

(650)

556

(94)

Asia Pacific

(32)

31

(1)

(1,858)

929

(929)

TOTAL

Surplus management
reserve

—

The amounts mentioned above can be broken down as follows by geographical area as of December 31, 2024:
2024
(in millions of euros)

Obligations

Plan assets

Provisions in the
balance sheet

Surplus management
reserve

(1,262)

335

(927)

—

Americas

Europe/Africa

(733)

622

(111)

—

Asia Pacific

(41)

36

(6)

—

(2,036)

993

(1,044)

—

TOTAL

23.3. MAIN ASSUMPTIONS
The main discount rates used are as follows:
2024

2025

Euro zone

3.4%

4.0%

Canada

4.6%

4.9%

Japan

1.7%

2.5%

Switzerland

0.9%

1.2%

United States

5.5%

5.2%

United Kingdom

5.4%

5.4%

Expected return on assets (a)

Discount rate 2024

Impact (in bp)

Euro zone

5.4%

3.4%

(200)

Canada

5.6%

4.6%

(100)

Japan

3.3%

1.7%

(160)

Switzerland

6.7%

0.9%

(580)

United States

6.4%

5.5%

(90)

United Kingdom

5.4%

5.4%

—

Differences between expected returns on plan assets and the main discount rates are as follows:
2025

(a) The expected return on long-term assets was determined by taking into account, in each country, the asset allocation in the portfolio.

2024

Impact (in bp)

Expected return on assets (a)

Discount rate 2023

Euro zone

0.3%

3.2%

290

Canada

13.9%

4.7%

(920)

Japan

9.9%

1.5%

(840)

Switzerland

16.9%

1.4%

(1,550)

United States

0.8%

5.0%

420

United Kingdom

0.4%

4.5%

410

(a) The expected return on long-term assets was determined by taking into account, in each country, the asset allocation in the portfolio.

236

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

23.4. BREAKDOWN OF GAINS AND LOSSES FOR THE PERIOD
2024

2025

Experience gains and losses on present value of the obligation

15

16

Gains and losses on present value related to changes in assumptions

(4)

18

Experience gains and losses on fair value of assets

(16)

30

Interest income
on financial assets Actual return on assets

Gains and losses
on assets

(in millions of euros)

Breakdown of experience gains and losses on financial assets
2025
(in millions of euros)

Europe/Africa

6.9

17.8

10.9

Americas

28.5

47.1

18.6

Asia Pacific

0.6

1.1

0.5

TOTAL

36.0

66.0

30.0

Interest income
on financial assets Actual return on assets

Gains and losses
on assets

2024
(in millions of euros)

Europe/Africa

8.1

(3.8)

(11.9)

Americas

29.6

24.9

(4.7)

Asia Pacific

0.6

0.8

0.2

TOTAL

38.3

21.9

(16.4)

23.5. PENSION PLAN RISK ANALYSIS
Sensitivity to movements in discount rates and other variables
The present value of obligations related to defined benefit plans is
measured by discounting estimated future cash flows. Discount
rates are determined based on Government bonds rates or, when
the financial markets are sufficiently liquid, on “high-quality”
corporate bond rates, which can vary from one period to another.

Changes in discount rates can materially change the present value
of the Group’s obligations and the expense recorded in the year.
The amount of obligations is affected to a lesser extent by revised
wages and inflation indexes, as well as legal changes regarding
retirement age or official mortality tables.

Impact of a -0.25% decrease in discount rates
Impact on obligations as of December 31, 2025

(in millions of euros)

% of total obligations as of
December 31, 2025

Europe/Africa

30

2.6%

Americas

13

2.0%

Asia Pacific

1

2.6%

TOTAL

44

2.4%

Impact on obligations as of December 31, 2024

(in millions of euros)

% of total obligations as of
December 31, 2024

Europe/Africa

33

2.6%

Americas

14

1.9%

Asia Pacific

1

1.3%

TOTAL

48

2.4%

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

237

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Impact of a +0.25% increase in discount rates
Impact on obligations as of December 31, 2025

(in millions of euros)

% of total obligations as of
December 31, 2025

Europe/Africa

(29)

-2.5%

Americas

(13)

-1.9%

Asia Pacific

(1)

-2.5%

TOTAL

(43)

-2.3%

Impact on obligations as of December 31, 2024

(in millions of euros)

% of total obligations as of
December 31, 2024

Europe/Africa

(32)

-2.5%

Americas

(14)

-1.9%

Asia Pacific

(2)

-4.2%

TOTAL

(48)

-2.3%

Sensitivity of the value of plan assets to market conditions
For the Group’s defined benefit plans subject to funding
requirements, the fair value of plan assets is primarily dependent
on interest rates, the performance of plan assets and
amendments to local regulations. Any adverse change on these
variables would require additional Group contributions to the
pension funds on a timely basis.

financial markets would increase the net liabilities of defined benefit
plans. The plans’ coverage ratios would decrease accordingly,
requiring additional Group contributions on a timely basis.
Within the Group, plan assets are piloted and managed at local
level, especially through investment committees and monitoring of
performance and allocations based on the social liabilities
covered.

Plan assets consist of shares, bonds and other assets whose value
is generally subject to market fluctuations. A downturn in the
2025
(in millions euros)

Bonds
% Amounts

Real estate
% Amounts

Cash
% Amounts

Europe/Africa

83

24.2%

16

4.8%

103

30.2%

8

Americas

98

17.6%

346

62.2%

12

2.1%

Asia Pacific

4

12.3%

22

70.0%

—

1.3%

TOTAL

185

2024

Shares
Amounts

(in millions euros)

384

115

Bonds
% Amounts

341 100.0%

3

0.5%

98

17.6%

557 100.0%

4

13.5%

1

2.9%

15

Real estate
Cash
% Amounts
% Amounts

31 100.0%
929

Others
% Amounts

TOTAL
% Amounts

131

39.1%

%
335 100.0%

7

1.1%

79

12.8%

622 100.0%

4

10.0%

1

3.1%

4.6%

98

29.1%

10

Americas

135

21.7%

373

59.9%

28

4.5%

Asia Pacific

4

12.3%

26

73.3%

1

1.4%

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

230

3.0%

15

127

%

38.5%

24.2%

414

TOTAL
% Amounts

131

81

220

Others
% Amounts

2.3%

Europe/Africa

TOTAL

238

Shares
Amounts

21

211

36 100.0%
993

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 24 Borrowings
This note provides information on the breakdown of the Group’s borrowings by instrument. For further information on financial
instruments and the exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks, please refer to note 25.

Net debt calculation
December 31, 2024

December 31, 2025

Non-current borrowings

(8,403.1)

(10,030.0)

Current borrowings

(2,671.4)

(2,347.5)

TOTAL GROSS DEBT

(11,074.5)

(12,377.5)

(in millions of euros)

Cash and cash equivalents

1,915.3

3,962.0

TOTAL NET DEBT AT THE END OF THE PERIOD

(9,159.2)

(8,415.5)

Statement of changes in net debt
(in millions of euros)

Net debt at the beginning of the period

2024

2025

(9,220.9)

(9,159.2)

Net cash flows from operating activities

6,322.2

6,518.4

Net cash flows used in investing activities

(3,583.4)

(3,751.0)

Net cash flows from (used in) financing activities excluding changes in borrowings

(2,322.6)

(2,227.4)

Total net cash flows
Effect of exchange rate changes, opening net debt of newly acquired companies
and others

416.2

540.0

(134.2)

386.6

Adjustment of costs and expenses related to net debt

(220.3)

(182.9)

Change in net debt
TOTAL NET DEBT AT THE END OF THE PERIOD

61.7

743.7

(9,159.2)

(8,415.5)

The Air Liquide Group net debt breaks down as follows:
2024
Carrying amount
(in millions of euros)

Bonds and private placements

Non-current

Current

Total

Non-current

Current

Total

7,362.1

1,049.1

8,411.2

8,788.0

1,032.5

9,820.5

352.6

352.6

533.2

533.2

1,006.2

1,250.0

2,256.2

1,201.0

781.8

1,982.8

2,347.5

12,377.5

Commercial paper programs
Bank debt and other financial debt
Put options granted to minority shareholders
TOTAL BORROWINGS (A)

2025
Carrying amount

34.8

19.7

54.5

41.0

8,403.1

2,671.4

11,074.5

10,030.0

41.0

Short-term loans

32.4

32.4

17.4

17.4

Short-term marketable securities

329.5

329.5

1,610.1

1,610.1

Cash in bank

1,553.4

1,553.4

2,334.5

2,334.5

TOTAL CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (B)

1,915.3

1,915.3

3,962.0

3,962.0

756.1

9,159.2

10,030.0 (1,614.5)

8,415.5

NET DEBT (A) - (B)

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

8,403.1

AIR LIQUIDE

239

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

In accordance with the Group’s policy to diversify funding sources,
long-term bonds and private placements are the primary sources
of funding and represent 79% of gross debt as of
December 31, 2025. Outstanding notes under these sources
amounted to 9.8 billion euros at the end of 2025.

■ 2.15 billion euros multi-tranche bond to finance the DIG Airgas
acquisition:
– 400 million euros Floating rate bond, maturity November 5,
2027 (2 years), at Euribor 3 months +0.23% coupon,
– 500 million euros Fixed rate bond, maturity November 5,
2029 (4 years), at reorder yield of 2.641% (2.625%
coupon),
– 500 million euros Fixed rate bond, maturity May 5, 2033
(7.5 years), at reorder yield of 3.115% (3.00% coupon),
– 750 million euros Fixed rate bond, maturity November 5,
2037 (12 years), at reorder yield of 3.512% (3.50%
coupon);

The carrying amount of commercial paper amounted to
0.5 billion euros as of December 31, 2025, increasing compared
to December 31, 2024.
Gross debt increased by 1.3 billion euros. Bond debt increased by
1.4 billion euros. Indeed, bond issues matured in 2025 or early
redempted were only partially renewed, however a new multitranche bond has been set-up in November 2025 to finance DIG
Airgas acquisition, which was finalized on January 13, 2026. In
addition, bank debt decreased by 0.3 billion euros.

In consideration thereof, Air Liquide Finance repaid:
■ a 100 million euros Private Placement maturing March, 31 2025;
■ a bond issue issued in 2020 and maturing April 2, 2025,
initially for 500 million euros and whose nominal value had
been reduced to 372 million euros following an early
redemption carried out in 2023;

In 2025, two bonds were issued by Air Liquide Finance,
guaranteed by L’Air Liquide S.A.:
■ 500 million euros Green Bond to finance the energy transition,
maturity March 21, 2035 (10 years), at a reoffer yield of 3.57%
(3.50% coupon);

■ a bond issue issued in 2015 and maturing June 3, 2025,
for 500 million euros.

The carrying amount of borrowings in the balance sheet is as follows:
2024
(in millions of euros)

Carrying
amount

2025
Amount issued (a)

Amortized cost
ajustments (b)

Carrying amount
(a)+(b)

Bonds in the EMTN program

5,696.0

7,450.0

30.1

7,480.1

Bonds not in the EMTN program

2,043.8

1,801.0

5.8

1,806.8

Private placements in the EMTN program

574.1

440.0

7.8

447.8

Private placements not in the EMTN program

97.3

85.0

0.8

85.8

8,411.2

9,776.0

44.5

9,820.5

352.6

535.3

(2.1)

533.2

2,256.2

1,975.7

7.1

1,982.8

49.5

12,377.5

TOTAL BONDS AND PRIVATE PLACEMENTS
Commercial paper programs
Bank debt and other financial debt
Put options granted to minority shareholders
LONG-TERM BORROWINGS

54.5

41.0

11,074.5

12,328.0

41.0

(a) Nominal amount.
(b) Amortized cost including accrued interest.

24.1. CARRYING AMOUNT AND FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Financial assets or liabilities with a carrying amount differing from their fair value are unhedged fixed-rate borrowings.

(in millions of euros)

2024
Carrying amount

Fair value

2025
Carrying amount

Fair value

FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
Non-current borrowings

8,403.1

7,797.2

10,030.0

9,437.0

The fair value of the Group’s financial instruments is calculated using financial market data, which allows a relevant estimate of their market
value from a non-liquidation perspective. This valuation technique is level 1 according to IFRS 13 (prices quoted on an active market).
Given their short maturity, the other components of the debt, as well as supplier debts and trade receivables, have a fair value close
to their book value.

240

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

24.2. MATURITY OF BORROWINGS
It is the Group policy to spread over time the maturity of long-term debt (bonds, private placements and bank credit facilities) in order to
limit the annual refinancing needs.
2025
(in millions of euros)

Bonds and private
placements
Commercial
paper programs
Bank debt,
overdraft
and other
financial debt
Put options
granted
to minority
shareholders
TOTAL
BORROWINGS

Nominal
amount

Carrying
On
amount demand

<1
year

9,776.0

9,820.5

535.3

533.2

533.2

1,975.7

1,982.8

781.8

41.0

41.0

12,328.0

12,377.5

Maturity
≥ 1 year and ≤ 5 years
2027

2031

2032

2033

997.9 1,021.4 1,094.5

605.4

595.1

993.9 2,395.7

333.8

156.5

131.9

43.6

13.7

41.0 2,347.5 1,406.4 1,331.7 1,211.4 1,251.0

737.3

638.7 1,007.6 2,404.9

322.3

2029

> 5 years

2030

1,032.5 1,084.1

2028

190.0

> 2033

9.2

41.0

Maturity
2024
(in millions of euros)

Bonds and private
placements
Commercial
paper programs
Bank debt,
overdraft
and other
financial debt
Put options
granted
to minority
shareholders
TOTAL
BORROWINGS

Nominal
amount

Carrying
On
amount demand

<1
year

> 5 years

2026

2027

2028

2029

2030

2031

2032

1,049.1 1,048.6

694.5

997.0

577.9 1,093.2

618.9

594.4 1,737.7

302.6

183.7

127.4

77.3

54.7

705.3 1,170.5

673.6

8,370.5

8,411.2

354.4

352.6

352.6

2,242.8

2,256.2

1,250.0

54.5

54.5

11,022.2

11,074.5

34.8

≥ 1 year et ≤ 5 years

256.5

2.5

> 2032

1.6

19.7

34.8 2,671.4 1,305.1

997.1 1,180.7

596.9 1,739.3

24.3. FIXED-RATE PORTION OF GROSS DEBT (1)
Portion of fixed-rate gross debt
(as % of total debt)

2024

EUR debt

97%

81%

USD debt

80%

100%

2025

CNY debt

79%

86%

JPY debt

100%

100%

TWD debt

88%

86%

Total debt

88%

89%

As of December 31, 2025, fixed-rate debt represented 89% of the total debt.

(1)

Including Interest Rate Swaps.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

241

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

24.4. DETAIL OF BOND DEBT
The table below details the main characteristics of the Group’s bond issues in progress as of December 31, 2025. They represent 79%
of the Group’s debt (76% as of December 31, 2024).
Currency

242

Nominal value still due
(in millions)

Issue date

Maturity

500

2025

2035

Issuer
AL Finance

Coupon

EUR
EUR

400

2025

2027

AL Finance

Euribor 3M +0.23%

EUR

500

2025

2029

AL Finance

2.625%

EUR

500

2025

2033

AL Finance

3.000%

EUR

750

2025

2037

AL Finance

3.500%

EUR

500

2024

2034

AL Finance

3.375%

EUR

600

2022

2032

AL Finance

2.875%

EUR

500

2021

2033

AL Finance

0.375%

EUR

500

2021

2031

AL Finance

0.375%

EUR

500

2020

2030

AL Finance

1.375%

EUR

600

2019

2030

AL Finance

0.625%

EUR

600

2017

2027

AL Finance

1.000%

EUR

1,000

2016

2028

AL Finance

1.250%

EUR

100

2014

2029

AL Finance

3.000%

EUR

150

2014

2026

AL Finance

3.000%

USD

500

2019

2029

AL Finance

2.250%

USD

682

2016

2046

AL Finance

3.500%

USD

935

2016

2026

AL Finance

2.500%

USD

100

2012

2027

AL Finance

3.460%

JPY

20,000

2023

2031

AL Finance

0.829%

JPY

15,000

2008

2038

AL Finance

3.160%

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

3.500%

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

24.5. NET DEBT BY CURRENCY
The Group ensures a natural hedge and reduces its exposure to
currency fluctuations by raising debt mainly in the currency of the
cash flows that are generated to repay the debt. In most countries,
and especially outside the euro, US dollar, Yen and Chinese
renminbi zones, financing is raised in either local or foreign
currency (EUR or USD) when sales contracts are indexed to
foreign currency. Debt in other currencies is mainly denominated
in Taiwan dollar, South African Rand and in Canadian dollar.
As part of intra-group multi-currency financing, the Central
Treasury Department converts the debt raised in financial markets
into various currencies to finance subsidiaries in their functional

currencies or their cash flow currencies. The breakdown of this
hedging portfolio is shown in the table below.
Accordingly, a portion of the euro debt raised was converted to
other currencies to finance foreign subsidiaries. As an example,
2,418.5 million euros equivalent were raised initially in US dollar,
and 563.2 million euros equivalent were converted from US dollar
using currency swap contracts to other currencies, reducing initial
Gross Debt. Eventually, 233.5 million euros equivalent were in
cash in US dollar, leading to an adjusted net debt in US dollars of
1,621.8 million euros equivalent.

Gross debt –
original issue

Interest rate and
currency swaps

Cash and cash
equivalents

Adjusted net debt

EUR

8,264.1

(3.3)

(2,852.2)

5,408.6

USD

2,418.5

(563.2)

(233.5)

1,621.8

JPY

192.6

23.4

(43.2)

172.8

CNY

684.7

(41.7)

(304.0)

339.0

TWD

586.9

—

(26.0)

560.9

Other currencies

230.7

584.8

(503.1)

312.4

12,377.5

—

(3,962.0)

8,415.5

Gross debt – original
issue

Interest rate and
currency swaps

Cash and cash
equivalents

Adjusted net debt

EUR

6,700.1

(1,365.6)

(661.3)

4,673.2

USD

2,511.5

520.7

(270.2)

2,762.0

JPY

217.2

67.3

(12.0)

272.5

CNY

569.7

(5.9)

(455.2)

108.6

TWD

548.7

—

(27.8)

520.9

Other currencies

527.3

783.5

(488.8)

822.0

11,074.5

—

(1,915.3)

9,159.2

2025
(in millions of euros)

TOTAL
2024
(in millions of euros)

TOTAL

24.6. BREAKDOWN OF AVERAGE NET FINANCE COSTS
Net debt depends on the original gross debt raised on the financial markets, on the swap of this debt into foreign currencies to finance the
subsidiaries, and on surplus cash positions. The average cost of net debt presented in the following table takes into account these
various components, i.e. financing expenses, amortization and commission fees, income and expenses related to foreign currency
translation and income or expenses related to cash surpluses.
2024

(in millions of euros)

Average
outstanding
debt

2025

Net interests

Average net
finance costs

Average
outstanding
debt

Net interests

Average net
finance costs

EUR

4,660.8

107.1

2.3%

5,192.6

108.7

2.1%

USD

2,777.9

140.2

5.0%

2,266.8

117.5

5.2%

JPY

319.8

3.5

1.1%

238.5

3.4

1.4%

CNY

273.8

17.4

6.4%

370.6

21.0

5.7%

483.0

12.1

2.5%

596.9

15.8

2.6%

Other currencies

TWD

1,012.8

45.1

4.5%

587.5

35.2

6.0%

TOTAL

9,528.1

325.4

3.4%

9,252.9

301.6

3.3%

Capitalized interests

(67.0)

(59.1)

TOTAL COST OF DEBT

258.4

242.5

The net finance costs, excluding capitalized interests decreased by 23.8 million euros. They stand at 3.3% of the average outstanding
debt in 2025.
The cost of net debt in the cash flow statement in accordance with IAS 7.35 is presented net of tax.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

243

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

24.7. OTHER FINANCING INFORMATION
Three financial covenants are associated to bank debt facilities
exceeding 50 million euros: they are long term loans used by AL
Arabia (Saudi Arabia), AL Munay Tech Gases (Kazakhstan) and
AL Far Eastern (Taiwan) for a total outstanding amount of
235 million euros equivalent as of December 31, 2025. Financial
covenants were all met as of December 31, 2025.

Bonds issued by Air Liquide Finance, and making up the carrying
amount of bonds as of December 31, 2025, include a change of
control clause, with the exception of the 20 billion Japanese yen
(109 million euros equivalent) private placement maturing in
September 2031.

The total amount of bank credit facilities subject to financial
covenants represents around 3.7% of the Group’s gross debt as
of December 31, 2025.

Note 25 Financial risk policy and management
25.1. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
Risk management is a priority for the Group. Consequently, the
Finance Department governance relies on Strategic Finance
Committees and Operational Finance Committees.
The Finance Department centrally manages the main financial
risks, in accordance with decisions taken by the Strategic Finance
Committee to which it reports on a regular basis. The Finance
Department also performs country and customer risks analyses
associated with investment decisions and attends Investment
Committee meetings.
The financial policy adopted by Air Liquide, the purpose of which
is to minimize the risks incurred by the Group and its subsidiaries,
enables the Group to ensure sustainable funding sources. To
minimize the refinancing risk related to debt maturity schedules,
the Group diversifies financing sources and spreads maturities
over several years. In 2025, the average debt maturity was
5.6 years. As of December 31, 2025, the long-term debt (gross
debt maturing in more than one year) represented 81% of the
overall Group debt, compared to 76% as of December 31, 2024.
Interest rate, commodities and foreign currency hedging
strategies validated by the Operational Finance Committee are
set up depending on market opportunities, while complying with
prudence and risk limitation principles. Negotiated market
operations can be governed by Fédération Bancaire Française
(“FBF”) contracts or by International Swaps and Derivatives
Associates (“ISDA”) contracts. These do not include
collateralization commitments or margin calls.
The Group also pays continuous attention to its bank and
customer counterparty risks by regularly monitoring ratings issued
by main international rating agencies and the level of risk
associated with these counterparties. An internal ratings system,
set-up in 2018, is used for the most important clients when no
leading credit ratings agency information is available.

a) Foreign exchange risk
Principles
Financial instruments are only used to hedge transaction-based
foreign exchange risk. The risk is attached on the one hand to
financial cash flows arising from royalties, dividends, intra-group
loans and borrowings denominated in foreign currencies and on
the other hand to foreign currency commercial cash flows from
operating entities in foreign currencies other than their functional
currency. Although in slight increase, commercial cash flows
denominated in foreign currencies do not represent significant
amounts compared to consolidated revenue.
Foreign exchange risk related to royalties, dividend flows and
intra-group loans and borrowings in foreign currencies is hedged
by the Central Treasury Department using currency forwards or
options with an overall term of less than 18 months.
Foreign currency commercial cash flows from operating entities
are hedged either as part of the annual budgetary process for
subsidiaries with recurring flows in foreign currency or at the
signing date of a sale or purchase contract for non-recurring flows
for the Engineering & Technologies business line. Around a
hundred subsidiaries are exposed to foreign exchange risk. These
subsidiaries mainly use currency forwards set up by Air Liquide
Finance (internal counterparty for hedging transactions) except in
countries where it is prohibited by local regulations. The majority
of these contracts have short maturities (three to twelve months)
and market transactions are regulated by master agreements of
the French Banking Federation (“FBF”) or by master agreements
of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (“ISDA”)
for local hedging operations. These do not include collateralization
commitments or margin calls.
When preparing their budget at the year-end, subsidiaries report
their foreign exchange risk exposure to the Central Treasury
Department in order to hedge the commercial cash flows expected
in the following year. In each case, the Central Treasury
Department monitors the adequacy of the hedges with the identified
risks and performs a full revaluation of all hedges, every six months.
The foreign exchange translation risk (consolidation in euros of
the assets and liabilities in currencies) is not subject to hedging.
Indeed, investments are essentially funded in the currency in
which the cash flows are generated, thus creating a natural
currency hedging.

244

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Sensitivity of derivatives and their underlying hedged items to foreign currency fluctuations
The table below shows the effect of a 10% fluctuation in hedging currency exchange rates on the recognition of the foreign exchange
derivatives portfolio in the Group’s net profit and equity as of December 31, 2025. The sensitivity of net profit and equity primarily reflects
the effect of foreign exchange swaps relating to the intragroup financing activity of the subsidiary Air Liquide Finance, and currency
forward hedging instruments contracted at head office level.
Foreign exchange risk
+10%
(in millions of euros)

Foreign exchange derivatives and their hedged
underlying items
For a reminder, DIG Airgas acquisition was paid in South Korean
won; its financing, was carried out with a bond issue of 2.15 billion
euros under the Group’s Euro Medium Term Note. The amounts
raised in euros in November 2025 were then converted into South
Korean won in January 2026 to pay the acquisition price. The
acquisition was finalized in January 13, 2026.
To protect this acquisition price, the Group hedged the euro/South
Korean won risk at the time of signing the acquisition agreement
through contingent forward instruments. The contingency was
subject to the approval of the acquisition by the Korean Federal
Trade Commission (“KFTC”), the South Korean competition
authority. This contingency has been released on December 18,
2025. These instruments were used to hedge the acquisition price
between the signing of the agreement and the closing of the
acquisition on January 13, 2026.

b) Interest rate risk
Principles
Air Liquide centrally manages interest rate risk on the main
currencies: euro, US dollar and yen which represented 86% of the
Group’s total net debt as of December 31, 2025. Regarding other
currencies, the Finance Department provides subsidiaries with
advice as to the different types of bank loans and/or hedging
transactions to enter into according to the characteristics of local
financial markets.
The Group policy is to maintain the major portion of total debt at
fixed rates and to protect the residual balance using optional

-10%

P&L impact

Equity
impact

P&L impact

Equity
impact

—

205.6

—

(205.6)

hedging instruments. This approach enables the Group to limit the
effect of interest rate fluctuations on financial expenses.
Consequently, at the 2025 year-end, 89% of the total debt was
fixed-rate debt. The fixed-rate/floating-rate breakdown is reviewed
on a regular basis by the Finance Committees, depending on
interest rate fluctuations and the level of Group debt.

Sensitivity to interest rate fluctuations on cost
of floating-rate debt
The Group net debt exposed to rising interest rate amounted to
around 99 million equivalent euros as of December 31, 2025, for
an average outstanding amount over the year of 0.7 billion
equivalent euros (total debt adjusted for interest rate hedging
instruments and short-term securities) stable compared to
December 31, 2024 (0.7 billion equivalent euros).
An increase or decrease in interest rates by 100 basis points
(±1%) on all yield curves would have an effect of approximately
±7 million euros on the Group’s annual cost of debt (accounted in
financial charges) before tax, assuming outstanding floating debt
remains constant.

Sensitivity to interest rate fluctuations on derivatives
and their underlying hedged items
The table below shows the effect of a 1% fluctuation of interest rates
in all foreign currencies on the interest rate derivatives portfolio in
the Group’s net profit and equity, as of December 31, 2025.

Interest rate risk
+1.0%

-1.0%

P&L impact

Equity impact

P&L impact

Equity impact

Interest rate derivatives and their hedged underlying items

—

85.1

—

(91.4)

To protect the Group against the increase of variable rates in 2025
applicable to short-term financing (commercial papers) and to
other exposure to variable rates, Air Liquide Finance set up six
firm hedges for 2.450 million euros and 450 million US dollar.

The Group’s subsidiaries serve a large number of customers
(more than two million worldwide) located in extremely diverse
markets: chemicals, steel, refining, food, pharmaceuticals, metals,
automotive, manufacturing, healthcare, research laboratories,
electronics, etc. In 2025, the Group’s main customer represents
around 2% of revenue, the Group’s 10 main customers around
12% of sales, and the Group’s 50 main customers around 28% of
sales. The geographical risk is limited by the Group’s sustainable
coverage in 59 countries (1) on all continents. This diversity
reduces customer and market risk.

(in millions of euros)

All hedging instruments used for interest rate or foreign exchange
risk management purposes relate to identified risks and were set
up to comply with the Group’s financial policy. The effect on equity
primarily stems from the fixed-rate hedging instruments
contracted by the subsidiary Air Liquide Finance.

c) Counterparty risk
Counterparty risks for Air Liquide potentially include customers
and bank counterparties.

(1)

To better assess its exposure, the Group has implemented
procedures to regularly monitor the financial situation of its major
customers as well as a monthly reporting for the Group’s 150
main transnational customers in order to monitor the related
consolidated risk.

Excluding Russia, where the entities are no longer consolidated following the loss of control on September 1, 2022.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

245

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Moreover, customer risk assessment and in particular the quality
of the customer’s site is an important component of the investment
decision process.
Bank counterparty risk relates to the outstanding amounts of
deposits, current accounts, market values of derivatives and to the
credit lines contracted with each bank. Pursuant to its financial
policy, in the majority of cases, the Group requires a long-term
Moody’s “A2” rating from its counterparties to accept commitments
on financial instruments. The Group’s credit lines are also spread
among several banks from various geographical areas to avoid
the risk of concentration while complying with the same credit
rating requirements. The Operational Finance Committee regularly
reviews and approves the list of bank counterparties related to
investments and the list of financial instruments. With regards to
short-term investments, outstandings are subject to strict limits per
counterparty and are monitored daily.
IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement specifies that the valuation of
currency, interest rate and commodity hedging instruments must
take into account the counterparty credit risk attached to these
transactions. Considering the aforementioned counterparty
selection criteria, the effect on the periodic valuations, by applying
the secondary bonds spread method is immaterial.

d) Liquidity risk
It is Group financial policy to spread over time the maturity of
long-term debt in order to avoid concentration of annual
refinancing needs. Liquidity risk is also reduced by the stability of
cash flows generated from operations as well as by having
confirmed credit lines in place. The financial covenants attached
to the current financing arrangements described in note 24.7 do
not affect the Group’s access to liquidity.
The carrying nominal amount of short-term financing in the form of
commercial paper amounted to 533.2 million euros as of
December 31, 2025, an increase by 181 million euros compared
to the end of 2024. The average amount of commercial paper
amounted to 1.288 million euros in 2025, compared to
1,025 million euros in 2024.
The Group policy requires that commercial paper in issue be
backed by confirmed long-term credit lines. In 2025, this
requirement was met, with an amount of confirmed credit lines of
4,000 million euros largely exceeding maximum outstanding
commercial paper.

The table below presents the maturities of the bilateral and syndicated credit lines:
(in millions of euros)

Bilateral lines and syndicated credit lines

2026

2027

2028

2029

2030

2031

Total

80

—

770

—

3,150

—

4,000

In addition to bilateral lines and syndicated credits, in August
2025, Air Liquide signed a 3 billion euros bridge loan as part of the
DIG Airgas transaction; this loan was reduced by 2,15 billion
euros on November 5, 2025 following issuance of the acquisition
financing. Consequently, as of December 31, 2025, 850 million
euros remain available on this bridge loan.
When the Group makes short-term financial investments other
than bank deposits, it systematically favors monetary instruments
with a short-term maturity in order to limit the risk of non-liquidity
or high volatility.

246

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The following tables represent the future cash flows related to the
main balance sheet items and to the derivative financial
instruments recognized at the end of the last two periods. Interest
flows are calculated in accordance with IFRS 7 and represent the
interest payable for each relevant period. Interest flows related to
floating interest rate or foreign currency instruments were
calculated using the closing interest and exchange rates as of
December 31, 2024 and 2025. The flows related to debt
repayment obligations differ from the amounts recognized in the
Group’s balance sheet due to the accounting treatment applied to
borrowings and the exclusion of hedging instruments.

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

2025
(in millions of euros)

Cash Flow
Cash flow
Cash Flow
Book value as of
< 1 year
≥ 1 year and ≤ 5 years
> 5 year
December 31,
2025 Interest Capital refund Interest Capital refund Interest Capital refund

Derivative instruments
Assets
Fair value of derivatives (assets)

154.1

26.6

245.5

140.7

650.5

93.8

1,210.9

(225.6)

(40.9)

(340.7)

(180.2)

(607.5)

(111.1)

(1,207.6)

(14.3)

(95.2)

(39.5)

43.0

(17.3)

3.3

(726.7)

(4,771.8)

(726.7)

(4,771.8)

Liabilities
Fair value of derivatives (liabilities)
SUB-TOTAL
DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
Assets
Loans and other
non-current receivables

—

Trade receivables

2,866.5

Cash and cash equivalents

3,962.0

SUB-TOTAL ASSETS

2,866.5
14.7

3,947.3

14.7

6,813.8

—

Liabilities
Non-current borrowings
Other non-current liabilities

(10,030.0)

Trade payables

(3,004.1)

Current borrowings

(2,347.5)

SUB-TOTAL LIABILITIES

2024
(in millions of euros)

(187.8)

(701.4)

(630.7)

(5,220.2)
(630.7)

(3,004.1)
(55.9)

(2,261.7)

(243.7)

(5,265.8)

(701.4)

(5,850.9)

Cash Flow
Cash flow
Cash Flow
Book value as of
< 1 year
≥ 1 year and ≤ 5 years
> 5 year
December 31,
2024 Interest Capital refund Interest Capital refund Interest Capital refund

Derivative instruments
Assets
Fair value of derivatives (assets)

110.2

173.3

261.3

40.5

630.7

5.4

103.2

(106.6)

(178.1)

(257.4)

(66.9)

(628.6)

(5.9)

(98.3)

(4.8)

3.9

(26.4)

2.1

(0.5)

4.9

(549.3)

(4,199.9)

(549.3)

(4,199.9)

Liabilities
Fair value of derivatives (liabilities)
SUB-TOTAL
DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
Assets
Loans and other
non-current receivables

—

Trade receivables

2,996.7

Cash and cash equivalents

1,915.3

SUB-TOTAL ASSETS

2,996.7
7.3

1,908.0

7.3

4,904.7

—

Liabilities
Non-current borrowings
Other non-current liabilities

(8,403.1)

(149.6)

(495.2)

(642.8)

Trade payables

(3,319.0)

Current borrowings

(2,671.4)

SUB-TOTAL LIABILITIES

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

(4,168.5)
(642.8)

(3,319.0)
(55.4)

(2,463.9)

(205.0)

(5,782.9)

(495.2)

(4,811.3)

AIR LIQUIDE

247

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

e) Hierarchy of financial instruments fair value
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Level 1

46.6

0.5

Non-consolidated shares (listed shares)

46.6

0.5

Level 2

216.8

379.7

Derivative instruments

216.8

379.7

Level 3

54.5

41.0

Put options granted to minority shareholders

54.5

41.0

f) Commodity risk (energy contracts)
A portion of Air Liquide’s energy supplies, with limited volume
commitments, is obtained through forward purchase contracts, at
a fixed or indexed price.
IFRS 9 provides for the inclusion within its scope of forward
purchases and sales of non-financial assets as soon as these
transactions are deemed similar to derivative instruments.
However, IFRS 9 considers that forward contracts for nonfinancial assets should not be considered as derivatives when
they have been entered into to meet the Company’s “normal”
business requirements, resulting in the delivery upon maturity of
the underlying item for use in the Company’s industrial process.
As Air Liquide does not purchase electricity or natural gas for
speculation or arbitrage on commodity price trends purposes, no
forward contracts relating to energy meet the definition of a
derivative instrument. The contracts enter into as part of the
Company’s normal business to be used in the industrial process
and do not meet the definition of a derivative instrument.
Furthermore, in a global context of highly volatile electricity and
natural gas market prices, Air Liquide continues to index long-term
customer contracts to hedge these risks. For natural gas and
electricity prices, the opening of some markets led the Group,
under these circumstances, to replace the regulated tariffs by
local market indices.

248

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Nonetheless, a few contracts remain for which price indexation
alone cannot guarantee a total and effective hedge against the risk
of energy prices fluctuations. These risks are therefore hedged by
Air Liquide, particularly by Air Liquide Finance, using adequate
commodity derivatives, which are mainly swaps with maturities of
generally less than two years.
For contracts for the supply of industrial gas produced from
renewable energy, new risks to be taken into account (long-term
commitment, fixed price, intermittency, management of
environmental certificates, etc.) can lead the Group to make greater
use of appropriate hedging instruments. Furthermore, the Group
analyses the main characteristics of long-term renewable energy
purchase agreements (PPAs) as described in paragraph 13 of the
accounting policies in order to qualify them as purchase contracts
for own-use. Virtual renewable energy purchase agreements
(VPPAs) are derivative instruments that the Group designates in a
hedging relationship in accordance with the principles described in
paragraph 13 of the accounting policies.
The fair value recognition of these derivative instruments had no
material impact on Group equity or profits as of December 31, 2025.

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

25.2. INFORMATION ON DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS
The Group policy consists in using financial derivatives only when hedging actual financial flows. As a result, the majority of derivative
financial instruments used by the Group benefit from hedge accounting. Derivative instruments that do not benefit from hedge accounting
are not used for speculative purposes.
Impact of the fair value recognition of derivative instruments on the balance sheet:
Assets

Liabilities

Fair value of
derivatives
(assets)

2025

(in millions of euros)

IFRS
classification

Fair value of
derivatives
(liabilities)

Deferred
Assets
tax
Trade
- non Assets assets receivables current current

Total

Net income
recognized
in equity

(65.5)

Profit
for the
period Borrowings

Assets
Trade
- non
payables current

Assets current

Total

1.5

175.3

111.3

5.6

8.9

73.4

13.9

(0.2)

(1.2)

Foreign exchange risk
Forwards
hedging future
cash flows

CFH (a)

21.8

Currency
forwards hedging
transactions
recorded
in the accounts
and Cross
Currency Swaps

FVH (b)

0.2

Other derivatives

2.2

1.8

87.7

111.3

66.3

4.7

73.4

(0.5)

56.9

2.5

(c)

Interest rate risk
Interest rate
swaps
Swaps, options
and Cross
Currency Swaps

FVH (b)
CFH (a) and
NIH (d)

5.2

(6.4)

(1.2)

(14.9)

Commodity risk (Energy)
Forwards
hedging future
cash flows

CFH (a)

TOTAL
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)

5.2
32.4

2.2

61.7

92.4

5.2

(14.8)

(0.6)

188.7

(95.2)

(1.1)

56.9

2.5

11.8

8.8

5.2

32.8

192.8

188.7

CFH: Cash Flow Hedge.
FVH: Fair Value Hedge.
Derivative instruments not benefiting from hedge accounting.
NIH: Net Investment Hedge.
Assets

Liabilities

Fair value of
derivatives
(assets)

2024

(in millions of euros)

Assets
IFRS
Deferred
Trade
- non Assets classification tax assets receivables current current

Fair value of
derivatives
(liabilities)

Total

Net income Profit
recognized for the
in equity period Borrowings

Assets
Trade
- non Assets payables current current

Total

Foreign exchange risk
Forwards
hedging future
cash flows

CFH (a)

(0.6)

Currency forwards
hedging
transactions
recorded
in the accounts
and Cross
Currency Swaps

FVH (b)

0.5

Other derivatives

7.4

2.6

53.5

55.5

1.9

32.6

23.6

64.1

(2.3)

0.3

(0.8)

(3.3)

0.6

(1.9)

32.9

77.4

119.4

(3.3)

(1.5)

14.8

2.8

5.3

48.3

55.5

23.7

24.3

64.1

2.4

0.1

(0.8)

(c)

Interest rate risk
Interest rate
swaps
Swaps, options
and Cross
Currency Swaps

FVH (b)
CFH (a) and
NIH (d)

1.2

Commodity risk (Energy)
Forwards
hedging future
cash flows
TOTAL
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)

CFH (a)

0.6
1.7

7.4

(1.5)

14.8

2.8

(1.7)

4.2

0.6

29.7

76.9

119.4

CFH: Cash Flow Hedge.
FVH: Fair Value Hedge.
Derivative instruments not benefiting from hedge accounting.
NIH: Net Investment Hedge.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

249

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 26 Other liabilities (non-current/current)
26.1. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Investment grants

334.2

422.5

Advances and deposits received from customers

44.0

57.2

Other non-current liabilities

264.6

151.0

TOTAL OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

642.8

630.7

26.2. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Advances received

639.4

627.4

Deposits received from customers
Other payables
Accruals and deferred income
TOTAL OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

69.2

69.3

1,556.2

1,464.1

218.9

221.6

2,483.7

2,382.4

Amounts payable to customers under engineering & construction contracts in the Engineering & Technologies activity amount
to 205,1 million euros and are included in other current liabilities as of December 31, 2025 (184.3 million euros in 2024).
Other payables mainly include tax and employment-related liabilities.

Note 27 Trade payables
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Operating suppliers

2,799.3

2,518.4

Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets suppliers
TOTAL TRADE PAYABLES

519.7

485.7

3,319.0

3,004.1

A suppliers payment platform which aims at facilitating the payment process of suppliers trade payables has been set up in the United
States in 2020.The Group has analyzed the main features of the contract according to the principles described in paragraph 6.d of the
accounting principles and has concluded that the qualification of trade payables should not be challenged as the contract does not
constitute a reverse factoring contract.

Note 28 Related party disclosures
28.1. TRANSACTIONS WITH COMPANIES INCLUDED IN THE SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the Financial Statements of L’Air Liquide S.A. and all the subsidiaries listed on the main
consolidated companies following the note 32. L’Air Liquide S.A. is the ultimate parent company.
Due to the activities and legal organization of the Group, only executives, associates and joint ventures are considered to be related
parties to the Group. Transactions performed between these individuals or these companies and Group subsidiaries are not material.
Information related to associates and joint ventures is disclosed in note 14.

28.2. REMUNERATION ALLOCATED TO MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AND MANAGEMENT BODIES
The remuneration of Group executives includes the remuneration allocated to the Board of Directors and the Company’s management
bodies as compensation for their duties within the entire Group as employees and corporate officers for the respective fiscal years. The
Company’s management bodies include all the members of Executive Management and the Executive Committee. The amounts
expensed in this respect are as follows:
(in thousands of euros)

2024

2025

Short-term benefits

20,714

19,629

Post-employment benefits: retirement and non-competition clauses

2,403

2,033

Termination benefits paid in case of retirement

250

—

—

Share-based payments

9,017

8,569

TOTAL

32,134

30,231

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Short-term benefits

Post-employment benefits

Short-term benefits include fixed remuneration, variable
remuneration, benefits in kind and attendance fees. The entire
variable remuneration portion due for any given year is paid the
following year after the Financial Statements have been approved.

Post-employment benefits mainly include the contributions paid to
external pension funds. Retirement commitments amounted to
4,587 thousand euros in 2025 and 5,156 thousand euros in 2024.

The remuneration policy for members of the executive team takes
into account market practices. It includes a substantial variable
portion depending on the achievement of earnings and individual
performance objectives.

Share-based payments
Stock options and performance shares granted to Executive
Management and to the Executive Committee have the following
expiry dates and strike prices:

Strike price (a)
(in euros)

Number of rights
2024

Strike price (b)
(in euros)

Number of rights
2025

Year of Stock option Plan

Expiry date

2016 (November 29)
2017 (September 20)
2018 (September 25)

11/28/2026

62.86

5,397

62.86

983

09/19/2027

70.30

1,186

70.30

1,186

09/24/2028

79.76

995

79.76

995

(a) Adjusted for share capital increases by attributions of free shares (2022, 2019, 2017) and for the share capital increase in cash of October 11, 2016.
(b) 2024 data adjusted for the share capital increase by attribution of free shares in 2024.

Year of Performance
Shares Plan

Number of
rights 2024

Number of
rights 2025

2022 (September 29)
2023 (September 28)
2024 (September 25)

66,193

21,602

58,435

58,435

51,480

51,480

2025 (September 30)

—

65,283

The fair value of performance shares granted in 2025 is disclosed
in note 21. These amounts are expensed over the lock-in period
of the option and performance shares. The amounts that will be

recognized in future periods in respect of the granted stock
options and performance shares amount to 17,099 thousand
euros as of December 31, 2025 (15,759 thousand euros as of
December 31, 2024.
The 2025 plan performance shares granted to corporate officers
and Executive Committee members are definitely acquired
subject to the achievement of certain performance conditions.
No stock options or performance shares were granted to other
non-executive Directors under these plans.

Note 29 Commitments
29.1. DETAILED COMMITMENTS
Commitments are given in the normal course of the Group’s business.
2025

Firm purchase orders for fixed assets

2024
1,876.7

2,155.8

Other commitments related to operating activities (a)

6,533.1

5,678.8

Commitments relating to operating activities

8,409.8

7,834.6

340.9

2,017.3

8,750.7

9,851.9

(in millions of euros)

Commitments relating to financing operations and consolidation scope
TOTAL
(a) A contract contains an exit clause at the hands of Air Liquide which can be exercised until June 2027.

Commitments to purchase molecules as part of take-or-pay
contracts amounted to 4,353.8 million euros as of December 31,
2025 (5,235.9 as of December 31, 2024), and are reported in
other commitments related to operating activities. These amounts
include in particular Helium purchase commitments.
Air Liquide owns a 13.7% stake in Exeltium S.A.S. amounting to
24.5 million euros. On March 24, 2010, Exeltium and EDF entered
into an industrial partnership agreement under which Exeltium can
acquire rights on a portion of EDF’s electronuclear production. In
consideration, Exeltium and its shareholder clients signed longterm electricity supply contracts. This project was approved by the
European Commission. The contract signed by Air Liquide has a
20-year term and can be suspended by Air Liquide after 10 years.
This contract provides long-term visibility over the price of the
electricity to be supplied.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The Group’s energy purchase commitments amounted to
1,684.7 million euros as of December 31, 2025 (2,167.9 million
euros as of December 31, 2024). This amount includes the energy
purchase commitments relating to the Exeltium contract. Almost
all of these commitments are covered by mutual commitments
received from clients in connection with long-term gas supply
contracts. As a consequence, these commitments are not disclosed
in the table above.
The Group’s commitments relating to financing operations and
consolidation scope notably include 1,508 million euros related to
the purchase price for the acquisition of 100% of DIG Airgas
(cf. note 32).

AIR LIQUIDE

251

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

29.2. DETAILED COMMITMENTS LINKED TO POWER PURCHASE AGREEMENTS
In addition, as of December 31, 2025, the Group holds power purchase agreements (PPA), summarized below:

December 31, 2025
Europe, Middle East
and Africa

Number of
contracts

Start-up dates

Average
duration

Production (a)

(in GWh/year)

(in millions of
euros)

2,604.3

(in years)

Amount (b)

17

2021-2027

15

2,678.6

Americas

8

2021-2027

11

761.8

139.7

Asia Pacific

8

2022-2026

6

2,328.5

259.7

TOTAL PPAs

33

5,769.0

3,003.7

(a) Estimated annual production volume on the date of signature of the contract (full year amount after the start-up of the renewable production units).
(b) Remaining commitment over the residual term of the contract..

The Group's PPA commitments are notably impacted by the exercise of exit clauses on contracts in Europe, Middle East and Africa,
the start-ups of the year, as well as by new contracts signed in Europe, Middle East and Africa, Americas and Asia Pacific.

December 31, 2024
Europe, Middle East
and Africa

Number of
contracts

Start-up dates

Average
duration
(in years)

Production

(in GWh/year)

(in millions of
euros)

3,014.8

Amount

16

2021-2026

15

2,977.6

Americas

7

2021-2024

11

621.8

102.4

Asia Pacific

7

2022-2025

6

2,231.5

474.7

TOTAL PPAs

30

5,831.0

3,591.9

Note 30 Contingent liabilities
To the best of the Group’s knowledge, there is no exceptional event or litigation which has affected in the recent past or which is likely
to materially affect its financial situation or profitability.

Note 31 Climate risks consideration (1)
31.1. BUSINESS MODEL
Air Liquide supplies gas and energy solutions to its customers in
the metals, chemicals, refining and energy industries, which are
essential for their own core businesses, to improve process
efficiency and to make their plants more environmentally friendly.
Air Liquide’s business model is based on the outsourcing of the
industrial gas needs of its customers who often emit greenhouse
gases themselves, in particular in the metals, chemicals and
refining industries. This outsourcing is justified by Air Liquide’s
expertise providing them with access to cutting-edge
technologies, optimized energy consumption of production tools,
while ensuring long-term supply reliability. However, it leads to the
transfer of a portion of the customer’s greenhouse gas emissions
to the Group.
Industrial gases are used in most industries today and they will be
even more so during the energy transition due to the fact they are
at the heart of industry decarbonization solutions. Indeed, these
production units also provide essential products for industry and

(1)

252

health, in particular to reduce emissions and energy and resource
consumption of the Group’s customers. In a scenario of limiting
global warming to the level targeted by the Paris Agreement (at a
level well below 2 °C, and by pursuing the efforts aiming at limiting
at a level of 1.5 °C compared to the pre-industrial level), demand
will increasingly turn to low-carbon gases, in function of regulatory
evolutions and market demand.
For the Large Industries activity, which bears most of the assets
described below, the supply of gas is contracted for a duration of
15 years or more. The assets are depreciated over the term of the
contract, which significantly reduces the risk of impairment. Within
these contracts, the Group guarantees long-term service
continuity and a high level of reliability with respect to the gas
supply via a high-performing industrial solution. In return, longterm gas supply contracts include guaranteed minimum volumes
through take-or-pay clauses, as well as the indexation to variable
costs (mainly electricity and natural gas), including any CO2 cost
(for example ETS schema in Europe), and to inflation.

ESRS 2 SBM-3 §48 (d).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Financial Statements

31.2. GROUP’S ASSETS AND CO₂ EMISSIONS
The main Group assets that impact the CO2 balance are:
■ Air Separation Units (ASUs), oxygen and nitrogen in particular,
which do not use any combustion processes, and therefore do
not emit CO2 directly. These units use air as their only raw
material, while the energy required to separate the air is
consumed almost in the form of electricity. Electricity used by the
Group to power these units generates CO2 emissions, known as
indirect emissions or Scope 2. In this case, the CO2 emissions
reductions can be done mostly through renewable and lowcarbon electricity purchases and industrial efficiency projects;
■ hydrogen production units by steam reforming, which generate
CO2 emissions from natural gas consumption; these emissions
are classified as direct emissions (Scope 1). Several levers for
reducing CO2 emissions are possible for these assets: first,
carbon capture and storage (Carbon Capture and Storage –
CCS), using technologies owned by the Group, but also the
use of biomethane. In addition, the Group is developing the
use of low-carbon ammonia, which will also help to reduce the
emissions of these units;
■ steam and electricity production units (cogeneration plants),
which generate CO2 emissions from the consumption of
natural gas; these emissions are classified as direct emissions
(Scope 1). Several levers for reducing CO2 emissions are
possible for these assets, in particular making the plants more
flexible with the use of boilers powered by electricity and lowcarbon alternative fuels.
Air Liquide carries out an inventory of its greenhouse gas
emissions, which are reported in different categories based on
recognized standards such as the greenhouse gas (GHG)
Protocol.
Thus, in 2025, the Group’s direct reported emissions (Scope 1)
and indirect reported emissions (Scope 2) amount respectively to
14.6 million tonnes and 19.6 million tonnes in CO2-equivalent.

31.3. GROUP’S CLIMATE OBJECTIVES
Air Liquide recognizes the climate urgency. The Group intends to
participate in the implementation of the Paris Agreement, which
defines a global framework aimed at limiting global warming to
well below 2 °C above pre-industrial levels and pursuing efforts to
limit it to 1.5 °C.
In this regard, the Group is committed to achieving carbon
neutrality by 2050. Air Liquide’s trajectory includes two major
intermediate steps:
■ to start reducing its absolute CO2 emissions around 2025,
which was achieved;
■ to reach a -33% decrease of its Scope 1 and Scope 2
emissions by 2035 compared to a 2020 baseline (1).
The Group also maintained its objective set in 2018 to reduce by
-30% its carbon intensity in 2025 compared to 2015 (2). This
objective has been largely surpassed with a decrease in carbon
intensity of -46% in 2025 compared to 2015.

(1)

(2)

31.4. TRANSITION RISK –
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS
The main climate risk identified by the Group at the end of 2025
relates to greenhouse gas emissions.
The climate transition risk (greenhouse gas emissions) is closely
linked to the need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions,
particularly through the implementation by public authorities of
binding greenhouse gas emission reduction policies such as, for
example, the introduction of a carbon price or more stringent
product regulations, that may impact:
■ either the Group’s plants (direct impact on the operational
scope), resulting in increased production costs and the need
for new investments;
■ or those of its suppliers, resulting in suppliers price increases;
■ or those of its customers (indirect impact on the value chain),
impacting for instance their market, processes and industrial
gases needs.
Air Liquide’s main production units can be competitively
decarbonized in a 1.5 °C transition scenario. This requires the
rollout of infrastructure, in particular energy, provided for by these
scenarios (electricity networks, massive availability of renewable
energy in particular, access to carbon storage sinks), as well as
the necessary evolution of regulatory and political frameworks,
supporting the emergence of new low-carbon value chains.
The Group’s Scopes 1 and 2 CO2 emissions come from a limited
number of assets and countries. Indeed, for the baseline (2020),
60% of direct Scope 1 emissions come from less than 15
production units and 80% of indirect Scope 2 emissions related to
electricity consumption come from six countries. Emission
reduction targets therefore require the activation of a few carefully
identified levers, which are closely linked to global actions to
mitigate climate change.

The following governance and actions
have been implemented to limit the risk
on the Group’s assets:
■ for all new major primary production projects, across all
geographies, even those where there is currently no CO2
price, Air Liquide integrates carbon price sensitivity analyses
into its investment decision process. These analyses aim to
assess the project’s viability and resilience, taking into account
the customer’s activities. As a reminder, the cost of CO2 is
contractually passed-through to the customer, thereby
significantly reducing the risk of impairment of the related
assets. These sensitivity analyses are based on two different
scenarios involving distinct carbon price trajectories. First, a
viability analysis is performed taking into account the
commitments announced by the country where the project is
located, relying on government communications or on the most
recent available “Announced Pledges” or “Stated Policies”
scenarios of the International Energy Agency. On a case-bycase basis, a resilience assessment under a “1.5 °C” scenario
is carried out, relying on the price trajectories, differentiated by
geography, of the International Energy Agency’s “Net Zero
Emissions by 2050” scenario;

In tonnes of CO2-equivalent for Scopes 1 and 2, in a “market-based” methodology, restated, from 2020 and each subsequent year, to include the emissions
of the assets for the full year, taking into account (upwards and downwards) changes in scope having a significant impact on CO2 emissions.
In kg CO2-equivalent/euro of operating income recurring before depreciation and amortization and excluding IFRS 16 at 2015 exchange rates
on Scopes 1 and 2 of greenhouse gas emissions in a “market-based” methodology.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

253

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

■ whenever annual Scope 1 and 2 emissions for the associated
investment, or the customer’s annual emissions, exceed
specific thresholds, the investment must be presented
beforehand to the Group Energy & Emissions Risk
Management Committee (“E-Enrisk”); the results are then
transmitted to the relevant Resources and Investment
Committee (“RIC”);
■ in cases where the public carbon price exceeds a certain cap,
contracts with some customers contemplate additional
investment to decarbonize the facility (for example by using
carbon capture and storage solutions – CCS), resulting in
corresponding additional revenue for the Group;
■ the Group’s electricity procurement initiatives have been
reinforced, in particular the procurement of renewable or lowcarbon electricity, in order to reduce the Scope 2 emissions
(see note 29.2);
■ the Group’s exposure to emissions is managed centrally via an
annual carbon budget. This budget is allocated to the various
regions and revised annually, in line with climate objectives.
The monitoring of actual performance is integrated into the
Group’s operational performance review process, with an
analysis carried out by Group Operations Control on a semiannual basis. The Environment and Society Committee of the
Board of Directors meets three times a year, and at least one
joint session with the Audit and Accounts Committee is
organized. The trajectory of climate objectives, as well as
associated risks, are reviewed during these sessions. The
achievement of climate objectives is part of the criteria for the
Long Term Incentive plans for the CEO and for more than
2,000 beneficiaries.

Air Liquide’s actions to limit transition risk
impacts include:
Scope 2 reduction:
■ related to the large air gas production units or ASUs, mainly by
using renewable electricity. Since 2018, Air Liquide has already
signed 33 long-term renewable energy supply contracts (PPA)
for an estimated annual quantity of 5,769 GWh/y (in a full year
after start-up of renewable production units), as well as a Virtual
Power Purchase Agreement (VPPA).
As the ASUs are almost all electrified, they do not require any
significant specific investment for the transition, because emission
reduction will be managed by the purchase of renewable energy
depending on access to these sources (see note 29.2). For the
few steam-driven air gas production assets, the Group has
started their electrification, which will allow them to be completely
decarbonized via the supply of renewable electricity;
■ energy costs, including renewable energy costs do not
represent a significant financial risk as they are reflected in
the prices charged to customers according to the terms of the
15 years or more contracts.

254

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Scope 1 reduction:
■ related to the large hydrogen production units, by mobilizing
various levers, in particular by capturing CO2. Air Liquide
masters a complete portfolio of proprietary technologies for
capturing CO2. For example, an advanced Cryocap™ system
has been in industrial operation since 2015 on a hydrogen
production unit in France and a carbon capture unit is under
construction on the Group’s largest hydrogen production unit in
Europe. For cogeneration units, Air Liquide seeks to make them
more flexible with the use of boilers powered by electricity and
low-carbon alternative fuels. The future of these assets and
their emission trajectory is analyzed in the decarbonization
plans developed for each cluster (group of countries), taking
into account technology, unit capacity, products, customers
served, and the decarbonization policies of the countries and
sectors served. The most suitable reduction levers are
identified and give rise to targeted studies and, in the most
advanced cases, the development and implementation of
reduction projects, such as CO2 capture projects;
■ the innovation capacity and technological know-how of
Air Liquide’s teams enable the Group to offer cleaner and
more sustainable solutions to reduce its own emissions and
those of its industrial customers. The Group focuses on
technologies for climate solutions and energy transition. In
2025, Air Liquide held more than 500 patent families related to
hydrogen and approximately 550 international patent families
related to CO2 capture and storage. Group Innovation
expenses amounted to 301 million euros in 2025;
■ in a scenario of limiting global warming to a level significantly
below 2 °C compared to the pre-industrial level, the demand
for low-carbon industrial gas at a higher price is growing and
makes it possible to remunerate the Group’s investment in
low-carbon assets, in particular for the production of hydrogen,
as well as any additional costs linked to the supply of
renewable electricity. In addition, financing programs in the
form of subsidies or tax credits are also implemented, in
particular in Europe, in order to support, during a transition
period, the decarbonization of existing industrial assets and
new units of production. For example, the Group has recently
been selected to receive a grant of 110 million euros from the
European Innovation Fund for its project to build and operate a
large-scale Ammonia cracking plant in the port of AntwerpBruges (Belgium), as well as an innovative hydrogen liquefier;
■ costs related to CO2 emissions (ex ETS scheme in Europe)
are passed-through to the customers according to the terms
of the long-term contracts (15 years or more). The Group also
applies this business model to the supply of low carbon
industrial gas, therefore Air Liquide does not bear
significant risks associated with CO2 costs.
At the end of 2025, no significant impact has been identified,
either on the useful life or on the value of the assets, on the
client portfolio or on the cash flows generated by existing
activities or on provisions for risks and charges.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Financial Statements

31.5. PHYSICAL RISKS
Air Liquide operates in certain regions of the world exposed to
changes (in severity or frequency) in exceptional meteorological
phenomena due to climate change. These phenomena can slow
down or interrupt the Group’s operations or make them more
expensive. Its suppliers and customers are also confronted with
this same issue.
These can be broken down into:
■ acute risks triggered by events such as natural disasters, the
frequency and severity of which are increasing: storms,
hurricanes, flooding, etc. These risks may relate to Air Liquide
sites located near the coast for example, or in regions affected
by hurricanes (the U.S. Gulf Coast, South Asia, etc.);
■ chronic risks related to more long-term changes in climate
models and rising temperatures: rising sea levels, chronic heat
waves in certain regions, changes in rainfall patterns and an
increase in their variability, the disappearance of certain
resources, etc.
Air Liquide’s actions to limit physical impacts include:
■ physical risks (water availability, frequency of extreme events,
etc.) are appraised during the review of investment requests,
in the same way as financial criteria, to ensure that the
associated risk management measures are adapted, for
example in the design of equipment;
■ Group operations which are regularly exposed to the acute risks
described above have risk management systems in place

aimed at adopting suitable preventive operational measures,
and at managing these crises by, first and foremost, protecting
individuals and the production facilities in close cooperation with
customers. These systems are regularly updated and improved;
■ chronic risks are taken into account, in particular in the design
of production units, in the same way as their energy efficiency
or carbon footprint;
■ losses caused by natural disasters are covered by the Group
property and business interruption program;
■ in 2023, Air Liquide carried out a study to identify the perils
linked to the physical impacts of climate change according to
two high-emission scenarios (SSP2-4.5 used as “business as
usual” leading to +2.7 °C by 2100 and the SSP5-8.5 scenario
or “worst case scenario” leading to +4.4 °C by 2100) and to
consolidate and improve the physical risk management
process. Works continue to refine the understanding and
reinforce awareness of the issues, exposure, vulnerability and
adaptation actions at the level of the Group’s different types of
assets, with a refocusing on the main industrial basins.
At the end of 2025, no significant impact has been identified,
either on the useful life or on the value of the assets, on the
client portfolio or on the cash flows generated by existing
activities or on provisions for risks and charges.
To be noted for both transition risks and physical risks, there is no
impact on the dismantling and restoration obligations, as this is an
obligation provisioned from the date of the Large Industries
contract signature.

Note 32 Events after the reporting period
ACQUISITION OF DIG AIRGAS
On August 22, 2025, the Group announced the signing of an
agreement with Macquarie Asia-Pacific Infrastructure Fund 2 for
the acquisition of the South Korean company DIG Airgas.
Founded in 1979, DIG Airgas is a major player in the industrial
gas sector in South Korea, with nearly 550 employees, 60
production units, and 220 kilometers of pipeline networks. Its
highly diversified portfolio of activities includes operations in all
major industrial basins, supplying industrial gases essential to key
customers in various sectors, notably major players in Electronics
and Korean industrial leaders. DIG Airgas has diversified its
customer base by developing into new, fast-growing sectors, such
as semiconductors and secondary batteries.
On December 18, 2025, the South Korean Fair Trade
Commission authorized the acquisition of DIG Airgas by
Air Liquide. On December 9, 2025, the South Korean Ministry of
Trade, Industry and Energy also authorized the acquisition of DIG
Airgas by Air Liquide as part of the validation of foreign
investments in South Korea. These two authorizations constituted
the last regulatory conditions required for the finalization of the
acquisition project. Thus, the transaction, subject to customary
closing conditions, was completed on January 13, 2026.
Air Liquide then acquired 100% of the shares of Divine Korea
Holdings Co., Ltd., which indirectly holds DIG Airgas, for a total
amount of 5,044 billion South Korean won, equivalent to 3.0 billion
euros. This amount comprises a purchase price of 2,560 billion
won and an assumed net debt of 2,484 billion won.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The combination of Air Liquide and DIG Airgas enables the
association of highly complementary activities and strengthens
Air Liquide’s position in the south-Korean economy, which is
particularly dynamic and innovative.
The acquisition was financed primarily through a multi-tranche bond
issuance totaling 2.15 billion euros, carried out in November 2025
under the Group’s Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) program. This
issuance, bearing a weighted average interest rate below 3.00% per
annum, has maturities of 2 years, 4 years, 7.5 years, and 12 years.
This funding was supplemented in January 2026 by a local bank
loan of 800 billion won, equivalent to 471 million euros, with a 5-year
maturity and a floating interest rate. The balance of the transaction
was funded using available cash and commercial paper. Information
relating to the financing of the acquisition and the management of
financial risks is presented in notes 24 and 25, respectively.

Goodwill at the acquisition date
The acquisition of DIG Airgas is accounted for as a business
combination in accordance with the revised IFRS 3 standard.
The finalization of the acquisition in January 2026 has no impact
on the balance sheet or the income statement for the financial
year ended December 31, 2025 other than those related to the
financing of the acquisition. The Group is pursuing the
identification and valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed, with the support of an independent expert. The Group
will complete the determination of the fair value of the assets
acquired, the liabilities assumed, as well as the analysis of the
residual goodwill within twelve months following the acquisition
date, in accordance with revised IFRS 3.

AIR LIQUIDE

255

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Goodwill is not tax deductible in accordance with South Korean tax rules.
(in millions of euros)

As at December 31, 2025

Intangible assets

6.2

Tangible assets

570.8

Other non-current assets

120.6

Current assets

182.9

Acquired assets

880.5

Non-current borrowings

1,419.2

Other non-current liabilities and deferred tax liabilities

26.3

Current borrowings

96.3

Current liabilities

*

93.6

Assumed liabilities

1,635.4

Net assets of DIG Airgas at the acquisition date

(754.9)

Share of acquired equity of DIG Airgas

100 %

Consideration transferred for the acquisition of 100% of DIG Airgas

1,508.1

Provisional goodwill*

2,263.0

before determination of the fair value of assets and liabilities at the acquisition date.

Foreign exchange rates and main consolidated companies
FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATES
Main foreign exchange rates used
Average rates
Euros for 1 currency

2024

2025

CAD

0.67

0.63

CNY

0.13

0.12

JPY (1,000)

6.11

5.93

SGD

0.69

0.68

TWD

0.03

0.03

USD

0.92

0.89

Euros for 1 currency

2024

2025

CAD

0.67

0.62

CNY

0.13

0.12

JPY (1,000)

6.13

5.43

SGD

0.71

0.66

TWD

0.03

0.03

USD

0.96

0.85

Closing rates

256

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

MAIN CONSOLIDATED COMPANIES
Companies marked with JO are consolidated by joint operation and those marked with E by the equity method. Other companies are fully
consolidated.
The total Group interest is given after the name of each company.
Main consolidated companies

Country

Integration

% interest

GAS AND SERVICES
EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA

Main consolidated companies

Country

Air Liquide Healthcare Ireland
Limited

Integration

% interest

IRL

Air Liquide Munay Tech Gases

KAZ

75.00%

L'Air Liquide Luxembourg S.A.

LUX

100.00%

Air Liquide Acetylene B.V.

NLD

100.00%

Air Liquide B.V.

NLD

100.00%

Vitalaire Nederland BV

NLD

100.00%

Air Liquide Industrie B.V.

NLD

100.00%

Air Liquide Nederland B.V.

NLD

100.00%

Scott Specialty Gases Netherlands
B.V.

NLD

100.00%

Handelsonderneming Hatek B.V.

NLD

100.00%

Air Liquide Norway A.S.

NOR

100.00%

BetaMed S.A.

POL

100.00%

POL

79.25%

100.00%

Air Liquide Austria GmbH

AUT

100.00%

L'Air Liquide Belge S.A.

BEL

100.00%

Air Liquide Homecare Belgium SRL

BEL

100.00%

Air Liquide Industries Belgium S.A.

BEL

100.00%

Air Liquide Large Industry S.A.

BEL

100.00%

Air Liquide Medical S.A.

BEL

100.00%

Société Européenne de Gestion de
l'Energie

BEL

100.00%

Air Liquide Bulgaria EOOD

BGR

100.00%

Carbagas AG

CHE

100.00%

Air Liquide Deutschland GmbH

DEU

100.00%

Air Liquide Electronics GmbH

DEU

100.00%

Air Liquide Industriegase GmbH &
Co. KG

DEU

100.00%

ALKAT Spółka z ograniczoną
odpowiedzialnością

VitalAire GmbH

DEU

100.00%

Air Liquide Polska Sp.z.o.o.

POL

100.00%

AP-Sachsen GmbH

DEU

100.00%

Air Liquide Medicinal S.A.

PRT

99.85%

IntensivLeben GmbH Außerklinisches Beatmungs- und
Weaningzentrum

DEU

100.00%

Sociedade Portuguesa do Ar Liquido
Lda

PRT

99.93%

Air Liquide Romania S.r.l

ROM

100.00%

Careberlin24 Pflegedienst GmbH

DEU

100.00%

Air Liquide Gas A.B.

SWE

100.00%

Carebrandenburg24 Pflegedienst
GmbH

DEU

100.00%

NordicInfu Care A.B

SWE

100.00%

Air Liquide Danmark A/S

DNK

100.00%

Air Liquide Gaz San. Ve Tic. A.S.

TUR

100.00%

Air Liquide España S.A.

ESP

99.90%

Air Liquide Afrique S.A.

FRA

100.00%

Air Liquide Ibérica de Gases S.L.U.

ESP

100.00%

Air Liquide Middle East and North
Africa L.L.C-FZ

ARE

100.00%

Air Liquide Healthcare España,
S.L.U.

ESP

100.00%

Air Liquide Gulf FZE

Air Liquide Finland Oy.

FIN

100.00%

Air Liquide Eastern Europe S.A.

FRA

100.00%

Air Liquide France Industrie S.A

FRA

100.00%

Air Liquide Medical Systems S.A.

FRA

Air Liquide Réunion S.A.
Air Liquide Santé (International) S.A.
Air Liquide Santé France S.A.

ARE

100.00%

Air Liquide Botswana Proprietary Ltd. BWA

99.98%

Air Liquide Alexandria for Medical &
Industrial Gases S.A.E.

EGY

100.00%

100.00%

Air Liquide El Soukhna for Industrial
Gases S.A.E.

EGY

100.00%

FRA

98.55%

Air Liquide Misr S.A.E.

EGY

100.00%

FRA

100.00%

Air Liquide Middle East S.A.

FRA

100.00%

FRA

100.00%

Air Liquide India Holding Pvt. Ltd.

IND

100.00%

100.00%

Air Liquide India Speciality Gases
Pvt. Ltd.

IND

100.00%

Air Liquide Santé Domicile France
S.A.

FRA

Air Liquide Spatial Guyane S.A.

FRA

99.07%

Novaair Technologies Private Limited IND

100.00%

Air Liquide Ukraine S.A.

FRA

100.00%

Novaair Private Limited

IND

100.00%

Pharma Dom S.A.

FRA

100.00%

Société d’Exploitation de Produits
pour les Industries Chimiques S.A.

KWT

49.81%

FRA

99.99%

Shuaiba Oxygen Company
K.S.C.C. ⁽ª⁾
Air Liquide Maroc S.A.

MAR

98.93%

Air Liquide Antilles Guyane

FRA

96.97%

Air Liquide Namibia Proprietary Ltd.

NAM

100.00%

VitalAire S.A.

FRA

100.00%

Air Liquide Ltd.

GBR

100.00%

Air Liquide Sohar Industrial Gases
LLC

OMN

50.10%

Air Liquide Healthcare Limited

GBR

100.00%

Gasal Q.S.C.

QAT

Air Liquide UK Ltd.

GBR

100.00%

Vitalaire Arabia LLC.

SAU

60.00%

Energas Ltd.

GBR

100.00%

Air Liquide Arabia LLC

SAU

100.00%

Air Liquide Italia S.p.A.

ITA

99.87%

Air Liquide Tunisie S.A.

TUN

59.17%

Air Liquide Italia Gas e Servizi S.r.l.

ITA

99.87%

Air Liquide Large Industries (Pty) Ltd. ZAF

100.00%

Medicasa Italia S.p.A.

ITA

99.87%

75.00%

ITA

99.87%

Air Liquide Large Industries South
Africa (Pty) Ltd.

ZAF

VitalAire Italia S.p.A.
Supra Cali S.R.L

ITA

50.93%

Air Liquide Proprietary Ltd.

ZAF

99.98%

E

40.00%

(a) Consolidation method differs from percentage of shares due to a contractual agreement.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

257

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Main consolidated companies

Country Integration

% interest

Main consolidated companies

Country Integration

Air Liquide Singapore Pte Ltd.

SGP

100.00%

100.00%

Air Liquide Thailand Ltd.

THA

100.00%

Air Liquide Electronics Systems Asia
Ltd.

TWN

100.00%

Air Liquide Far Eastern Ltd.

TWN

65.00%

Air Liquide Vietnam Co., Ltd.

VNM

100.00%

AMERICAS

Air Liquide Argentina S.A.

ARG

Air Liquide Brasil Ltda.

BRA

100.00%

Air Liquide Canada, Inc.

CAN

100.00%

Air Liquide Home Healthcare Canada
Inc.

CAN

100.00%

% interest

Air Liquide Chile S.A.

CHL

100.00%

ENGINEERING & TECHNOLOGIES

Air Liquide Colombia S.A.S.

COL

100.00%

Air Liquide Dominicana S.A.S.

DOM

100.00%

Air Liquide Global E&C Solutions
Canada LP

CAN

100.00%

La Oxigena Paraguaya S.A.

PRY

87.96%

Air Liquide Uruguay S.A.

URY

97.10%

Air Liquide Global E&C Solutions
Hangzhou Co., Ltd.

CHN

100.00%

Airgas USA, LLC

USA

100.00%

CHN

100.00%

Airgas Specialty Products

USA

100.00%

Air Liquide Global E&C Solutions
(Yantai) Co., Ltd.

Red-D-Arc, Inc.

USA

100.00%

DEU

100.00%

Airgas Safety, Inc.

USA

100.00%

Air Liquide Global E&C Solutions
Germany GmbH

Air Liquide Electronics U.S. LP

USA

100.00%

Air Liquide Global E&C Solutions
France S.A.

FRA

100.00%

Air Liquide Global E&C Solutions
Japan Ltd.

JPN

100.00%

JJ-Lurgi Engineering Sdn. Bhd.

MYS

Air Liquide Global E&C Solutions
Singapore Pte. Ltd.

SGP

100.00%

Air Liquide Global E&C Solutions US,
Inc.

USA

100.00%

Air Liquide Advanced Technologies
US LLC

USA

100.00%

Air Liquide Large Industries U.S. LP

USA

100.00%

Air Liquide Advanced Materials, Inc.

USA

100.00%

Air Liquide Australia Ltd.

AUS

100.00%

Air Liquide Healthcare Pty Limited

AUS

100.00%

Air Liquide W.A. Pty Ltd.

AUS

100.00%

Brunei Oxygen SDN (a)

BHD

50.00%

Air Liquide Cangzhou Co., Ltd.

CHN

100.00%

ASIA PACIFIC

E

50.00%

Air Liquide China Holding Co., Ltd.

CHN

100.00%

Alizent France S.A.

FRA

100.00%

Air Liquide Shanghai Co., Ltd.

CHN

100.00%

Air Liquide Shanghai International
Trading Co. Ltd.

FRA

100.00%

CHN

100.00%

Air Liquide Advanced Technologies
S.A.
Cryolor S.A.

FRA

100.00%

Air Liquide Tianjin Co., Ltd.

CHN

100.00%

Air Liquide Electronics Systems S.A.

FRA

100.00%

Air Liquide Yongli Tianjin Co., Ltd.

CHN

55.00%

FerdinandsGas Sverige AB

SWE

100.00%

Air Liquide Zhangjiagang Industrial
Gases Co., Ltd.

CHN

100.00%

Air Liquide Maritime SAS

FRA

100.00%

Shanghai Chemical Industry Park
Industrial Gases Co., Ltd.

The Hydrogen Company

FRA

100.00%

CHN

51.00%

Offshore Hire and Services

GBR

100.00%

HOLDING COMPANIES AND R&D ACTIVITIES

Hangzhou Best Gas Co., Ltd.

CHN

100.00%

Société d'Oxygène et d'Acétylène
d'Extrême-Orient S.A.

Air Liquide Finance S.A.

FRA

100.00%

FRA

100.00%

Air Liquide International S.A.

FRA

100.00%

Celki International Ltd.

HKG

100.00%

L'Air Liquide S.A.

FRA

100.00%

P.T. Air Liquide Indonesia

IDN

100.00%

Orsay-Re S.A.

LUX

100.00%

Air Liquide International Corp.

USA

100.00%

American Air Liquide, Inc.

USA

100.00%

American Air Liquide Holdings, Inc

USA

100.00%

Air Liquide Japan G.K.

JPN

100.00%

Toshiba Nano Analysis K.K.

JPN

51.00%

Air Liquide Korea Co., Ltd.

KOR

100.00%

VitalAire Korea Inc.

KOR

100.00%

Southern Industrial Gas Sdn Bhd

MYS

100.00%

Air Liquide Malaysia Sdn Bhd

MYS

100.00%

Air Liquide New Zealand Ltd.

NZL

100.00%

Air Liquide Phils Inc.

PHL

100.00%

(a) Consolidation method differs from percentage of shares due to a
contractual agreement.

The extended list of consolidated companies is available on:
https://www.airliquide.com/consolidation-scope-2025

258

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Statutory Auditors’ offices and fees
STATUTORY AUDITORS’ OFFICES
KPMG S.A.

PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit

Principal Statutory Auditor

Principal Statutory Auditor

KPMG S.A. is represented by
Valérie Besson and Laurent Genin
Tour Eqho – 2, avenue Gambetta – CS60055
92066 Paris-La Défense

PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit is represented by
Olivier Lotz and Cédric Le Gal
63, rue de Villiers
92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

259

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

STATUTORY AUDITORS’ FEES

(in thousands of euros)

KPMG S.A.

Audit, certification, review of individual
and consolidated financial statements

5,623

■ Issuer
■ Fully consolidated subsidiaries
Services required by law
Total of certification missions and services
required by law

92.9%

718

2025
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Audit

7,993

94.6%

949

4,905

Others

Total

186 100.0% 13,802
—

7,044

93.9%

1,667

186

12,135

—

0.0%

17

0.2%

—

0.0%

17

0.1%
94.1%

5,623

92.9%

8,010

94.8%

186 100.0% 13,819

Other services (a)

433

7.1%

439

5.2%

—

—%

872

5.9%

Total of non-audit services

433

7.1%

439

5.2%

—

—%

872

5.9%

6,056

100%

8,449

100%

186

100% 14,691

100%

—

1,050

TOTAL
Sustainability statement certification

420

630

(a) The other services cover services provided at the request of Air Liquide and its subsidiaries including in particular non-mandatory financial statement audits, tax
compliance reviews, agreed-upon procedures and various attestations.

(in thousands of euros)

KPMG S.A.

Audit, certification, review of individual
and consolidated financial statements

5,704

■ Issuer
■ Fully consolidated subsidiaries
Services required by law
Total of certification missions and services
required by law

7,896

95.2%

972

5,053

6,924

Others

Total

403

96.4% 14,003

—

1,623

403

95.2%

12,380

41

0.7%

52

0.6%

—

0.0%

93

0.6%

5,745

95.7%

7,948

95.8%

403

96.4% 14,096

95.8%

Other services

257

4.3%

347

4.2%

15

3.6%

619

4.2%

Total of non-audit services

257

4.3%

347

4.2%

15

3.6%

619

4.2%

6,002

100%

8,295

100%

418

100% 14,715

100%

—

1,150

TOTAL
Sustainability statement certification

260

95.0%

651

2024
PricewaterhouseCoopers
Audit

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

460

690

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Financial Statements

Statutory Auditors’ report on the Consolidated
Financial Statements
This is a translation into English of the Statutory Auditors’ report on the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company issued in
French and it is provided solely for the convenience of English speaking users. This Statutory Auditors’ report includes information
required by European regulation and French law, such as information about the appointment of the Statutory Auditors or verification of
the information concerning the Group presented in the Management Report and other documents provided to Shareholders.
This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional auditing standards
applicable in France.
To the Annual General Meeting,

OPINION
In compliance with the engagement entrusted to us by your Annual General Meeting, we have audited the accompanying consolidated
financial statements of L’Air Liquide (“the Group”) for the year ended December 31, 2025.
In our opinion, the Consolidated Financial Statements give a true and fair view of the assets and liabilities and of the financial position of
the Group as at December 31, 2025 and of the results of its operations for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union.
The audit opinion expressed above is consistent with our report to the Audit and Accounts Committee.

BASIS FOR OPINION
Audit Framework
We conducted our audit in accordance with professional standards applicable in France. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Statutory Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

Independence
We conducted our audit engagement in compliance with independence requirements of the French Commercial Code (Code de
commerce) and the French Code of Ethics (Code de déontologie) for statutory auditors, for the period from January 1, 2025 to the date of
our report and specifically we did not provide any prohibited non-audit services referred to in article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) No 537/2014.

JUSTIFICATION OF ASSESSMENTS – KEY AUDIT MATTERS
In accordance with the requirements of articles L. 821-53 and R.821-180 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) relating
to the justification of our assessments, we inform you of the key audit matters relating to risks of material misstatement that, in our
professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period, as well as
how we addressed those risks.
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on specific items of the consolidated financial statements.

Large Industries activity: qualification of the contracts and related revenue recognition method
Risk identified
The gas supply of the Large Industries activity is based on long term contracts with a limited number of customers and requires
significant industrial investments.
As described in note “3.a. Revenue recognition – Gas & Services” of the accounting principles section of the consolidated financial
statements, these investments are usually made to share production capacity with the other business lines of the Group, particularly the
Industrial Merchant business or to serve customers connected to pipelines in an industrial region. In such cases, Group management
considers that those assets are not identified as defined in the standard IFRS 16 “Leases”.
When assets used for the long term supply agreements are dedicated to a customer, the Group considers that it retains the right to direct
the use of these assets as defined in the standard IFRS 16. Accordingly, gas supply agreements linked to those assets are not
considered as leases. These industrial investments continue to be controlled by the Group and are recorded as property, plant and
equipment, the full amounts received for the contracts being, otherwise, recognized as revenue.
Customers of the Large Industries business simultaneously receive and consume the benefits granted by the gas supply service or its
availability. As a result, the revenue recognition related to these contracts occurs when the gas is supplied or when the reserved capacity
is made available.
As described in note 31 "Climate risk consideration" to the consolidated financial statements, long term gas supply contracts include
guaranteed minimum volumes through take-or-pay clauses, as well as the indexation to variable costs (mainly electricity and natural gas),
including any CO2 cost, and inflation.
Due to the complexity of those contracts and the impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements of the judgments made when
the contract is signed or in case of subsequent significant modifications, and of the execution of contractual clauses such as indexation
clauses to variable costs, we have considered the qualification of Large Industries long term contracts and related revenue recognition
criteria as a key audit matter.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

261

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

Our response
Our procedures consisted notably in:
■ understanding the criteria to qualify the Large Industries long term contracts applied by the Group, considering in particular the
specific nature of the underlying assets;
■ understanding internal control procedures implemented by the Group to confirm the compliance of the accounting treatment applied to
these contracts with IFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” and IFRS 16 “Leases”;
■ verifying the compliance of the accounting treatment applied to Large Industries long term contracts with IFRS 15 and IFRS 16;
■ assessing the application of existing contractual indexation clauses, through an understanding of the Revenue process, including
relevant controls, and performing substantive testing on a sample of revenue transactions;
■ assessing the appropriateness of the disclosure included in note “3.a. Revenue recognition – Gas Services” of the accounting
principles and methods in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

Large Industries activity: useful lives of production units and measurement
of their recoverable value
Risk identified
As at December 31, 2025, the net book value of property, plant and equipment amounts to 24,910 million euros, or 47,9% of the Group
total assets, that include the significant industrial investments to execute the customer agreements of the Large Industries activity. As
disclosed in note “5.e. Property, plant and equipment” of the accounting principles section of the consolidated financial statements, Large
Industries production units are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life, usually 15 to 20 years. The estimated
useful lives are reassessed on a regular basis and the resulting change in estimates, if any, are recorded on a prospective basis.
In addition, the Group can be exposed to certain risks specific to industrial investments. Expected returns on investment and their
recoverable value can, for example, be adversely impacted by events such as the economic context, overruns and construction delays,
start-up conditions, technology changes, geographical location or the counterparty risk. New investments may also be required to meet
the Group objectives and commitments to achieve carbon neutrality.
As disclosed in note “5.f. Impairment of assets” of the accounting principles section of the consolidated financial statements, Group
management determines on a regular basis whether asset impairment indicators exist. If a triggering event is identified, an impairment
test is performed to confirm whether the net book value of the asset exceeds its recoverable value. These principles lead the Group to
test production assets (either individually or within the cash generating unit to which they are attached), in particular in case of significant
start-up delays, project termination, significant decrease in expected business volumes, early termination or non-renewal of related
customer contracts, obsolescence of assets in the context of the energy transition.
The measurement of the recoverable value of the equipment relies on significant estimates relating to the Group’s capacity to generate
future cash-flows, re-use certain equipment for other internal or external customers, to sell the assets, or to obtain indemnification,
notably from customers, or subsidies.
Due to the significant value of each production asset and the cumulative value of these assets, the key assumptions used to assess their
useful life, their re-use or the compensation to be received, we have considered the useful life and measurement of the recoverable value
of Large Industries production assets as a key audit matter.

Our response
Our procedures consisted notably in:
■ understanding the procedures performed by the Group to assess and update the depreciation period of the equipment;
■ assessing the consistency of their useful lives with contractual terms and available internal technical studies;
■ analyzing the Group’s process to identify impairment indicators;
■ understanding the work carried out by the Group to determine the recoverable values of the plants, including key assumptions and
estimates used to determine the future cash flows;
■ assessing the accounting translation of impairment losses resulting from the determination of recoverable values;
■ assessing, with the assistance of our experts in climate change and energy transition, the impact of climate change and energy
transition on the financial statements, in order to corroborate the Group's assessment that its climate strategy has not resulted in any
material impact, neither on the useful life nor on the recoverable value of Large Industries production assets;
■ assessing the absence of obvious inconsistencies between the consolidated financial statements and the Group’s other publications
addressing the issues related to climate change, in particular the sustainability statement;
■ verifying the appropriateness of the disclosure included in note “5.e. Property, plant and equipment” and note “5.f. Impairment of
assets” of the accounting principles section of the consolidated financial statements and note 31 “Climate risk consideration" to the
consolidated financial statements.

262

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated Financial Statements

Impairment test of goodwill
Risk identified
In connection with its external growth strategy, the Group monitors the related goodwill at the level of group of cash generating units. For
the Gas & Services activity, goodwill are mostly allocated on a geographical basis. For Engineering & Technologies, goodwill is monitored
at the level of the activity. As at December 31, 2025, goodwill amounts to a net book value of 13,823 million euros (26,6% of the Group
total assets).
The Group performs annually, an impairment test, by reference to market values. Insofar as the fair value is not significantly greater than
the net carrying amount of the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units, the Group confirms the recoverable amount of the
cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units using the estimated cash flow approach (value in use) as described in note “5.f.
Impairment of assets” of the accounting principles section of the consolidated financial statements.
The determination of fair value and recoverable value, and the sensitivity to the fluctuation of market multiples and key data and assumptions
used, require significant judgement and management estimates, in particular in the context of climate change and energy transition.
We have therefore considered the impairment test of goodwill as a key audit matter.

Our response
Our procedures consisted notably in:
■ understanding and assessing the principles used to determine the groups of cash generating units;
■ analyzing, with the assistance of our valuation experts, principles and methods used to determine the market value and their
measurement based on multiples of market capitalization;
■ corroborate, on the basis of external data:
– the results of the Group's impairment tests as of December 31, 2025, and
– the consideration of both climate risk and challenges and opportunities relating to the energy transition;
■ assessing the sensitivity of the result of the impairment tests performed by the Group as at December 31, 2025;
■ assessing the appropriateness of the information included in notes “5.f. Impairment of assets” and “10. Goodwill” to the consolidated
financial statements.

Specific verifications
We have also performed, in accordance with professional standards applicable in France, the specific verification required by laws and
regulations of the Group’s information given in the Group’s Management Report.
We have no matters to report as to their fair presentation and their consistency with the consolidated financial statements.

REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
Format of the presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements included
in the Annual Financial Report
We have also verified, in accordance with the professional standard applicable in France relating to the procedures performed by the
statutory auditor relating to the annual and consolidated financial statements presented in the European single electronic format, that the
presentation of the consolidated financial statements included in the annual financial report mentioned in article L. 451-1-2, I of the
French Monetary and Financial Code (code monétaire et financier), prepared under the responsibility of the Chief Executive Officer
(Directeur Général), complies with the single electronic format defined in the European Delegated Regulation No 2019/815 of
17 December 2018. As it relates to consolidated financial statements, our work includes verifying that the tagging of these consolidated
financial statements complies with the format defined in the above delegated regulation.
Based on the work we have performed, we conclude that the presentation of the consolidated financial statements included in the annual
financial report complies, in all material respects, with the European single electronic format.

Appointment of the Statutory Auditors
We were appointed as Statutory Auditors of L’Air Liquide by the Annual General Meeting held on May 12, 2016 for
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and on May 4, 2022 forKPMG S.A.
As at December 31, 2025, PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit was in its tenth year of uninterrupted engagement and KPMG S.A.in its fourth year.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union and for such internal control as management
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless it is expected
to liquidate the Company or to cease operations.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

263

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Consolidated Financial Statements

The Audit and Accounts Committee is responsible for monitoring the financial reporting process and the effectiveness of internal control
and risks management systems and where applicable, its internal audit, regarding the accounting and financial reporting procedures.
The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors.

STATUTORY AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT
OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Objectives and audit approach
Our role is to issue a report on the consolidated financial statements. Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with professional standards will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
As specified in article L. 821-55 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), our statutory audit does not include assurance on
the viability of the Company or the quality of management of the affairs of the Company.
As part of an audit conducted in accordance with professional standards applicable in France, the statutory auditor exercises professional
judgment throughout the audit and furthermore:
■ identifies and assesses the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
designs and performs audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtains audit evidence considered to be sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for his opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;
■ obtains an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the internal control;
■ evaluates the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by management in the consolidated financial statements;
■ assesses the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability
to continue as a going concern. This assessment is based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of his audit report. However,
future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. If the statutory auditor concludes that a
material uncertainty exists, there is a requirement to draw attention in the audit report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements or, if such disclosures are not provided or inadequate, to modify the opinion expressed therein;
■ evaluates the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements and assesses whether these statements represent the
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation;
■ obtains sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to
express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. The statutory auditor is responsible for the direction, supervision and
performance of the audit of the consolidated financial statements and for the opinion expressed on these consolidated financial statements.

Report to the Audit and Accounts Committee
We submit a report to the Audit and Accounts Committee which includes in particular a description of the scope of the audit and the audit
program implemented, as well as the results of our audit. We also report, if any, significant deficiencies in internal control regarding the
accounting and financial reporting procedures that we have identified.
Our report to the Audit and Accounts Committee includes the risks of material misstatement that, in our professional judgment, were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and which are therefore the key audit matters
that we are required to describe in this report.
We also provide the Audit and Accounts Committee with the declaration provided for in article 6 of Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014,
confirming our independence within the meaning of the rules applicable in France such as they are set in particular by articles L. 821-27
to L. 821-34 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and in the French Code of Ethics (Code de déontologie) for statutory
auditors. Where appropriate, we discuss with the Audit and Accounts Committee the risks that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
independence, and the related safeguards.
Neuilly-sur-Seine and Paris-La Défense, March 5, 2026
The Statutory Auditors
French original signed by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit
Olivier Lotz

264

Cédric Le Gal

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

KPMG S.A
Valérie Besson

Laurent Genin

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

STATUTORY ACCOUNTS
ON THE PARENT COMPANY
Income statement
For the year ended December 31
Notes

2024

Revenue

(2)

100.6

94.6

Royalties and other income

(3)

846.6

866.2

(in millions of euros)

Proceeds from sales of intangible and tangible assets

N/A

—

Total operating income (I)

947.2

960.8

Purchases and other external expenses

(39.3)

(16.8)

Duties and taxes other than corporate income tax

(18.0)

(17.2)

(4)

(269.0)

(265.9)

(6)

(49.9)

(25.8)

(7)

N/A

(1.7)

(5)

(352.3)

(386.6)

Total operating expenses (II)

(728.5)

(714.0)

Net operating profit (loss) (I + II)

218.7

246.8

(b)

Personnel expenses
Depreciation, amortization and provision expenses
Book value of intangible and tangible assets sold

(b)

Other expenses

(7)

2025

Financial income from equity affiliates

(a)

(8)

1,783.9

454.4

Interests, similar income and expenses

(a)

(8)

(108.8)

(68.7)

Proceeds from sales of financial assets

(b)

(9)

N/A

0.9

Book value of financial assets sold

(b)

(9)

N/A

(8.3)

Other financial income and expenses

(a)

(8)

3.2

(5.9)

Financial income and expenses (IV)

1,678.3

372.4

Net profit / (loss) from ordinary activities before tax (I + II + III)

1,897.0

619.2

Exceptional income

186.1

0.4

Exceptional expenses

(63.0)

(0.6)

123.1

(0.2)

(4.4)

(4.2)

Exceptional income and expenses (V)

(10)

Statutory employee profit-sharing
Corporate income tax
NET PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

(11)

(27.3)

29.6

1,988.4

644.4

(a) For transactions involving related companies, refer to note 22.
(b) Presented at December 31, 2024 in exceptional income and expenses – Reclassification not applicable (N/A) at the beginning of the period.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

265

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

Balance sheet
For the year ended December 31
December 31, 2024

Notes

(in millions of euros)

December 31, 2025
Amortization,
Gross carrying
depreciation
Net
amounts and provisions

Net

Assets
Intangible assets

(12) & (14)

22.9

183.1

(163.9)

19.2

Tangible assets

(12) & (14)

110.5

227.7

(97.2)

130.5

Financial assets

(a) (13) & (14)

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories and work-in-progress

13,069.2

13,074.0

(11.4)

13,062.6

13,202.6

13,484.8

(272.5)

13,212.3
0.4

(13)

0.4

0.4

—

Trade receivables and related accounts

(a) (14) & (17)

13.4

1.5

—

1.5

Other receivables

(a) (14) & (17)

1,214.6

996.4

(5.8)

990.6

3.7

1.9

—

1.9

(15)

204.4

155.1

—

155.1

Prepaid expenses
Short-term financial investments
Cash and financial instruments
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS
Unrealized foreign exchange losses
TOTAL ASSETS

5.2

11.3

—

11.3

1,441.7

1,166.6

(5.8)

1,160.8

8.3

3.4

—

3.4

14,652.6

14,654.8

(278.3)

14,376.5

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Share capital

3,180.4

3,186.6

Additional paid-in capital

2,064.1

2,192.5

Revaluation reserve

23.9

23.9

Legal reserve

288.4

317.9

Other reserves

388.5

388.5

Retained earnings

2,928.3

2,928.0

Net profit for the year

1,988.4

644.4

Tax-driven provisions

3.5

3.6

(16)

10,865.5

9,685.4
81.1

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
PROVISIONS

(14)

90.6

Bank borrowings

(a)

(17)

5.8

1.0

Other borrowings

(a)

(17)

252.0

705.7

Trade payables and related accounts

(a)

(17)

195.6

203.2

Tax and social security debts

(a)

(17)

313.3

359.3

Other payables

(a)

(17)

2,926.5

3,338.4

Deferred income
TOTAL LIABILITIES

0.4

0.1

3,693.6

4,607.7

Unrealized foreign exchange gains

2.9

2.3

TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

14,652.6

14,376.5

(a) The current part of debts and receivables (less than one year) is provided in note 17.

266

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

Notes to the statutory accounts
ACCOUNTING POLICIES
1. General principles
The statutory accounts of the Company L’Air Liquide S.A. have been prepared in accordance with the accounting rules and principles
generally accepted in France according to the provisions of the French Chart of Accounts (Plan Comptable Général).
The accounting policies for the establishment and presentation of the statutory accounts have been applied in accordance with the
principle of prudence and with the following basic assumptions:
■ going concern;
■ consistency of accounting methods from one accounting period to another;
■ separation of each accounting period.
The method used for the valuation of recorded items is the historical cost method.
Only material information is disclosed.

2. Change in accounting methods
ANC Regulation No. 2022-06, approved on December 30, 2023, amends the French General Accounting Plan and applies from
January 1, 2025. The financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025, are prepared and presented in accordance with the
provisions of this regulation. The financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, have not been restated retrospectively in
accordance with the new rules, but disaggregations or regroupings have been made in the “December 31, 2024” column to comply with
the new format of the financial statements.
The impact of this change in accounting methods is mainly reflected in the Company’s financial statements in terms of exceptional
income and expenses and can be analyzed as follows:

Exceptional income and expenses
As of January 1, 2025, in accordance with article 513-5 of the French General Accounting Plan, exceptional income and expenses include :
■ income and expenses directly related to a major and unusual event that would not have been recognized in the absence of that event;
■ accounting entries of a purely tax nature, such as accelerated depreciation for tax purpose;
■ changes in accounting methods recognized in profit or loss, when their treatment in equity is excluded due to tax provisions;
■ corrections of errors, except those relating to entries initially recorded directly in equity.
This change results in the reclassification of transactions previously recognized in exceptional income and expenses to net profit from
ordinary activities and income taxes. The main impacts are detailed below:
2024 published Tax consolidation
accounts
profit

Royalties and other income

846.6

Exceptional income and expenses

123.1

(104.9)

Corporate income tax

(27.3)

104.9

2024 accounts
presented in the
Others
2025 format

12.5
(12.5)

859.1
5.7
77.6

In addition, the following balance sheet items as of December 31, 2024, are subject to a new presentation and the main impacts
are detailed below:
2024 Current account
published
loans with
accounts
subsidiaries

ASSETS

Operating receivables

750.8

477.2

Current account loans with subsidiaries

477.2

(477.2)

Current account
borrowings with
subsidiaries

Trade payables
and related
accounts

LIABILITIES

2024 published
accounts

Trade
Receivables and
related accounts

2024 accounts presented
in the 2025 format

13.4

Trade
receivables and
13.4 related accounts

(13.4)

Tax and social
security debts

673.0

2,762.4

Current account
borrowings
with subsidiaries

2,762.4

(2,762.4)

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

(195.6)

Other
receivables

2024 accounts presented
in the 2025 format

195.6

Trade payables
and related
accounts

313.3

313.3

Tax and social
security debts

(313.3)

2,926.5

Other payables

195.6

Operating payables

1,214.6

AIR LIQUIDE

267

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

3. Non-current assets

E. Treasury shares

A. Intangible assets

When the Company purchases its own shares, they are
recognized at cost as treasury shares in other long-term
investment securities. The gains or losses on disposals of
treasury shares contribute to the net profit for the year.

Internally generated intangible assets primarily include the
development costs of information management systems. They are
capitalized only if they generate probable future economic
benefits and whether there are available appropriate resources
(technical, financial and others) to complete the development and
use or sell the intangible asset. Internal and external costs
corresponding to detailed application design, programming, the
performance of tests and the drafting of technical documentation
intended for internal or external use are capitalized.
Significant upgrade and improvement costs are added to the initial
cost of assets if they specifically meet the capitalization criteria.
Other intangible assets include separately acquired intangible
assets such as software, licenses and intellectual property rights
and are measured at acquisition cost.
Intangible assets are amortized according to the straight-line
method over their estimated useful lives.

B. Tangible assets

A provision is recorded over the rights vesting period to cover the
future charge of employees and members of Executive Management
of the Company relating to the remittance of current shares when the
performance criteria can be determined with reliability.
When the purchase cost of shares is higher than their valuation
based on the average share price during the last month of the
fiscal year, treasury shares earmarked for cancellation or
allocated for the purpose of implementing plans for free grants of
shares are not impaired.

4. Inventories and work-in-progress

Lands, buildings and equipment are recognized at historical cost.
Interim interest expense is not included in the cost.

Raw materials, supplies and goods are primarily measured at
weighted average cost.

Where components of a tangible asset have different useful lives,
they are accounted separately and depreciated over their own
useful lives.

An impairment loss is recognized for inventories and work-inprogress when the estimated realizable amount is lower than cost.

Depreciation is computed according to the straight-line method
over their estimated useful lives as follows:

Trade receivables and other operating assets are measured at
historical cost.

■ buildings: 10 to 30 years;
■ equipment: 5 to 20 years.
Lands are not depreciated.

C. Impairment of intangible and tangible assets
The Company assesses at each closing date whether there is any
indication of impairment loss of intangible and tangible assets. If
such indications exist, an impairment test is performed to assess
whether the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its present
value, which is defined as the greater of its market value and
value in use.
In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
discounted to their present value as this would be done for an
investment decision.
When the present amount of an asset is lower than its net carrying
amount, an impairment loss is recognized in the income statement.
When the present value exceeds the carrying amount, the previously
recognized impairment is reversed to the income statement.

D. Equity investments
Equity investments are recognized at their initial amount on the
entry date, with the exception of those subject to a revaluation as
provided by Law 76-1232 of December 29, 1976. Acquisition
costs that are not representative of market value are expensed.
When the carrying amount, determined using the criteria normally
adopted for the measurement of equity investments (market
multiples method based on the Air Liquide Group market
valuation, estimated cash flow approach, and net asset value
remeasured at fair value), is lower than the book value, an
impairment loss is recognized for the difference.

268

However, shares allocated for the purpose of implementing plans
for free grants of shares are reclassified to a “Short-term financial
investments – Company treasury shares” caption at the balance
sheet value on the date of allotment.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

5. Trade receivables and others

An impairment loss for receivables is recognized when it becomes
probable that the amount due will not be collected and the loss
can be reasonably estimated. Trade receivables are receivables
from third parties outside the group.

6. Foreign currency transactions
Foreign currency transactions are translated at the exchange rate
prevailing on the transaction date.
At year-end, the difference arising from the translation of
receivables and payables denominated in a foreign currency, is
recognized in suspense accounts in assets and liabilities
(“Unrealized foreign currency gains or losses”).
Where applicable, unrealized foreign exchange losses associated
with non-hedged transactions are subject to a contingency provision.

7. Provisions
Provisions are recognized when:
■ the Company has a present obligation towards a third party as
a result of a past event or an ongoing one;
■ it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying
economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation;
■ a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

8. Financial instruments
L’Air Liquide S.A. applies the ANC regulation no. 2015-05 of
July 2, 2015 related to financial forward and hedging instruments.
In accordance with its risk management policy, L’Air Liquide S.A.
enters into forward currency purchases or sales in order to hedge
the exposure to foreign exchange risk associated with
transactions carried out in foreign currencies.

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

By symmetry, the foreign exchange gains or losses on forward
currency purchases or sales are presented at the same time and
in the same income statement caption as the hedged item.
Likewise, the unrealized gain from the hedging is presented within
the unrealized foreign currency gains or losses statement caption,
to offset the exchange differentials related to the revaluation of
underlying receivables and debts. When the forward currency
purchases or sales hedge future transactions not yet recorded on
the balance sheet, the fair value of these instruments represents
an off balance sheet commitment.
Where applicable, when the financial instruments used do not
constitute hedging transactions (“isolated open position”), the
losses resulting from their year-end market value are provided for
in the income statement. In accordance with the principle of
prudence, unrealized gains are not recognized in the income
statement.

9. Post-employment benefits
The Company applies the ANC recommendation no. 2013-02 of
November 7, 2013 amended on November 5, 2021 (2nd method)
related to the recognition and measurement of retirement benefits
and similar obligations
The Company provides its employees with various pension plans,
termination benefits, jubilees (awards based on years of service)
and other post-employment benefits for both active employees
and retirees. These benefits are covered in two ways:
■ by so-called defined contribution plans;
■ by so-called defined benefit plans.
The Company grants
contribution plans.

both

defined

benefit

and

defined

Defined contribution plans are plans under which the employer’s
sole obligation is to pay regular contributions. The employer does
not grant any guarantee on the future level of benefits paid to the
employee or retiree (“means-based obligation”). The annual
pension expense is equal to the contribution paid during the fiscal
year which relieves the employer from any further obligation.
Defined benefit plans are those by which the employer
guarantees the future level of benefits defined in the agreement,
most often depending on the employee’s salary and seniority
(“result-based obligation”). Defined benefit plans can be:
■ either financed by contributions to a fund specialized in
managing the contributions paid;
■ or managed internally.
In the case of defined benefit plans, retirement and similar
obligations are measured by independent actuaries, according to
the projected unit credit method. The actuarial calculations mainly
take into account the following assumptions: salary increases,
employee turnover, retirement date, mortality, inflation and
appropriate discount rates.
Actuarial gains and losses exceeding the greater of 10% of the
obligations or the fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the
reporting period are amortized over the expected average working
lives of the plan participants.

10. Revenue recognition
Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized when the risks and
rewards of ownership have been transferred to the buyer.
Revenue associated with delivery of services is booked when
delivery is completed.

11. Research and Development expenditures
Development costs shall be recognized as assets if and only if the
Company can demonstrate all of the following:
■ the project is clearly identified and the related costs are
individualized and reliably monitored;
■ the technical and
is demonstrated;

industrial

feasibility

of

the

project

■ there is a clear intention to complete the project and use or sell
the products arising from it;
■ it is probable that the project will generate future economic
benefits for the Company.
When these conditions are not satisfied, the work carried out does
not systematically result in the completion of an intangible asset
that will be available for use or sale, development costs generated
are recognized as an expense when incurred.

12. Exceptional income and expenses
The financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025,
have been prepared and presented in accordance with the
provisions of ANC Regulation No. 2022-06, approved on
December 30, 2023. Effective January 1, 2025, exceptional
income and expenses include:
■ income and expenses directly related to a major and unusual
event that would not have been recognized in the absence of
that event;
■ accounting entries of a purely tax nature, such as accelerated
depreciation for tax purpose;
■ changes in accounting methods recognized in profit or loss,
when their treatment in equity is excluded due to tax provisions;
■ corrections of errors, except for those relating to entries initially
recognized directly in equity.
The financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024,
have not been restated retrospectively to reflect these new rules.

13. Tax consolidation
L’Air Liquide S.A. has set up a tax consolidation group with the
French subsidiaries in which it holds a direct or indirect interest
exceeding 95%, as defined by article 223-A of the French Tax Code.
Each company calculates its tax provision as if it were taxed
separately. L’Air Liquide S.A., as head of the tax consolidation group,
recognizes as an expense the tax corresponding to its own profits.
As of December 31, 2024, the impact of restatements and
eliminations made in determining the overall taxable income was
recognized in exceptional income and expenses. As of
December 31, 2025, this impact is recognized in income taxes.
Tax deferrals of companies with losses are recognized in tax liabilities.

In accordance with article L. 123-13 of the French Commercial
Code (Code de Commerce), the Company maintained its previous
practices: obligations related to retirement termination payments
and jubilees are provided whereas other retirement obligations
related to defined benefit plans are not provided but are disclosed
in the notes.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

269

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

ADDITIONAL NOTES ON THE BALANCE SHEET AND INCOME STATEMENTS
1. Significant events
The 2025 Finance Act, promulgated on February 15, 2025, introduced a one-off contribution on the profits of large companies in 2025.
This measure resulted in an increase in income tax of 39.1 million euros.

2. Revenue breakdown by geographical area
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

France

59.6

49.9

Abroad

41.0

44.7

REVENUE

100.6

94.6

By the nature of its activities, the revenue of L’Air Liquide S.A. mainly corresponds to services and pension expenses recharged to its
subsidiaries (see note 19.A).

3. Royalties and other income
The item Royalties (trademark, technology and assistance royalties received from subsidiaries) and other operating income records in
2025 a slight increase in royalties (+2.7%).
Other income mainly includes change in inventories of goods and services, production of assets capitalized, operating subsidies,
operating expense reclassifications, as well as operating provisions and impairment reversals and transfers of operating expenses for
2024. As of January 1, 2025, following the implementation of the new General Accounting Plan, the latter have been eliminated. This
elimination had no significant impact on the accounts.

4. Personnel expenses
The personnel expenses break down as follows:
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Wages and salaries

(185.6)

(179.2)

Social contributions

(83.4)

(86.7)

PERSONNEL EXPENSES

(269.0)

(265.9)

5. Other expenses
Other operating expenses primarily consist of research and development costs and other external expenses such as subcontracting and
maintenance costs, fees, travel expenses, telecommunication costs and rental expenses.

6. Depreciation, amortization and provision expenses
Depreciation, amortization and provision expenses break down as follows:
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Depreciation and amortization expenses

(14.5)

(18.4)

Provision expenses

(35.4)

(7.4)

DEPRECIATION, AMORTIZATION AND PROVISION EXPENSES

(49.9)

(25.8)

(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Proceeds from sales of intangible and tangible assets

N/A

—

Book value of intangible and tangible assets sold

N/A

(1.7)

RESULT FROM DISPOSALS OF NON FINANCIAL ASSETS

N/A

(1.7)

7. Result from disposals of non financial assets

In 2025, the result from disposals of non-financial assets mainly comprises write-offs.
In 2024, this result was classified as exceptional income and expenses.

270

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Statutory accounts on the parent company

8. Financial income and expenses
■ Financial income from equity affiliates amounts to 454.4 million euros in 2025 (1,783.9 million euros in 2024). In 2024, Air Liquide
International made an exceptional reserve distribution of 999.9 million euros.
■ Interests, similar income and expenses break down as follows:
(in millions of euros)

2024

Revenues from long-term loans and other financial revenues

20.2

2025

17.5

Other interest and similar income and expenses

(129.0)

(86.2)

INTERESTS, SIMILAR INCOME AND EXPENSES

(108.8)

(68.7)

■ Decrease of other interest and similar income and expenses is explained by lower level of average indebtedness and interest rates.
■ Other financial income and expenses break down as follows:
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Amortization, impairment and provisions net of reversals

13.5

(3.6)

Foreign exchange gains / losses (net)

0.7

(2.2)

(11.0)

(0.1)

3.2

(5.9)

(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Proceeds from sales of financial assets

N/A

0.9

Book value of financial assets sold

N/A

(8.3)

RESULT FROM DISPOSALS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS

N/A

(7.4)

Other financial expenses
OTHER FINANCIAL INCOME AND EXPENSES

9. Result from disposals of financial assets

The result from disposals of financial assets in 2025 mainly includes the impact of the disposal of our Arianespace Participation
investment for -8.3 million euros, covered by a reversal of impairment provision for the same amount, booked in Other financial income
and expenses item (see note 8).
In 2024, this result was classified as an exceptional result.

10. Exceptional income and expenses
In accordance with the entry into force of ANC Regulation No. 2022-06 on January 1, 2025, the exceptional result of -0.2 million euros as
of December 31, 2025 corresponds to accelerated depreciation and amortization.
As of December 31, 2024, the exceptional income and expenses of 123.1 million euros mainly corresponded to:
■ 104.9 million euros of tax income in connection with the tax consolidation of L’Air Liquide S.A. and its consolidated French subsidiaries;
■ the income of 12.5 million euros recognized as a result of patent sales;
■ and the income of 4.8 million euros relating to the equalization charge following the favorable decision of the Council of State
(“Conseil d’État”) in December 2024.

11. Corporate income tax
The 2025 corporate income tax amounts to 29.6 million euros compared to -27.3 million euros in 2024 and it breaks down as follows:
(in millions of euros)

2024

2025

Net profit from ordinary activities before tax

(21.2)

(21.7)

Additional contributions on earnings (a)

(1.8)

(1.7)

Exceptional contribution on earnings (b)

—

(39.1)

Tax consolidation profit (c)

—

93.0

Other

(4.3)

(0.9)

TOTAL

(27.3)

29.6

(a) Social security contribution on earnings of 3.3%.
(b) Exceptional contribution on earnings established by the 2025 finance law.
(c) As of December 31, 2024, the tax consolidation profit of L’Air Liquide S.A. and its integrated French subsidiaries was classified as an exceptional income
and amounted to 104.9 million euros.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

271

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

12. Intangible and tangible assets
Changes in gross value break down as follows:
Gross value as of
January 1, 2025

(in millions of euros)

Additions

Disposals

CommissioningTransfer

Gross value as of
December 31, 2025

152.9

Concessions, patents,
licenses

119.9

2.6

(0.3)

30.7

Other intangible assets

61.2

3.0

(3.5)

(30.5)

30.2

INTANGIBLE ASSETS

181.1

5.6

(3.8)

0.2

183.1

Land and buildings
Plant, machinery
and equipment

112.9

0.9

(0.1)

1.0

114.7

35.3

2.6

(2.4)

39.9

75.4

Other tangible assets

18.4

1.4

(0.4)

1.2

20.6

Tangible assets under
construction and payments
on account – tangible assets

33.6

25.7

—

(42.3)

17.0

TANGIBLE ASSETS

200.2

30.6

(2.9)

(0.2)

227.7

TOTAL

381.3

36.2

(6.7)

—

410.8

Changes in amortization, depreciation and impairment losses break down as follows:

(in millions of euros)

Amortization, depreciation,
and impairment losses as
of January 1, 2025

Intangible assets

(158.2)

(8.0)

2.3

Tangible assets

(89.7)

(10.4)

2.9

(97.2)

TOTAL

(247.9)

(18.4)

5.2

(261.1)

Amortization and Decreases, disposals,
depreciation
scrappings

Amortization, depreciation
and impairment losses as
of December 31, 2025

(163.9)

13. Financial assets
Changes in gross value break down as follows:
(in millions of euros)

Gross value as of
January 1, 2025

Equity investments

Increases

Decreases

Gross value as of
December 31, 2025

12,419.3

—

—

Other long-term investment securities (a)

27.0

132.4

(136.6)

Long-term loans

630.2

0.6

—

1.1

—

—

1.1

13,077.6

133.0

(136.6)

13,074.0

Other long-term financial assets
FINANCIAL ASSETS

12,419.3
22.8 (b)
630.8

(a) The change in other long-term investment securities mainly corresponds to:
– the acquisition and sale of Company treasury shares under the liquidity contract for 132.4 million euros and -128.3 million euros respectively;
– the impact of the disposal of our Arianespace Participation investment for -8.3 million euros.
(b) At the 2025 year-end: “Other long-term investment securities” includes in particular 92,000 treasury shares meant to be cancelled for an amount of 8.1 million
euros and 50,050 shares held under the liquidity contract for an amount of 14.7 million euros.

272

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

14. Impairment, allowances and provisions
A.

Impairment and allowances

Impairments are recognized when the asset’s carrying amount is lower than its book value.
They break down as follows:
(in millions of euros)

2024

Allowance

Reversal

Intangible and tangible assets

(6.4)

—

0.2

(6.2)

—

(11.3)

—

(11.3)

(8.4)

—

8.3

(0.1)

—

—

—

—

(18.4)

—

12.6

(5.8)

(33.2)

(11.3)

21.1

(23.4)

Equity investments
Other long-term investment securities
Inventories and work-in-progress
Operating receivables
IMPAIRMENT
Whose charges and reversals:

2025

operating items

12.8 (a)

financial items

8.3

exceptional items
(a) Reversals are included in the "Royalties and other income" item in the income statement.

The reversals mainly represent the use of the provision for impairment of our investment in Arianespace Participation for 8.3 million euros
and the cancellation of the provision for impairment of receivables in the amount of 12.5 million euros.

B.

Provisions

Provisions mainly include:
■ foreign exchange provisions;
■ third party or employee contingency and litigation provisions;
■ provisions to cover the future charge of the delivery of performance shares;
■ jubilee awards and vested rights with regard to retirement benefits (51.7 million euros in 2025 and 51.4 million euros in 2024).
(in millions of euros)

2024

Increases

Decreases

Provisions for contingencies

14.4

2.5

(8.7)

8.2

Provisions for losses

76.2

17.7

(21.0)

72.9

90.6

20.2

(29.7)

81.1

operating items

7.4

(13.2) (a)

PROVISIONS
Whose charges and reversals:

2025

financial items
exceptional items
(a) Reversals are included in the "Royalties and other income" item in the income statement.

The increase mainly relates to provisions for foreign exchange risk for 2.4 million euros, provisions for jubilee awards and vested rights
with regard to retirement termination payments for 4.9 million euros and provisions to cover the future cost of the delivery of performance
shares for 12.8 million euros.
The decrease mainly represents the use of the provision for expenses related to the delivery of performance shares for
-16.5 million euros and provisions for jubilee awards and vested rights with regard to retirement termination payments for
-4.5 million euros. It also includes the reversal of the provision for foreign exchange risk for -8.2 million euros.

15. Short-term financial investments
The item breaks down as follows:
(in millions of euros)

Company treasury shares
Other short-term financial investments
SHORT-TERM FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS

Gross value as of
December 31, 2024

Gross value as of
December 31, 2025

204.4

155.1

—

—

204.4

155.1

At the end of 2025, “Company treasury shares” consisted of 1,011,995 shares (1,408,986 shares in 2024) allocated to the objective of
distribution of performance shares plans to employees.
During the year 2025, no shares allocated to the distribution of performance shares plans to employees were bought by the Company
and the Company distributed to employees 396,991 performance shares, allocated to this objective, for -49.3 million euros.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

273

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

16. Shareholders’ equity
As of December 31, 2025, the share capital is made of 579,384,423 shares with a par value of 5.50 euros.
The portion of share capital arising from the special revaluation reserve amounts to 71.4 million euros.
As of
December 31,
2024 (before
appropriation
of earnings)

Appropriati
on of 2024
net profit

Share capital (b)

3,180.4

—

Additional paid-in capital (b)

2,064.1

—

23.9

—

—

■ Legal reserve

288.4

29.5

—

—

317.9

■ Tax-driven reserves

307.8

—

—

—

307.8

(in millions of euros)

Revaluation reserve

Distribution
(a)

Other
changes

As of
December 31,
2025 (before
appropriation
of earnings)

6.2

—

3,186.6

127.8

0.6

2,192.5

—

23.9

Capital
increases

Reserves:

■ Translation reserve

7.7

—

—

—

7.7

■ Other reserves

73.0

—

—

—

73.0

Retained earnings (c)

2,928.3

1,958.9

—

3.0

2,928.0

Net profit for the year

1,988.4

(1,988.4)

—

644.4

644.4

Investment grants

0.4

—

—

(0.1)

0.3

Accelerated depreciation (d)

3.1

—

—

0.2

3.3

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

10,865.5

—

134.0

648.1

9,685.4

(1,962.2)

(1,962.2)

(a) Following the decision of the Combined Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of May 6, 2025.
(b) The change in Share capital and Additional paid-in capital results from the following transactions:
– capital increase of 4.7 million euros resulting from the subscription of 848,773 shares by employees of the Group ascertained on December 9, 2025
by the Chief Executive Officer, under powers granted by the Board of Director’s on July 28, 2025. The additional paid-in capital was increased
by 112.9 million euros and has been reduced by the costs related to share capital increase for -2.7 million euros;
– capital increases of 1.5 million euros resulting from the exercise of 276,387 subscription options. The Additional paid-in capital was increased
by the premiums related to these share capital increases, i.e. 17.6 million euros.
(c) The change in Retained earnings also includes the difference between the estimated loyalty dividend and the loyalty dividend actually paid and the cancellation
of the dividend pertaining to treasury shares.
(d) The change in the Accelerated depreciation results from the change of accelerated depreciation in accordance with asset depreciation and amortization policies.

17. Debt maturity analysis
(in millions of euros)

Gross

December 31, 2025
≤ 1 year

> 1 year

Long-term loans

630.8

625.7

5.1

Other long-term investments

1.1

—

1.1

Trade receivables and related accounts

1.5

1.5

—

996.4

897.9

98.5

1,629.8

1,525.1

104.7

381.6

381.6

Other receivables (a)
ASSETS
(a) Including current account loans with subsidiaries

December 31, 2025
(in millions of euros)

Gross

≤ 1 year

> 1 to ≤ 5 years

> 5 years

Bank borrowings

1.0

1.0

—

—

705.7
203.2
359.3

705.5
203.2
359.3

0.2
—
—

—
—
—

Other payables (a)

3,338.4

3,239.9

98.5

—

DEBTS

4,607.6

4,508.9

98.7

—

(a) Including current account borrowings with subsidiaries

3,156.6

3,156.6

Other borrowings
Trade payables and related accounts
Tax and social security debts

274

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

18. Financial instruments
Unsettled derivatives as of December 31, 2025 break down as follows:
December 31, 2025
Carrying value

Fair value

■ Buy

93.2

(1.2)

■ Sell

166.2

(in millions of euros)

Currency forwards
0.9

TOTAL

(0.3)

The fair value of derivative instruments is based on the value of the contract on the market at the closing date.
All of these instruments are allocated to hedged operations. There is therefore no isolated open position whose change in fair value
would have a direct impact on the income statement.

19. Retirement and similar plans

B.

A.

L’Air Liquide S.A. grants to employees not covered by the preceding
plan (1,001 employees as of December 31, 2025) and with at least
six months of service, the benefit from an externally funded defined
contribution plan. Contributions to this plan are jointly paid by the
employer and employee. For 2025, employer contributions
amounted to 6.7 million euros (6.1 million euros in 2024).

Group retirement benefit guarantee agreement

In France, Air Liquide grants additional benefits to retirees
(2,707 retirees as of December 31, 2025). These benefits provide
a supplemental retirement income based on final pay, which is
paid in addition to other normal retirement benefits. This plan is
closed to employees under the age of 45, or with less than
20 years of service as of January 1, 1996. These plans are
unfunded. The annual amount paid with regards to additional
benefits cannot exceed originally 12% of total payroll or, in some
case, 12% of pre-tax profits of companies involved. This 12%
threshold will be proportionately reduced by comparing the
number of plan beneficiaries for the year to the number of plan
beneficiaries for the previous year. The additional benefit granted
by Air Liquide is indexed to the pension revaluation rates of normal
and supplemental retirement benefits up to a certain annuity
threshold without any indexation beyond. This additional benefit
was funded subsequent to article 50 of the law of January 20,
2014 securing the future and fairness of pensions plans.
The contributions amounted to 17.1 million euros after reinvoicing
subsidiaries (18.4 million euros in 2024). Excluding the impact of
timelines, and until the plan ends, the actuarial value of
obligations vis-à-vis retirees and those eligible as of
December 31, 2025 amounts to 306.4 million euros.
Based on the assumptions used for the valuation of the retirement
obligations, an estimated 158.4 million euros will be recharged to
the subsidiaries of L’Air Liquide S.A. as and when benefits are
paid to the retirees.

E.

C.

Externally funded plan

Retirement termination payments and jubilees

The corresponding obligations are provided for an amount
of 50.7 million euros and 1.0 million euros, respectively.

D.

Calculation of actuarial assumptions
and methods

The calculations with respect to the Group’s retirement benefit
guarantee agreement, retirement termination payments and
jubilees are performed by independent actuaries using the
projected unit credit method.
Actuarial gains and losses exceeding the greater of 10% of the
obligations related to retirement termination payments
and unrecognized past service costs are amortized over the
expected average working lives of the plan participants. As of
December 31, 2025, the amounts stand at -7.3 million euros
(-5.7 million euros in 2024).
The actuarial assumptions (turnover, mortality, retirement age, salary
increase) vary according to demographic and economic conditions.
The discount rates used to determine the present value of
obligations are based on Government bonds or High-quality
Corporate bonds, with the same duration as the obligations at the
valuation date (3.95% as of December 31, 2025).

Change in retirement obligations and similar benefits

Company obligations with respect to pension plans and similar benefits break down as follows:
(in millions of euros)

OBLIGATIONS AS OF JANUARY 1, 2025

Defined benefit
plan

Retirement
indemnities

Jubilees

Total

352.0

45.6

1.0

398.6

Service cost

2.2

2.2

11.2

1.5

12.7

Benefit payments

(32.8)

(3.7)

(36.5)

Actuarial (gains) / losses

(24.0)

(1.5)

OBLIGATIONS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2025

306.4

44.1

Interest cost
Plan amendments

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

—
(25.5)
1.0

351.5

AIR LIQUIDE

275

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

20. Accrued income and accrued expenses
December 31, 2025

(in millions of euros)

Accrued income
Other long-term financial assets

0.6

Trade receivables and related accounts

0.2

Other receivables

228.1

ACCRUED INCOME

228.9

Accrued expenses
Other borrowings

5.5

Trade payables and related accounts

164.1

Tax and social security debts

66.4

Other payables

143.9

ACCRUED EXPENSES

379.9

21. Deferred taxes
Deferred taxes arise from timing differences between the tax regime and the accounting treatment of income and expenses. Depending
on the nature of the timing differences, these deferred taxes will increase or decrease the future tax expense and are not recorded as per
the French Chart of Accounts.
Deferred taxes are estimated as follows:
December 31, 2024

December 31, 2025

Deferred tax assets (decrease in future tax expense)

19.3

22.4

Deferred tax liabilities (increase in future tax expense)

—

—

(in millions of euros)

Deferred taxes as of December 31, 2024 were calculated taking into account the 3.3% social security contribution on earnings,
representing a general income tax rate of 25.83%. As of December 31, 2025, an exceptional contribution of 41.2% was added,
representing a general income tax rate of 36.13%.

OTHER INFORMATION
22. Statement of financial income and expenses relating to related companies
Financial transactions with related parties were entered into by the Company with its wholly-owned subsidiaries or subsidiaries over
which it exercises control (directly or indirectly).

(in millions of euros)

December 31, 2024
Including related
Gross
undertakings

December 31, 2025
Including related
Gross
undertakings

Financial income from equity affiliates

1783.9

1783.9

454.4

454.4

Interests, similar income and expenses

(108.8)

(105.6)

(68.7)

(65.3)

3.2

—

(5.9)

—

December 31, 2024

December 31, 2025

Other financial income and expenses

23. Off-balance sheet commitments
Off-balance sheet commitments break down as follows:
(in millions of euros)

Commitments given
Endorsements, securities and guarantees given (a)

1,612.3

978.6

To Air Liquide Finance and Air Liquide US LLC on transactions performed (b)

9,041.2

10,645.5

Firm purchase orders for fixed assets
COMMITMENTS GIVEN

6.9

10.2

10,660.4

11,634.3

(a) Endorsements, securities and guarantees given mainly include the joint and several liability guarantee granted for affiliates linked to the European program of
non-recourse assignments of trade receivable in an amount of 377 million euros (477 million euros as of December 31, 2024) and the joint and several liability
guarantee of the subsidiaries Société Européenne de Gestion de l’Énergie and Air Liquide France Industrie in connection with energy purchases.
(b) L’Air Liquide S.A. holds 100% of the French subsidiary Air Liquide Finance, which manages the Group’s cash position and interest rate risk, as well as
financing. In addition, Air Liquide Finance holds 100% of Air Liquide US LLC, which borrows on the U.S. market.
The only activity of Air Liquide Finance and Air Liquide US LLC is to finance the Group. As a consequence, L’Air Liquide S.A. is required to guarantee any
issuances performed by these companies.

Commitments not relating to affiliated companies are insignificant.

276

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

24. Remuneration paid to members of Executive Management and the Board of Directors
The remuneration (short-term benefits: fixed and variable portions, benefits in kind, retirement termination payments, Directors’
attendance fees) paid by the Company to members of Executive Management and the Board of Directors respectively, amounts to:
2025

(in millions of euros)

Remuneration of the Board of Directors

1.0

Remuneration of the Chairman of the Board

0.8

Remuneration of Executive Management

3.0

TOTAL

4.8

During the year 2025, the Company also paid contributions to external organizations:
■ for the benefit of Mr Benoît Potier (as Chairman of the Board) in respect of the collective death and disability plan (10,128 euros);
■ for the benefit of Mr François Jackow in respect of defined contribution pension plans (21,348 euros), the collective death and
disability benefits plan (13,339 euros) and the collective healthcare plan (522 euros), i.e. a total of 35,209 euros.
In 2026, the Company will also pay contributions related to the year 2025, under the collective pension insurance contract, for an amount
of 377,058 euros (split between a payment to the insurer and a payment to Mr François Jackow to cover social security contributions and
taxes due on payments made to the insurer).

25. Average number of employees
The average number of employees is:
2024

2025

Engineers and executives

893

855

Supervisory staff

165

138

Employees

34

33

1,092

1,026

Laborers
TOTAL

26. Subsidiaries and affiliates information
Carrying amount of shares held
after the revaluations of 1976, 1978
and 1979

(in thousands of euros)

Equity as of
December 31,
2025

% share
holding

Gross

Net

100.00% 9,122,262

9,122,262

Loans and
advances
Including granted by the
revaluation Company and
difference
not repaid

Guarantees
and
endorsements
given by the
Company

Net profit
(or loss)
2024 net
(a)
for 2024 (a)
revenue

Dividends
collected by
the Company
during 2025

A. Details of subsidiaries owned at more than 50%
Air Liquide International (b)
– 75, quai d’Orsay – 75007
Paris

10,100,756

Air Liquide France Industrie
– 6, rue Cognacq-Jay –
75007 Paris

774,355

100.00%

292,872

292,872

Air Liquide Finance – 6, rue
Cognacq-Jay – 75007
Paris

819,749

100.00%

284,562

284,562

480

633,036

Air Liquide Santé
(International) – 75, quai
d'Orsay – 75007 Paris

361,673

100.00%

331,728

331,728

6,301

Air Liquide Investissements
d'Avenir et de
Démonstration – 6, rue
Cognacq-Jay – 75007
Paris

88,763

100.00%

85,050

Air Liquide Biogas
International – 6, rue
Cognacq-Jay – 75007
Paris

63,005

100.00%

Air Liquide Industriegase
GmbH & Co. KG – HansGünther-Sohl-Strasse 5 –
40235 Düsseldorf –
Germany

2,732,708

1,455

1,488,883

—

1,348,373

123,605

96,631

—

83,607

83,583

244

—

84,786

100,000

85,050

4

—

(435)

116,011

104,711

—

30,746

(21,713)

100.00% 2,106,474

2,106,474

—

108,103

184,612

49,816

49,816

29,356

29,356

Other subsidiaries (*)

20,706

276,817

—

214,000

10,333,116

16,068

80,000
75,745

B. Details of holdings owned between 10% and 50%
Other subsidiaries (*)

16,744

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

18,404

(a) Most recent year-end accounts approved by the competent decision-making bodies.
(b) Holding company.
(*) Entities for which the individual inventory value is less than 1% of the Company’s capital.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

277

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

Statutory Auditors’ report on the annual
Financial Statements
This is a translation into English of the Statutory Auditors’ report on the financial statements of the Company issued in French and it is
provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking users. This statutory auditors’ report includes information required by European
regulations and French law, such as information about the appointment of the statutory auditors or verification of the management report
and other documents provided to the shareholders. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with,
French law and professional auditing standards applicable in France.
To the Annual General Meeting

OPINION
In compliance with the engagement entrusted to us by your Annual General Meeting, we have audited the accompanying financial
statements of L’Air Liquide for the year ended December 31, 2025.
In our opinion, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets and liabilities and of the financial position of the Company
as at December 31, 2025 and of the results of its operations for the year then ended in accordance with French accounting principles.
The audit opinion expressed above is consistent with our report to the Audit and Accounts Committee.

BASIS FOR OPINION
Audit Framework
We conducted our audit in accordance with professional standards applicable in France. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Statutory Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
Statements section of our report.

Independence
We conducted our audit engagement in compliance with the independence requirements of the French Commercial Code (Code de
commerce) and the French Code of Ethics for Statutory Auditors (Code de déontologie de la profession de Commissaire aux comptes)
for the period from January 1st, 2025 to the date of our report, and specifically we did not provide any prohibited non-audit services
referred to in article 5(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014.

EMPHASIS OF MATTER
We draw your attention to the effects of the first-time application of ANC Regulation No. 2022-06, as described in the notes to the
financial statements. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

JUSTIFICATION OF ASSESSMENTS – KEY AUDIT MATTERS
In accordance with the requirements of articles L. 821-53 and R. 821-180 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) relating
to the justification of our assessments, we inform you of the key audit matters relating to risks of material misstatement that, in our
professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the current period, as well as how we
addressed those risks.
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole and in forming our opinion thereon, and
we do not provide a separate opinion on specific items of the financial statements.

Equity investments measurement
Risk identified
As at December 31, 2025, the net book value of the equity investments amounts to 12,408 million euros and represents 86,3% of the
total balance sheet. Equity investments are recognized at their initial consideration, excluding acquisition costs and after considering legal
reevaluation if any (as provided by Law 76-1232 of December 29, 1976).
As disclosed in note "3.D. Accounting policies – Equity investments" to the statutory financial statements, when the value in use
(determined applying the market multiples method based on the Group market capitalization or the estimated cash flows method or the
method of net asset value re-measured at fair value) is lower than the net book value of the equity investment, an impairment loss is
recognized for the difference.
The selection of the method used to determine the value in use requires significant judgement of the Company.
Due to the significant equity investments balance and the impact of the method retained to determine the carrying amount, we have
considered that the measurement of the equity investments as a key audit matter.

Our response
Our procedures mainly consisted in considering, based on information provided by the Company, the valuation methods applied by the
Company, and assessing:
■ the assumptions used to determine the re-measured net asset;
■ the methodology and the results of the tests performed based on the Group market capitalization;
■ the appropriateness of information included in notes "3.D. Accounting policies – Equity investments", "13. Financial assets" and
"14. Impairment, allowances and provisions" to the statutory financial statements.

278

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Statutory accounts on the parent company

SPECIFIC VERIFICATIONS
We have also performed, in accordance with professional standards applicable in France, the specific verifications required by laws and
regulations.

Information given in the Management Report and in the other documents with respect
to the financial position and the Financial Statements provided to the Shareholders
We have no matters to report as to the fair presentation and the consistency with the financial statements of the information given in the
Board of Directors Management Report and in the other documents with respect to the financial position and the financial statements
provided to the shareholders.
We attest the fair presentation and the consistency with the financial statements of the information relating to payment deadlines
mentioned in article D. 441-6 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).

Report on Corporate Governance
We attest that the Board of Directors’ Report on Corporate Governance sets out the information required by articles L. 225-37-4,
L. 22-10-10 and L. 22-10-9 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).
Concerning the information given in accordance with the requirements of article L. 22-10-9 of the French Commercial Code (Code de
commerce) relating to the remuneration and benefits received by the directors and any other commitments made in their favor, we have
verified its consistency with the financial statements, or with the underlying information used to prepare these financial statements and,
where applicable, with the information obtained by your Company from companies controlled thereby, included in the consolidation
scope. Based on these procedures, we attest the accuracy and fair presentation of this information.
With respect to the information relating to items that your Company considered likely to have an impact in the event of a takeover bid or
exchange offer, provided pursuant to article L. 22-10-11 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), we have agreed this
information to the source documents communicated to us. Based on these procedures, we have no observations to make on this information.

Other information
In accordance with French law, we have verified that the required information concerning the purchase of investments and controlling
interests and the identity of the shareholders and holders of voting rights has been properly disclosed in the Management Report.

REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
Format of preparation of the financial statements included in the Annual Financial Report
We have also verified, in accordance with the professional standard applicable in France relating to the procedures performed by
statutory auditors regarding the annual and consolidated financial statements prepared in the European single electronic format, that the
preparation of the financial statements included in the annual financial report mentioned in article L. 451-1-2, I of the French Monetary
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), prepared under the Chief Executive Officer’s responsibility, complies with the single
electronic format defined in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/815 of 17 December 2018.
On the basis of our work, we conclude that the preparation of the financial statements included in the annual financial report complies, in
all material respects, with the European single electronic format.

Appointment of the Statutory Auditors
We were appointed as statutory auditors of the Annual General Meeting held on May 12, 2016 for PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and on
May 4, 2022 for KPMG SA.
As at December 31, 2025, PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit was in its tenth year of uninterrupted engagement and KPMG SA in its fourth year.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with French accounting
principles and for such internal control as Management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, Management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless it is expected to
liquidate the Company or to cease operations.
The Audit and Accounts Committee is responsible for monitoring the financial reporting process and the effectiveness of internal control
and risk management systems and where applicable, its internal audit, regarding the accounting and financial reporting procedures.
The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

279

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

STATUTORY AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT
OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Objectives and audit approach
Our role is to issue a report on the financial statements. Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
that an audit conducted in accordance with professional standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users made on the basis of these financial statements.
As specified in article L. 821-55 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), our statutory audit does not include assurance on
the viability of the Company or the quality of management of the affairs of the Company.
As part of an audit conducted in accordance with professional standards applicable in France, the statutory auditor exercises professional
judgment throughout the audit and furthermore:
■ identifies and assesses the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, designs and
performs audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtains audit evidence considered to be sufficient and appropriate to provide
a basis for his opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;
■ obtains an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the internal control;
■ evaluates the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
made by Management in the financial statements;
■ assesses the appropriateness of Management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability
to continue as a going concern. This assessment is based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of his audit report. However,
future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern. If the statutory auditor concludes that a
material uncertainty exists, there is a requirement to draw attention in the audit report to the related disclosures in the financial
statements or, if such disclosures are not provided or inadequate, to modify the opinion expressed therein;
■ evaluates the overall presentation of the financial statements and assesses whether these statements represent the underlying
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

Report to the Audit and Accounts Committee
We submit to the Audit and Accounts Committee a report which includes in particular a description of the scope of the audit and the audit
program implemented, as well as the results of our audit. We also report significant deficiencies, if any, in internal control regarding the
accounting and financial reporting procedures that we have identified.
Our report to the Audit and Accounts Committee includes the risks of material misstatement that, in our professional judgment, were of
most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and which are therefore the key audit matters that we are
required to describe in this report.
We also provide the Audit and Accounts Committee with the declaration provided for in article 6 of Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014,
confirming our independence within the meaning of the rules applicable in France as set out in particular in articles L. 821-27 to L. 821-34
of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and in the French Code of Ethics for Statutory Auditors (Code de déontologie de la
profession de Commissaire aux comptes). Where appropriate, we discuss with the Audit and Accounts Committee the risks that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and the related safeguards.

Neuilly-sur-Seine and Paris-La Défense, March 5, 2026
The Statutory Auditors
French original signed by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit
Olivier Lotz

280

Cédric Le Gal

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

KPMG S.A
Valérie Besson

Laurent Genin

AIR LIQUIDE

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

Five-year summary of Company results
(Articles R. 225-83 and R. 225-102 of the French Commercial Code)
2021

2022

2023

2024

2025

I - Share capital at the end of the year
a) Share capital (in euros) (a) (b) (c)
b) Number of outstanding ordinary shares
c) Number of shares with loyalty dividend
entitlement (d)

2,614,100,704 2,878,976,491 2,884,842,279 3,180,425,947 3,186,614,327
475,291,037

523,450,271

524,516,778

578,259,263

579,384,423

134,993,503

149,161,232

145,320,778

163,473,123

165,796,301

96.7

97.5

105.4

100.6

94.6

d) Convertible bonds
II - Operations and results of the year
(in millions of euros)
a) Revenue
b) Net profit before tax, employee profit-sharing,
depreciation, amortization and provisions

1,072.1

998.9

1,100.2

2,071.5

657.3

c) Corporate income tax

16.0

29.9

19.9

27.3

(29.6)

d) Employee profit-sharing for the year
e) Net profit after tax, employee profit-sharing,
depreciation, amortization and provisions

3.2

3.9

4.3

4.4

4.2

f) Distributed profit

950.9

924.7

977.2

1,988.4

644.4

1,417.5

1,587.4

1,725.0

1,962.2

2,205.1

III - Per share data (in euros)
a) Net profit after tax, employee profit-sharing,
but before depreciation, amortization and provisions
■ over the number of ordinary shares outstanding

2.22

1.84

2.05

3.53

1.18

■ over the adjusted number of shares (e)
b) Net profit after tax, employee profit-sharing,
depreciation, amortization and provisions

1.83

1.68

1.87

3.54

1.18

■ over the number of ordinary shares outstanding

2.00

1.77

1.86

3.44

1.11

■ over the adjusted number of shares (e)

1.65

1.61

1.70

3.45

1.12

c) Dividend allocated to each share
■ over the number of ordinary shares outstanding

2.90

2.95

3.20

3.30

3.70

■ over the adjusted number of shares (f)

2.39

2.76

2.99

3.39

3.70

d) Loyalty dividend
■ over the number of ordinary shares outstanding

0.29

0.29

0.32

0.33

0.37

■ over the adjusted number of shares (f)

0.23

0.27

0.29

0.33

0.37

1,121

1,134

1,144

1,092

1,026

162.9

171.0

186.1

181.7

175.4

83.4

76.9

78.5

80.8

85.5

IV - Employees working in France
a) Average number of employees during the year
b) Total payroll for the year
(in millions of euros)
c) Amounts paid with respect to employee benefits
during the year (social security, staff benefits, etc.)
(in millions of euros)

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

281

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

CONTENT

Statutory accounts on the parent company

(a) Using the authorization granted by the 18th resolution of the Combined Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of May 4, 2022 and the 18th resolution of the Combined
Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of May 3, 2023, the Board of Directors made the following decisions:
– in its meeting of July 27, 2022, capital decrease by cancellation of 1,098,900 treasury shares;
– in its meeting of September 28, 2023, capital decrease by cancellation of 120,000 treasury shares;
– in its meeting of April 30,2024, capital decrease by cancellation of 627,000 treasury shares.
(b) Using the authorization granted by the 19th resolution of the Combined Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of May 4, 2022, the Board of Directors decided in its
meeting of May 4th, 2022, the granting of one free share for ten existing shares, and the granting of a 10% bonus for shares held in registered form from
December 31, 2019 to June 7, 2022.
Using the authorization granted by the 18th resolution of the Combined Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of April 30, 2024, the Board of Directors decided in its
meeting of April 30, 2024, the granting of one free share for ten existing shares, and the granting of a 10% bonus for shares held in registered form from
December 31, 2021 to June 11, 2024.
(c) Using the authorizations granted by the resolutions of Combined Annual Shareholders’ Meetings of May 7, 2013 and May 12, 2016,
– the Board of Directors noted in its meeting of September 30, 2025 the issuance of 242,461 shares arising from:
– the exercise of 224,860 options subscribed at the price of 69.12 euros;
– the exercise of 7,117 options subscribed at the price of 62.86 euros;
– the exercise of 6,397 options subscribed at the price of 70.30 euros;
– the exercise of 4,087 options subscribed at the price of 79.76 euros.
– the Board of Directors noted in its meeting of February 19, 2026 the issuance of 33,926 shares arising from:
– the exercise of 26,725 options subscribed at the price of 69.12 euros;
– the exercise of 5,654 options subscribed at the price of 62.86 euros;
– the exercise of 618 options subscribed at the price of 70.30 euros;
– the exercise of 929 options subscribed at the price of 79.76 euros.
Using the authorization granted by the 21st resolution of the Combined Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of May 3, 2023, the Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to
the delegation granted by the Board of Directors in its meeting of July 26th, 2023, noted on December 7, 2023 the employee-reserved issuance of 746,401 new
shares:
– 675,617 new shares subscribed in cash at a price of 126.49 euros per share, of which 2,865 shares were subscribed as part of the contribution paid by the
Company (1 bonus share for 1 share subscribed, 2 bonus shares for 3 shares subscribed, 3 bonus shares for 6 or more shares subscribed per employee);
– 70,784 new shares subscribed in cash at a price of 134.40 euros per share.
Using the authorization granted by the 20th and 21st resolutions of the Combined Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of May 6, 2025, the Chief Executive Officer,
pursuant to the delegation granted by the Board of Directors in its meeting of July 28th, 2025, noted on December 9, 2025 the employee-reserved issuance of
848,773 new shares:
– 785,819 new shares subscribed in cash at a price of 137.89 euros per share, of which 2,629 shares were subscribed as part of the contribution paid by the
Company (1 bonus share for 1 share subscribed, 2 bonus shares for 3 shares subscribed, 3 bonus shares for 6 or more shares subscribed per employee);
– 62,954 new shares subscribed in cash at a price of 146.50 euros per share.
(d) Beginning December 31, 1995, shareholders holding their shares in registered form for at least two years at the period-end, and who will retain these shares in
this form until the dividend payment date, will receive a dividend with a 10% bonus compared to the dividend paid to other shares. The difference between the
loyalty dividend calculated on the number of shares outstanding as of the period-end and the loyalty dividend actually paid shall be allocated to retained
earnings.
(e) Adjusted to take into account, in the weighted average, the capital increases performed via cash subscriptions and treasury shares.
(f) Adjusted to account for share capital movements.

282

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

5

Extra-financial
performance

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT

284

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

284

Basis for preparation of the Sustainability
Statement
Governance
Risk management and internal control
Strategy and business model
Impacts, risks and opportunities
List of data deriving from other EU legislation

284
286
286
287
291
297

ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
European Taxonomy
Climate: greenhouse gas emissions
Water management
Pollution
Biodiversity and ecosystems
Resource use and circular economy

300
300
304
324
329
329
330

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

INFORMATION RELATED
TO SOCIAL MATTERS
The Group’s employees
Workers in the value chain
Patients and customers

331
331
348
353

GOVERNANCE-RELATED INFORMATION
Introduction
Business conduct and corporate culture
Prevention of corruption
Relations with suppliers
Relations with the public sphere

356
356
356
358
359
360

APPENDIX

362

REPORT ON THE CERTIFICATION
OF SUSTAINABILITY AND TAXONOMY
INFORMATION

366

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

369

AIR LIQUIDE

283

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
1. General Disclosures
1.1. BASIS FOR PREPARATION
OF THE SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENT
1.1.1. Scope of the Sustainability Statement
The Sustainability Statement has been prepared on a
consolidated basis. The consolidation scope is the same as that
used to prepare the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements
(see the list of the main consolidated companies on page 257 –
paragraph on Main consolidated companies). The subsidiaries
included in this consolidation scope have been exempted from the
obligation to prepare Sustainability Statements at their level,
under the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD).
As indicated on page 289 – paragraph 1.4.3 of this Sustainability
Statement, it covers the upstream and downstream value chain
where required. The metrics related to the Whistleblowing Policy
(number of reports) and Health and safety (e.g. number of
accidents) have a wide scope and cover all Group companies
(see pages 356 and 335 respectively).
The Group did not make use of the exemption from disclosure
permitted in the event of impending developments or matters in
the course of negotiation.

1.1.2. Methodological considerations
on publications
The Sustainability Statement was established as part of the legal
and regulatory requirements following the transposition of the
European Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (“CSRD”).

Main estimates and methodological limitations
In some cases, the difficulties in accessing reliable data forced the
Group to use estimates which would be refined as the quality of
the available data improves.
In particular, the main methodological uncertainties and limitations
that the Group faced in establishing the information that it
presented are as follows:
■ with regard to the Group’s transition plan for climate change
mitigation, it aims to enable an understanding of the Group’s
past, current and future mitigation efforts in order to ensure
that its strategy and business model are compatible with the
transition to a sustainable economy. However it is understood
that, to date, there is no consensus on greenhouse gas
emissions reduction targets or trajectories at a company level
that would guarantee the compatibility of a strategy with a
scenario limiting global warming to 1.5 °C (please refer to
page 304 – paragraph 2.2 for more details);
■ the methodological limitations in the preparation of certain
indicators or the limitations inherent in the Group’s current
internal reporting systems will lead Air Liquide to continue its
work in the years to come to further improve them. For
example, the Group is continuing its work on making Scope 3
emissions data more reliable (see page 318 –
paragraph 2.2.5).

This second year of implementation of the CSRD remains marked
by some notable uncertainties, in the context of imminent
regulatory change. In addition to those inherent to the state of
scientific or economic knowledge as well as the quality of the
external data used, several interpretations of the texts remain, for
which further clarifications from standard-setters or regulatory
bodies are desirable.

Forward-looking data is covered in the cautionary note regarding
forward-looking statements on page 428.

In this context, the Group has endeavored to apply the regulatory
requirements set by the ESRS, as applicable on the date the
Sustainability Statement was drawn up, on the basis of the
information available, within the timeframe for drawing up the
Sustainability Statement.

Other methodological considerations

Some presentations and data points in this report have been
adapted based on a comparative analysis of the sustainability
statements of other companies, for the sake of comparability.
They include the pay gap, total remuneration ratio metrics and the
presentation of impacts, risks and opportunities. However, data
collection remains challenging, particularly within the value chain,
and the compilation of sustainability information is difficult due to a
lack of reliable comparative data and benchmarks at sector level.
The material impacts, risks and opportunities (IRO) for the Group
are now presented in a detailed table format. Each of them
continues to be presented in the sections dealing with the
corresponding sustainability topics, in order to provide a better link
to the corresponding policies and actions.
According to the double materiality assessment performed by the
Group (see page 291 – paragraph 1.5), topics notably related to
pollution (E2), biodiversity (E4) and circular economy (E5) were
not considered material for the Group. However, as a responsible

284

company, Air Liquide seeks to limit its impact in these areas; a set
of action plans are given as examples in the report (see
pages 329 to 330 – paragraphs 2.4 to 2.6).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Finally, to take into account best practices and recommendations
in the industry as well as better understanding of these new
regulations and standards, the Group may, if necessary, change
certain reporting and communication practices, as part of a
continuous improvement process.
Air Liquide has not deviated from the medium- and long-term
horizons defined by ESRS 1 section 6.4:
■ the short-term time horizon corresponds to the Financial
Statement annual reporting period;
■ the medium-term time horizon corresponds to a horizon of five
years, which is consistent with the duration of the Group’s
strategic plans, which are generally set for a period of five
years;
■ the long-term horizon corresponds to a horizon of more than
five years, which is partially taken into account in Air Liquide’s
emerging risks assessment and the Group’s study of longterm trends.
Estimates and uncertainties, where applicable, are disclosed at
the level of the indicator to which they apply.
Unless otherwise stated, the indicators have not been validated
by an external body other than the sustainability auditors.

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

1.1.3. Incorporations by reference and use of transitional arrangements
The information incorporated by reference is as follows:
ESRS Framework
ESRS 2 SBM-1 §40 (a)
ESRS 2 SBM-1 §40 (d)
ESRS 2 SBM-1 §42

Description of main product/service groups and markets
Activities related to fossil fuels, chemicals, controversial weapons and tobacco
Description of business model and value chain

22, 24

ESRS 2 SBM-1 §42 (a)

Business model – Securing inputs

74, 82

ESRS 2-SBM-3 §48 (d)

Current financial impact of material risks and opportunities

ESRS 2 SBM-3 §48 (f)

Resilience of strategy and business model

41

ESRS 2 GOV-1 §21 (a)

Board of Directors – Number of executive and non-executive members

103

ESRS 2 GOV-1 §21 (b)

Board of Directors – Employee representation

ESRS 2 GOV-1 §21 (c)

Board of Directors – Experience of directors

98, 104

ESRS 2 GOV-1 §21 (d)

Board of Directors – Diversity of directors

98, 103

ESRS 2 GOV-1 §21 (e)

Board of Directors – Independent directors

ESRS 2 GOV-1 §22

Board of Directors – Roles and responsibilities in overseeing impacts, risks and opportunities

ESRS 2 GOV-1 §23

Board of Directors – Description of skills and expertise to oversee sustainability issues

ESRS 2 GOV-2 §26 (a)
ESRS 2 GOV-2 §26 (b)
ESRS 2 GOV-2 §26 (c)

Board of Directors – Information and consideration of impacts, risks and opportunities
Board of Directors – Material impacts, risks and opportunities dealt with during the year

115, 120,
124
115, 124

ESRS 2 GOV-3 §29
ESRS E1 related
to ESRS 2 GOV-3

Board of Directors – Incentive schemes and compensation policies linked to sustainability
issues, in particular climate issues

143-152,
173-177

ESRS 2 GOV-4 §32

Due diligence process

92

ESRS 2 GOV-5 §36 (e)

119

ESRS G1 GOV-1 §5 (a)

Board of Directors – Communication of risk analysis and internal control findings relating
to the sustainability reporting process
Board of Directors – Information on the views and interests of affected stakeholders regarding
sustainability-related impacts
Board of Directors – Role in the conduct of business

ESRS G1 GOV-1 §5 (b)

Board of Directors – Business expertise

ESRS G1-3 §18 (c)

Board of Directors – Where applicable, process for reporting incidents of corruption or bribery

ESRS G1-5 §30

Board of Directors – Appointment of directors who have held public office during the last
two years (not applicable to Air Liquide)

ESRS 2-SBM-2 §45 (d)

Pages

24

252

113

108
111, 118,
120, 124
105

117, 124,
125
111, 119,
120
105,112,
116, 122
105,112,
116, 122
103

As the Air Liquide Group exceeded the threshold of 750 employees at the reporting date, the information requested by ESRS 2 §17
is not applicable.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

285

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

1.2. GOVERNANCE
Within Air Liquide, the administrative, management and
supervisory bodies in the meaning of the Regulations, hereinafter
referred to as “management bodies”, include the Board of Directors
and the Chief Executive Officer. It should be noted that, depending
on the information required, only one or the other may be
concerned (the information does not then apply to the other party).

1.2.1. Roles and responsibilities
of management bodies
Information relating to the supervisory role of the Group’s
governance bodies is addressed in Chapter 3, particularly:
■ page 98 – paragraph 1;
■ page 103 – paragraph 3;
■ page 113 – paragraph 7;
■ page 124 – paragraph 11.4.
The integration of environmental and societal issues is an integral part
of the Group’s strategy, based on strong governance and processes.
The Sustainable Development Department, which reports to a
Director who is a member of the Executive Committee,
contributes to the strategy and defines the specific measures to
be integrated in the Company’s strategic plan.
The Sustainable Development Department participates in the
E-Enrisk Committee, whose mission is to manage the Group’s
energy and emissions risks, which brings together each month the
member of the Executive Committee overseeing the global Large
Industries business line and the Group Strategy function.
The Vice President in charge of Sustainable Development
participates in meetings relating to strategy, with a particular focus
on sustainable development issues. She is consulted on the RIC
(Resources and Investment Committee) documents for
investment projects that have a material impact on the Group’s
carbon trajectory.
Finally, the Group’s CO2 trajectory has been filtered down into
local decarbonization plans, developed in close collaboration with
the Group’s global business units, while taking into account the
specificities of its geographies and customers. A CO2 budget per
cluster is defined, monitored on a bi-annual basis and integrated
into the investment decision-making processes to ensure that the
Group remains on its trajectory.

1.2.2. Sustainability matters addressed
by the Board of Directors
The sustainability matters addressed by the Board of Directors
are addressed in Chapter 3, in particular:
■ page 115 – paragraph 10;
■ page 115 – paragraph 10.1;
■ page 117 – paragraph 10.3;
■ page 117 – paragraph 11.1.

1.2.3. Sustainability performance incentives
The incentive mechanisms applied to the Group’s governance
bodies are addressed in Chapter 3 on page 145 – paragraph on
Qualitative personal criteria.

286

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

1.3. RISK MANAGEMENT
AND INTERNAL CONTROL
1.3.1. Statement on due diligence
Under the responsibility of the Chief Legal Officer Group
Employment Law, Compliance and Duty of Vigilance, Air Liquide
implements a due diligence process covering human rights and
fundamental freedoms, the health and safety of persons and the
environment, in accordance with the French Law on Duty of
Vigilance. The Group establishes a Vigilance Plan based on the
guidelines of international instruments such as the United Nations
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGP) and
the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development
(OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and its Due
Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct.
Chapter 2, page 92 – paragraph 2 meets the disclosure requirements
related to its sustainability due diligence process through a crossreference table referring to the Sustainability Statement.

1.3.2. Internal control of the sustainability
reporting process
The Group’s risk management and internal control processes and
systems for sustainability reporting cover thematic ESRS and
disclosure requirements considered material for the Group, as per
the double materiality assessment. The objective of the internal
control system is to provide reasonable coverage of risks relating
to the completeness and integrity of the data, the suitability of the
results of estimates, the availability of data and the timeframe for
making the information available.
The main components of the internal control system are:
■ the organization in place to ensure the production of the
Sustainability Statement (including roles and responsibilities
and functions in charge of validation steps);
■ the policies and procedures implemented to ensure, in
particular, the homogeneity of the definitions of vocabulary and
calculation methods;
■ the control activities for consistency checks, reconciliation,
completeness and gap analysis;
■ IT systems used for automation of controls and proper
traceability of validation circuits.
In addition, to supplement these main elements of internal control,
regular internal audit reviews are set up within the Group to
ensure independent control.
The Group has carried out an assessment of the risks related to
sustainability reporting. This assessment, performed at the data
point level, aimed to assess the level of risk related to inherent
risks (such as, but not limited to, computational or processing
complexity, manual processes, the extent to which data is
estimated or dependency on third-party data) and other risks
related to the use of the data.
The aim of this risk assessment is to prioritize the internal control
assessment guidelines and the associated action plans to
be implemented.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

On the basis of this assessment, the main actions taken to
heighten the internal control environment were continued in 2025:
■ training on the internal control process for employees
contributing to the processing and consolidation of data;
■ using information systems, including automated controls, for
data collection and consolidation;
■ the global writing of the Sustainability Statement carried out
using a single integrated tool, allowing access rights and
validation flows to be managed.
To complete this general internal control environment, there has
been a particular focus on the main potential specific risks,
primarily the disparate nature of the data (2024 being the first year
of reporting under the new regulations) and problems with data
integrity resulting from manual processes.
The implemented approach consists of a review of the existing
internal control processes and systems that mitigate these
potential risks, according to the four main components of internal
control mentioned above. This review requires the setting of
internal control action plans where necessary. It has been applied
with particular focus on the themes E1 (Climate), S1 (Group’s own
workforce) and E3 (Water management), and should continue in
the coming years. When deemed necessary, the controls
identified are incorporated into the Group’s internal policies and
procedures. In 2025, the identified controls related to (a) data
validation and access control, (b) standardized procedures and
training and (c) data accuracy and consistency checks, have been
integrated into the Group’s internal policies and processes.
The Sustainability Statement’s internal control system is governed
by the Audit Committee. Detailed information is provided on
page 117 – paragraph 11.1).

1.4. STRATEGY AND BUSINESS MODEL
1.4.1. Air Liquide’s business model
Information relating to the Group’s business model is addressed
on page 22 – paragraph 2.
Sustainable development is at the heart of Air Liquide’s strategy,
combining financial and extra-financial performance. This is
embodied in the ADVANCE plan, which came to an end in 2025.
The plan has four pillars: delivering strong financial performance
which prepares for the future, acting as a leader in industry
decarbonization, promoting progress through technological
innovation, and acting for all.
Air Liquide confirms its leadership role in the decarbonization of
industry and in the emergence of a low-carbon society. The Group
is committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, with two
major intermediate steps in 2025 and 2035. In addition,
Air Liquide offers solutions to help its customers reduce their own
emissions, such as the supply of low-carbon industrial gases, the
transformation of industrial processes and solutions for CO2
capture and usage.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Achieving decarbonization objectives involves aligning investment
plans with the decarbonization trajectory. For each project, investment
decisions are notably based on a review of the following criteria:
■ environmental footprint of the customer’s site and cost of
raw materials;
■ greenhouse gas emissions, as well as their economic impact
and solutions for reducing emissions;
■ adequacy of the project with the Group’s environmental objectives;
■ other sustainable development criteria, such as water
consumption;
■ physical risks related to climate change;
■ exposure to the risk of corruption.
More details are provided on page 304 – paragraph 2.2.
The innovation capacity and technological know-how of
Air Liquide’s teams enable the Group to contribute to the
development of key sectors of the future, in which it intends to
strengthen its positions:
■ Healthcare, in which the value-based approach, combining
quality of life for the patient with the best cost for the
healthcare system, responds to major societal challenges;
■ Electronics, where the digital, data, and artificial intelligence
revolution contributes to the growth of activities;
■ Industrial Merchant, where growth is driven by new uses,
notably digital ones;
■ Hydrogen mobility, especially heavy-duty mobility, in which
low-carbon hydrogen will play a key role;
■ High-techs.
Safety, ethics and human rights are prerequisites for any action.
Besides, the Group takes into account the perspective of its direct
Stakeholders, as well as those of Society at large, notably by:
■ fostering employee commitment and the development of
their skills;
■ listening to customers and patients to better address their needs;
■ maintaining close contact and quality dialogue with shareholders;
■ acting as a committed corporate citizen concerned with the
general interest.
Current financial effects associated with material risks and
opportunities are addressed in note 31 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements on page 252 – Chapter 4.
The resilience of Air Liquide’s strategy and business model is
addressed on page 41 – paragraph 2.2 Assets and Climate Risks
box.
Finally, information on the breakdown of employees by
geographical area is presented on page 331 – paragraph 3.1.1.

AIR LIQUIDE

287

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

1.4.2. Business sectors
Information relating to the Group’s business sectors is addressed in Chapter 1, page 24 – paragraph 3.
The main molecules produced by the Group and a panel of their customer applications are presented in the infographic below.
N2

Electronics

Steel

Inerting,
Purging

O2

Ar

Rare Gases

CO2

CO

H2

Oxidant

Wafer
manufacturing,
Semiconductor
processes

Etching, Inerting

Lithography,
Cleaning

Etching

Deposition,
Lithography

Melting, Refining
and Direct
Reduced Iron
process

Stainless steel
production

Oxygen
enrichment,
Desulfurization

Refining

Leak
detection

Chemicals

Inerting,
Feedstock

Carbon capture,
utilisation
& storage

Heat Treatment,
Direct Reduced
Iron process

Carbon capture,
utilisation
& storage

Desulfurization,
Sustainable fuels

Raw materials,
Carbon capture,
utilisation
& storage, Reactant

Oxidation, Water
treatment

Production of
organic chemicals

Reducing agent,
Raw material,
Low-carbon
energy

O2 Therapy

Healthcare

Food
& pharma

Freezing, Food
preservation,
Inerting

Water treatment,
Aquaculture

Inerting, Food
preservation

Automotive
& Fabrication

Heat Treatment,
Welding, Cutting

Cutting,
Electric battery
manufacturing

Welding, Heat
treatment, Additive
Manufacturing

Carbonation,
Food processing,
Freezing

Food processing

Heat treatment
Welding

Craftsmen
& Retail

Inerting

Material
& Energy

Inerting, Extrusion,
oil & gas recovery

Technology
& Research

Analysis, Purging

Welding, Cutting

Combustion,
Ozonation,
Mineral
processing

Refining and
atmosphere
protection

Analysis

Lighting, Window
insulation,
Optical Fiber
manufacturing

Analysis

Dry ice, Analysis

Low-carbon
Mobility

Low-carbon fuel
Efficiencies

288

Analysis,
Optical Fiber
manufacturing

Healthcare

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Decarbonization & Environment

Security

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

1.4.3. Value chain
The Group’s business model, including information on its value
chain, is presented in Chapter 1 on pages 24 and 22 –
paragraphs 3 and 2.
As part of the double materiality assessment, Air Liquide defined
the scope of its value chain as follows:
■ upstream of its operations: up to tier-one suppliers and
subcontractors (direct suppliers), unless an impact, risk or
opportunity requiring going beyond tier one has been identified.
This definition is consistent with the Group’s Sustainable
Procurement procedure and its due diligence approach;
■ downstream of its operations: up to the delivery of products
and services to customers and patients.
In line with these principles and in light of the Group’s activities,
Air Liquide’s value chain includes in particular the following elements:
■ upstream of its operations: its direct suppliers such as energy
or equipment suppliers, or service providers;
■ in its own operations: its Gas & Services, Engineering &
Technologies, supported by the Functions, and the distribution
channels to serve customers and patients;

The main distribution channels for Air Liquide’s products are
pipelines and road transport. They are operated either directly by
Air Liquide or by third parties downstream of its operations. More
details on the distribution channels are provided on page 24 –
paragraph 3.
Electricity, natural gas and air are the main inputs used by
production units. Their availability is thus essential to the Group.
More specifically, almost 85% of Air Liquide’s large production units
are Air Separation Units, which do not use any combustion
processes. These units use air as their only raw material, while the
energy required to separate air is consumed almost exclusively in
the form of electricity. Furthermore, the Group depends on water for
its activities. Its water consumption comes primarily from
evaporation during the cooling of industrial gas production
processes. Water is also used as a raw material for the manufacture
of products such as hydrogen. It should be noted that given the
Group’s activities and their local presence near its customers, the
latter may also supply Air Liquide with water and energy.
The issues related to securing electricity and natural gas are
described on page 74 – paragraph 1.3. The issues related to
securing water are described on page 82 – paragraph 4.1.3.

■ downstream of its operations: its customers and patients, as
well as third parties involved in the logistics, distribution and
delivery of the Group’s products.

1.4.4. Stakeholders engagement
Air Liquide’s main stakeholders can be summarized as follows:

PUBLIC SPHERE
Governmental and regulatory
authorities
Professional associations

EMPLOYEES
AND THEIR
REPRESENTATIVES
Air Liquide employees
Employee representatives
and trade unions

LOCAL
COMMUNITIES
AND CIVIL SOCIETY

CUSTOMERS
AND PATIENTS

Non-Governmental
Organizations

Customers and
their employees

Local
communities

Patients

Legitimate
representatives
of nature

SHAREHOLDERS
AND FINANCIAL
PARTNERS
SUPPLIERS
AND THEIR
EMPLOYEES

Individual shareholders
Institutional investors
Extra-financial
rating agencies
Financial partners
(including banks)

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

289

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

✔

Shareholders,
investors and
financial partners

Suppliers and their
employees

✔

✗✔

✔

✔

✔

✔

✔

✔

✗✔

Local communities
and civil society
Public sphere

User of the
Sustainability
Statement

Employees and their
representatives
Customers
and patients

Affected stakeholder

Business
relationship

Within Air Liquide, stakeholder engagement is integrated into many of its operational processes:

✔

✔
✔

Frequency of
communication/
interactions

Communication channels
Social dialogue mechanisms (information-consultation, collective
Continuously
bargaining), My Voice internal survey, training, performance reviews.
Continuously
Satisfaction surveys including “Voice of Customer” surveys,
procedures in patients’ homes, pharmacovigilance and medical device
vigilance, customer relationship managers.

Dedicated Departments (Shareholder Services, Investor Relations
Continuously
team and the Sustainable Development Department’s Reporting
and Extra-Financial Performance team), Shareholders’ Communication
Committee, conferences, one-to-one meetings, digital communication
materials, newsletters, website.
Supplier’s Code of Conduct. The Procurement Department’s
Sustainable Procurement function conducting the annual assessment
of Sustainability-Critical Suppliers. For energy suppliers, Departments
with expertise in energy management.
European & International Affairs Department coordinating responses
to requests from civil society organizations.
Regular monitoring of topics of interest to civil society.
European & International Affairs Department, whose mission
is to organize interaction with local and/or regional public authorities,
either directly or through professional organizations; participation
in public works or events.

Continuously

Continuously

Continuously

✗: Legitimate representative of an affected stakeholder.

Employees and their representatives
Air Liquide strives to create an engaging employee experience
based in particular on open, continuous and constructive social
dialogue between employees, social partners and Management.
Air Liquide’s dialogue with its employees and their representatives
is detailed on page 332 – paragraph 3.1.2.

Customers and patients
In line with its Principles of Action, Air Liquide continuously listens
to its customers, the patients it serves and the healthcare
professionals who look after them. The procedures for consulting
Air Liquide’s customers and patients are detailed on page 353 –
paragraph 3.3.1.

Shareholders, investors and financial partners
Air Liquide maintains close relations with its investors and
Shareholders and interacts with them in many ways, by providing
them with regular monitoring of its performance and progress in terms
of sustainability and asking what they expect in terms of publications
and development of the sustainable development strategy.

Suppliers
The Group is committed to integrating sustainable development
practices into its procurement processes. Air Liquide has around
80,000 tier-one suppliers and subcontractors. The Group
Procurement Department is responsible for managing
relationships with suppliers, based on two procedures that include
sustainability issues. These procedures as well as the
management of relationships with suppliers are described on
page 359 – paragraph 4.4.1. Processes relating to the
consideration of supplier employees’ interests and views can be
found on page 348 – paragraph 3.2.1.

Engagement with non-governmental organizations is coordinated
by the European & International Affairs Department with the
support of other Functions, where necessary, such as the
Sustainable Development Department, the Human Resources
Department or the Duty of Vigilance Department.
In line with its Principles of Action, Air Liquide takes part in the
economic and social development of the regions where it
operates. The Group respects the rights, cultures, customs and
values of local communities. Dialogue with communities is
engaged locally by the subsidiaries, in accordance with these
principles and the regulations in force.

Public sphere
Engaging with public authorities and policymakers plays a part in
achieving sustainability objectives. The Group considers that it is
important for private actors to contribute to public debate and
initiatives by sharing their expertise and analysis on their areas of
expertise with public decision-makers. These contributions enrich
the understanding of the specific characteristics of an ecosystem
and ensure that the decisions taken contribute to the fulfillment of
sustainability commitments.
Air Liquide is committed to being transparent in all its interactions
with public representatives. The Group thus participates in
working groups set up by public authorities or in discussions led
by professional associations representing a given sector.
Particular attention is paid to ensuring that the stands of the
associations, which Air Liquide is a member of, are aligned with
those of the Group. On sustainable development, it is essential
that each association respects the Paris Agreement. More
detailed information on relations with the public sphere can be
found on page 360 – paragraph 4.5.

Local communities and civil society
Air Liquide has established a process to handle inquiries from civil
society organizations. When relevant and necessary, the Group
engages in structured dialogue and possibly partnerships with
some of these organizations, on climate or human rights matters
for instance.

290

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

Assessment of the maturity
of stakeholder engagement
Prior to the double materiality assessment completed in 2024, an
external consultant conducted interviews with Air Liquide’s
Departments interacting with the key stakeholders listed above.
The purpose of these interviews was to assess the maturity of the
dialogue on the basis of four criteria: its frequency, dialogue
mechanisms, analysis of the information collected, and its sharing
with the relevant governance bodies. Stakeholder engagement
and the expertise of the Departments were also deemed sufficient
for them to be able to gather and represent the stakeholders’
interests and views and thus take them into account in the
Group’s double materiality assessment. In addition, the
Sustainable Development Department and the Duty of Vigilance
Department continuously monitor subjects of interest to the
Group’s stakeholders.
In 2024, the external consultant also conducted an analysis of the
sustainability issues considered important in the Group’s value
chain, based on a panel of customers, suppliers, partners and
competitors. The purpose of this analysis was to inform
discussions on the sustainability topics considered material for
Air Liquide, by identifying the sustainability issues identified by
this panel.
The information collected through the communication channels
listed above, as well as the analysis of sustainability issues
considered important in the Group’s value chain, were taken into
account during the double materiality assessment.
Moreover, as shown in the summary table opposite, discussions
with stakeholders are held continuously and the expectations of
stakeholders are taken into account in the definition of
Air Liquide’s strategy. In 2025, the Group did not identify the need
for any major adjustments to the strategy or business model to
meet these expectations.
The processes for informing the Board of Directors are covered
on page 117 – paragraph 10.3.
The procedures for informing the Environment and Society
Committee are covered on page 124 – paragraph 11.4.

1.5. IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
Air Liquide has defined and implemented a double materiality
assessment process to identify and assess its impacts, risks and
opportunities (IRO). This approach is based on the Group’s
existing processes, in particular the duty of vigilance risk mapping
for the assessment of impact materiality, as well as on the
company’s global risk management system for that of financial
materiality. This methodology, which served as the basis for the
initial assessment carried out in 2024, is described in the following
paragraphs 1.5.1 to 1.5.4.
In 2025, Air Liquide conducted a review and found that there had
been no significant change in the external factors affecting it
(applicable regulations, scientific consensus, etc.) or in its
business model (no new activities, stable scope of consolidation).
Consistently, no new material risks have come to light in the
annual update of the Group’s risk mapping, and the duty of
vigilance mapping has remained stable. As a result, and in the
absence of new topics raised by stakeholders (described on
page 289 – paragraph 1.4.4), Air Liquide has determined that no
triggering event is likely to have an impact on the identification,

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

relevance or assessment of the materiality of the IROs. Thus, the
Group maintains the results of the double materiality assessment
carried out in 2024.
The material topics as well as the associated IROs are presented
in paragraph 1.5.5, page 294.

1.5.1. Preliminary work to the double
materiality assessment
The risk mapping methodology for the duty of vigilance is based
on the methodology recommended by international standards: the
UNGP and the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible
Business Conduct.
Air Liquide’s risk management system is defined according to the
reference framework of the French financial market authority
(Autorité des marchés financiers) and established by integrating
the contributions of several Departments (in particular Finance,
Sustainable Development, Group Control and Compliance, Legal
and Safety and Industrial System). In place since 2010, it is
described in more detail on page 72 – paragraph on Risk factors
and management measures. This system integrates the
Environment and Society risks on the same level as the other risks.
The processes presented above were supplemented to meet the
expectations of the CSRD:
■ the duty of vigilance risk mapping and the risk management
system only concern negative impacts, on the one hand, and
risks, on the other. The criteria used for the duty of vigilance
risk mapping were therefore adapted to identify and assess
positive impacts. Opportunities were identified and analyzed on
a case-by-case basis as described in the following paragraphs;
■ the scope of these internal procedures covers the Group’s
activities and the upstream value chain as defined on
page 289 – paragraph 1.4.3. Air Liquide thus extended this
scope to cover the downstream value chain as defined in the
same paragraph. The occurrence of each IRO was positioned
in the Group’s value chain;
■ the assessment methodologies for the duty of vigilance risk
mapping and the risk management system were refined in
order to obtain a higher level of granularity in the double
materiality assessment.
The double materiality assessment was carried out in two steps:
1. the identification of IROs;
2. the materiality assessment of the IROs identified.
In 2024, the identification and assessment of IROs were centralized
at Group level by a dedicated working group coordinated by the
Group Risk Management Department, with support from the Duty of
Vigilance Department. This working group conducted the
assessment with the support of the functions and businesses experts
in the various sustainability matters. The Departments that
contributed to the double materiality assessment are: Risk
Management, Duty of Vigilance, Sustainable Development, Human
Resources, Sustainable Procurement, Safety and Industrial System,
Ethics, Digital Security, Public Affairs, Finance and Home Healthcare.
The Group carries out a review every year to ensure that there
are no triggering events requiring an update of the double
materiality assessment. The frequency of a more in-depth review
has not yet been set.

AIR LIQUIDE

291

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

1.5.2. Identification of impacts,
risks and opportunities
The identification of IROs is structured around the detailed list of
sustainability matters proposed by ESRS 1 AR 16, which is
aligned with the universe of sustainability issues existing in
Air Liquide’s processes. The IROs that apply to Air Liquide and its
value chain have been listed under each topic, sub-topic and subsub-topic (hereinafter, the “topics”). In addition, topics relating to
workers in the value chain, proposed in ESRS 1 AR 16, have
been grouped and/or broken down to correspond to the themes
used in the Sustainable Procurement operational process. In
identifying IROs, the Group has taken into account, where
applicable, the specificities of its activities and the regions where it
operates. The process of identifying IROs is iterative by nature,
requiring intermediate reviews between the team dedicated to
double materiality and the internal experts involved, until the final
results are obtained.

Identification of negative impacts
The identification of actual and potential negative impacts on
people and the environment is based on the duty of vigilance risk
universe. The latter is built taking into account:

■ their position in the Group’s value chain, as defined on
page 289 – paragraph 1.4.3;
■ the time horizons for the occurrence of the risks, as described
on page 284 – paragraph 1.1.2.
Air Liquide has specified in the description of the risks, where
relevant, whether they result from previously identified impacts or
whether they exist due to its dependencies.

Identification of opportunities and positive impacts
As the positive impacts and opportunities are not covered by
Air Liquide’s pre-existing processes, the working group identifies
them on the basis of a review of the Group’s strategy and business
model. In addition, consultations with the expert functions and
businesses for each topic enrich and refine the identification.
As for negative impacts or risks, various dimensions were
characterized:
■ their position in the Group’s value chain, as defined on
page 289 – paragraph 1.4.3;
■ time horizons for the occurrence of positive impacts and
opportunities, as described on page 284 – paragraph 1.1.2;

■ internationally recognized human rights in the International Bill
of Rights and the International Labour Organization (ILO)
Fundamental Conventions; and

■ in the case of positive impacts, the affected stakeholders, as
presented on page 289 – paragraph 1.4.4.

■ environmental resources by considering environmental data
published by stakeholders legitimately representing the interests
of nature, such as the reports of the Intergovernmental Panel
on Climate Change (IPCC).

1.5.3. Assessment of the materiality
of the impacts, risks
and opportunities identified

The continuous monitoring of subjects of interest to stakeholders
and international standards carried out by the Duty of Vigilance
Department ensures that the risk universe can be updated
where necessary.

Principles of Action

For each impact, different dimensions are characterized:
■ affected stakeholders, as presented on page 289 –
paragraph 1.4.4, including vulnerable groups as advised by
the UNGP and the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for
Responsible Business Conduct. Vulnerable groups include
women, children and young people, indigenous peoples,
migrant workers, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ people, and
ethnic, religious or cultural minorities;
■ their position in the Group’s value chain, as defined on
page 289 – paragraph 1.4.3;
■ the time horizons for the occurrence of impacts, as described
on page 284 – paragraph 1.1.2.

Identification of risks
Risks are identified based on the Group’s risk repository. This
repository is reviewed every year, in particular in light of the
identification and hypothetical positioning of emerging risks. It
includes an assessment of the timeframe on which these risks
could materialize and suggests the necessary anticipatory
actions. Consequently, the Group’s risk repository lists the risks in
the context of the financial materiality described by the CSRD.

292

For each risk, different dimensions are characterized:

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Some of the topics included in ESRS G1 “Business Conduct”
correspond to Air Liquide’s Principles of Action (available on the
Group’s website: https://www.airliquide.com/sustainable-development/
ethics/groups-principles-action): corporate culture, prevention of
corruption and bribery, protection of whistleblowers and management
of relationships with suppliers. They are therefore, by nature, material.

Negative impacts
The assessment of the materiality of the negative impacts is
based on the process established by Air Liquide for the duty of
vigilance and distinguishes between actual and potential negative
impacts. The former covers impacts that are currently occurring or
that occur continuously. Consequently, their materiality depends
on the severity of the impact. Potential negative impacts, on the
other hand, relate to impacts that may occur but have not yet
done so, particularly those of an incidental or occasional nature.
In this case, both the severity and the probability of occurrence
are taken into account.
Severity is defined by three criteria:
■ the scale;
■ the scope;
■ the irremediable character of the impact.
The risk mapping methodology for the duty of vigilance is based
on four-level qualitative severity assessment scales that have
been defined for each issue included in French law: human rights,
environment and health and safety.

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

The determination of probability follows a similar approach to severity with a four-point scale. The potential negative impacts are
assessed using the impact matrix presented below. This matrix combines the levels of severity and probability with the former taking
precedence over the latter.
Probability
4
Severity

1

2

3

4

3

4

4

4

3

3

3

4

4

2

2

2

2

3

1

1

1

2

2

Air Liquide determined the following materiality thresholds:
■ an actual negative impact is material when the severity is equal to or greater than 3, the probability of occurrence does not apply;
■ a potential negative impact is material when the combination of severity and probability is equal to or greater than 3 in the above matrix.

Positive impacts
The assessment of actual and potential positive impacts is similar to that developed for negative impacts.
The materiality of actual positive impacts depends on the scale and scope, supplemented by the probability in the case of potential
impacts. In the same way as for negative impacts, four-point scales were constructed for these three criteria. The scores were then
combined through the matrix below:
Probability
4
Scale and scope

1

2

3

4

3

4

4

4

3

3

3

4

4

2

2

2

2

3

1

1

1

2

2

For consistency with the assessment of negative impacts, Air Liquide has determined that the materiality threshold of a positive impact
is equal to or greater than 3.

Risks
The materiality of the risks is assessed by considering the
magnitude of the financial effects as well as the probability of
occurrence. To meet these requirements while relying on its
existing operational processes, the assessment conducted by
Air Liquide of the materiality of its risks follows three steps:
■ each risk identified in the context of double materiality is
associated with a family of risks existing in the Group’s
risk repository;
■ the risk mapping, which is based on a positioning according to
the impact (within the meaning of the Group’s risk
management system) and the probability, is graduated for the
purposes of the double materiality assessment according to
four levels for each of the two axes, in order to precisely reflect
their positioning:
– the level of impact (within the meaning of the Group’s risk
management system) is weighted by the level of maturity
identified for the said risk in the Group’s risk management
system according to a coefficient that can range from 0.75 to

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

1.5 (0.75 – Excellence, 1 – Maturity, 1.25 – Development, 1.5
– Initial), in order to obtain the magnitude of the risk (which
can range between 0.75 and 6),
– the magnitude level is multiplied by the probability level.
Any risk with a rating equal to or higher than 12 (out of a
maximum of 24) is presumed to be material;
■ this initial result was reviewed with internal experts who, on the
basis of their more detailed knowledge of the topics and their
associated risks, confirmed or invalidated the presumption of
materiality. This causes certain presumed non-material topics
to be considered as material.

Opportunities
As with risks, the materiality of opportunities is assessed by
considering the magnitude of their financial effects and the
probability. As the number of opportunities identified is limited, the
assessment of their materiality is made on a case-by-case
analysis, based on the knowledge of the experts of the topics
concerned.

AIR LIQUIDE

293

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

1.5.4. Integration of double materiality
in internal control and risk
and impact management systems
In 2024, the double materiality assessment was carried out by a
dedicated working group, coordinated by the Group’s Risk
Management Department with the support of the Duty of Vigilance
Department, and including expertise on the various topics. As
indicated on page 291– paragraph 1.5.1, this assessment
capitalized on pre-existing internal processes including the
Company’s duty of vigilance risk mapping process and risk
management system. In 2024 and 2025, the results were presented
to Executive Management as well as the Board of Directors’
specialized committees, which monitor, on the one hand, the
process of preparing sustainability information including the double
materiality assessment process (Audit and Accounts Committee)
and, on the other hand, material sustainability topics and impacts,
risks and opportunities (Environment and Society Committee).
In order to conduct an unbiased assessment, the task was broken
down into an identification step followed by an assessment step,
so as to ensure the exhaustiveness of the impacts, risks and

opportunities without initially taking into account whether or not
they are material. In this context, the working group established
the following guidelines:
■ an IRO should correspond either to an impact (positive or
negative), or to a financial effect (risk or opportunity). If an
element falls under both aspects, the IRO is then detailed at a
finer level to be linked to an impact, a risk or an opportunity;
■ a positive impact does not correspond to the compensation or
prevention of a negative impact but should provide additional
value to affected stakeholders;
■ if no IRO can be identified for a topic, then the topic is declared
irrelevant;
■ the assessment of impacts, risks and opportunities should be
based on existing processes as far as possible (mainly the
duty of vigilance and the risk management system) in order to
ensure the consistency of the double materiality with the
Group’s operational processes; and
■ as soon as an IRO is assessed as material, the sustainability
topic to which it relates is considered material.

1.5.5. Results of the double materiality assessment
The material IROs resulting from the double materiality assessment are published below, first in the form of an infographic aggregating them
by material topic, then in the form of a detailed list. They are also described (highlighted in bold) in the topical paragraphs that they relate to.

Financial materiality

Impact materiality
Material from both
perspectives

E1 – Energy
G1– Relations with public sphere

S1 – Social dialogue
S1 – Well-being at work
S1/S2/S4 – Health and safety

E1 – Climate change mitigation
E1 – Climate change adaptation

S1 – Diversity, inclusion and harassment
prevention

E3 – Water

S1 – Employee remuneration
and benefits

S1 – Employability, talent and skills
management

S2 – Working conditions

S1/S4 – Personal data protection

S2 – Prevention of forced
and child labor
S4 – Access to (quality) information
G1 – Payment practices

Material due to our Principles of Action

Environment

294

G1 – Corporate culture

G1 – Management of relationships with suppliers

G1 – Corruption and bribery
(prevention, training, incidents)

G1 – Protection of whistle-blowers

Social

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Governance

Topic including
material opportunities

Topic including material
positive impacts

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Paragraph

✓

Time
horizons

II+

Downstream

Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions participating to climate change
Positive impacts on the environment and people through
decarbonization, including the development of new low-carbon
technologies (avoided emissions)

Name of the IRO*

Own
operations

Upstream

Topic & Sub-topic

Type

Position
in the value chain

ENVIRONMENTAL
E1 Climate change
Climate change
mitigation

Energy (in climate
change mitigation)
Climate change
adaptation

✓

✓

S, M, L 2.2.1

✓

✓

M, L

✓

2.2.1

Growing new customer segments and development of new business

O

✓

M, L

2.2.1

Risks related to technology competitiveness and market adoption
of low-carbon technologies
Risks from evolving climate regulations, international standards,
and associated stakeholder expectations
Cost and availability of energy, decarbonized energy and feedstock
currently consumed, including risks stemming from energy transition
policies and regulations

R

✓

M

2.2.1

R

✓

S, M

2.2.1

R

✓

✓

S, M, L 2.2.1

Disruption of production due to physical impact on operations by acute R
or chronic risks
Reduction of industrial gases needs after disruption of customer
R
production due to physical risks
Deterioration of working conditions due to chronic risks
I-

✓

✓

L

2.2.1

✓

M, L

2.2.1

✓

S, M, L 2.2.1

✓

✓

✓

✓

E3 Water and marine resources
Water

Water withdrawal and consumption in areas of water stress, potentially Ileading to conflicts for water with ecosystems and local communities
Regulatory constraints on water use
R

M, L

2.3.1

✓

M, L

2.3.1

Water scarcity, especially in areas of water stress leading to disruption R
of production or higher costs

✓

M, L

2.3.1

Supporting employees in skills development towards more sustainable
jobs driven by Air Liquide transition plan
Risk of degraded operations or efficiencies due to high turnover rate
and lack of employee qualification
Absence or insufficient level of social dialogue due to disparities
in local and legal contexts
Potential endogenous and exogenous impacts on employees' health,
safety and security
Exposure of employees to potential biases in human resources
processes or to incidents of discrimination, harassment and violence
in the workspace

I+

✓

M, L

3.1.7

R

✓

S, M

3.1.7

I-

✓

S

3.1.2

✓

S

3.1.3

I-

✓

S, M

3.1.4

Potential disparities between employees depending on countries,
relating to remuneration and care coverage (incl. adequate wage
and gender pay gap)

I-

✓

S, M

3.1.5

Offering to employees a social care coverage that goes beyond local
obligations
Potential excessive working hours or workload, psychosocial risks
and occupational diseases deteriorating workers’ health, work-life
balance and engagement

I+

✓

S

3.1.5

I-

✓

S, M

3.1.6

Digitalization and rapid technological development that transform
working practices, potentially challenging employees habits
and adaptation capabilities

I-

✓

S, M

3.1.6

Digitalization and transformation of working practices,
such as remote working

I+

✓

S, M

3.1.6

SOCIAL
S1 Own workforce
Employability,
talent and skills
management
Social dialogue
Health and safety
Diversity, inclusion
and harassment
prevention
Employee pay
and benefits

Well-being at work

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

I-

✓

AIR LIQUIDE

295

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Time
horizons

Paragraph

Downstream

Breach of employees privacy, including the use of prohibited personal
data for discriminatory or unfair purposes
Legal and reputational risks after breach of employees' personal data

I-

✓

S

3.1.8

R

✓

S, M

3.1.8

S

3.2.1

M

3.2.1

✓

S, M

3.2.1

I-

✓

S

3.2.1

I-

✓

S

3.2.1

S

3.3.1

Upstream

Name of the IRO*

Personal data
protection

Type

Topic & Sub-topic

Own
operations

Position
in the value chain

S2: Workers in the value chain
Health and safety

Work-related incidents or occupational diseases having negative
Iimpacts on the health and safety of suppliers' employees
Delivery of defective equipment or products, potentially affecting
Icustomers' employees health
Working conditions Deteriorating working conditions for employees of Air Liquide’s
Isuppliers due to potential job insecurity, abuse of overtime, inadequate
remuneration, psychosocial risks or occupational diseases

Prevention
of forced labor
and child labor

Limited access to whistleblowing systems and subsequent remedy
and protection for workers in the value chain
Unfair employment conditions leading to forced or child labor
in the value chain

✓
✓

S4 Consumers and end-users
✓

I-

✓

Personal data
protection

Invasion of patient privacy, including the use of personal and health
data for discriminatory or abusive purposes
Legal and reputational risks after breach of patients’ personal data

R

✓

S, M

3.3.1

Access to (quality)
information
Health and safety

Providing patients with useful, accessible and adapted information on
the use of products and on their pathology, compliant with regulations
Delivery of unsafe or unsuitable products to patients

I+

✓

✓

S

3.3.1

I-

✓

✓

M

3.3.1

Potential employee failure to comply with Air Liquide's Principles of
Action or Code of Conduct, resulting in legal or reputational damage
Potential lack of protection or retaliation against whistleblowers

R

✓

L

4.1.2

GOVERNANCE
Corporate culture
Protection
of whistleblowers
Corruption
and bribery
Management
of relationships
with suppliers
Payment practices
Relations with the
public sphere

Potential breach of legal obligations, including regarding whistleblower
protection, exposing the Group to sanctions or reputational damages
Potential failure to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws
exposing Air Liquide to claims, sanctions and reputational damages
Failure to address suppliers' environmental and ethical negative
impacts
Supply chain disruption and exposure to litigation due to supplier
negative impacts
Delayed payments putting small and medium-sized suppliers' (SMEs')
cash at risk, potentially leading to bankruptcy
Advocacy-related risks, including non-anticipated regulatory changes
and practices undermining the Group's reputation

I-

✓

S

4.1.2

R

✓

M

4.1.2

R

✓

M

4.1.2

S

4.1.2

S,M

4.1.2

S

4.1.2

M

4.1.2

I-

✓
✓

R
IR

✓
✓

I-: Negative Impact; I+: Positive Impact; R: Risk; O: Opportunity; S: Short term; M: Medium term, L: Long term
*

296

The shift from 62 material IRO in the 2024 report to the 41 material IRO presented in this table exclusively results from a thematic grouping. This change aims
to enhance clarity while maintaining the information exhaustiveness.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

On the basis of the sustainability topics identified as material, the
Group identified the information required by the CSRD. The
materiality of the information was assessed at the level of each
topic, by the internal expert in charge, taking into account the
relevance of this information with regard to the topic to which it is
related, as well as the usefulness of this information in the
decision-making of a user of the Sustainability Statement.

■ renewable electricity production;

A small amount of information related to material topics was
deemed non-material from an information point of view. Such
information relates to the following subjects:

■ the amount of fines and penalties resulting from work-related
incidents.

■ carbon credits and carbon elimination;
■ the percentage of GHG emissions covered by the internal
carbon pricing mechanism;
■ stored water;
■ non-guaranteed hours employees;

1.6. LIST OF DATA DERIVING FROM OTHER EU LEGISLATION

ESRS E1-5
Energy consumption and mix
ESRS E1-5
Energy intensity associated with activities in high climate impact sectors
ESRS E1-6
Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions
ESRS E1-6
Gross GHG emissions intensity
ESRS E1-7
GHG removals and carbon credits
ESRS E1-9
Exposure of the benchmark portfolio to climate-related physical risks
ESRS E1-9
Disaggregation of monetary amounts by acute and chronic physical risk,
Location of significant assets exposed to significant physical risk
ESRS E1-9
Breakdown of the carrying value of its real estate assets
by energy-efficiency classes

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

21e
30

✓

40d i

✓

40d ii
40d iii

Reference pages

European
climate law

✓

European
Benchmarks
Regulation

21d

Pillar 3

SFDR

Disclosure Requirement
ESRS 2 GOV-1
Board’s gender diversity
ESRS 2 GOV-1
Percentage of Board members who are independent
ESRS 2 GOV-4
Statement on due diligence
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Involvement in activities related to fossil fuel activities
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Involvement in activities related to chemical production
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Involvement in activities related to controversial weapons
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Involvement in activities related to cultivation and production of tobacco
ESRS E1-1
Transition plan to reach climate neutrality by 2050
ESRS E1-1
Undertakings excluded from Paris-aligned Benchmarks
ESRS E1-4
GHG emission reduction objectives
ESRS E1-5
Energy consumption from fossil sources disaggregated by sources
(only high climate impact sectors)

Data point
(paragraph)

The table below is aimed to meet the regulatory obligation of the European Union CSRD, ESRS 2, Appendix B, which contains a list of
sustainability-related data points from other European Union legislation (SFDR, Pillar 3, Benchmark Regulation, EU Climate Reference),
as well as a concordance table between these data points and their equivalent in the CSRD. This obligation requires issuers to identify,
within their Sustainability Statement, the paragraphs where the data points listed in Appendix B are located or, where applicable, the
indication that these data points are not material.

✓

103

✓

103
286

✓

✓

24

✓

✓

24

✓

✓

24

✓

24

40d iv

✓

14
16g

304

✓

✓

304

✓

✓

317

34

✓

38

✓

318

37

✓

318

40 to 43

✓

318

44

✓

✓

✓

318

53 to 55

✓

✓

✓

318
✓

56
✓

66

314
PI

66a, 66c

✓

PI

67c

✓

PI

AIR LIQUIDE

297

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

ESRS E1-9
Degree of exposure of the portfolio to climate-related opportunities
ESRS E2-4
Amount of each pollutant listed in Annex II of the E-PRTR Regulation
(European Pollutant Release and Transfer Register) emitted to air, water and soil

Reference pages

European
climate law

European
Benchmarks
Regulation

Pillar 3

✓

69

PI

28

✓

NM

9

✓

325

13

✓

325

14

✓

NM

28c

✓

328

ESRS E3-4
Total water consumption in m3 in relation to revenue generated
through own operations

29

✓

328

ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4

16a i

✓

NM

ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4

16b

✓

NM

ESRS 2- IRO 1 - E4

16c

✓

NM

24b

✓

NM

24c

✓

NM

24d

✓

NM

37d

✓

NM

39

✓

NM

14f

✓

348

14g

✓

348

20

✓

332

ESRS E3-1
Water and marine resources
ESRS E3-1
Policies related to water and marine resources
ESRS E3-1
Sustainable oceans and seas
ESRS E3-4
Total water recycled and reused

ESRS E4-2
Sustainable land/agriculture practices or policies
ESRS E4-2
Sustainable oceans/seas practices or policies
ESRS E4-2
Policies to address deforestation
ESRS E5-5
Non-recycled waste
ESRS E5-5
Hazardous waste and radioactive waste
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1
Risk of incidents of forced labor
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S1
Risk of incidents of child labor
ESRS S1-1
Human rights policy commitments
ESRS S1-1
Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental International
Labour Organization Conventions 1 to 8
ESRS S1-1
Processes and measures for preventing trafficking in human beings
ESRS S1-1
Workplace accident prevention policy or management system
ESRS S1-3
Grievance/complaints handling mechanisms
ESRS S1-14
Number of fatalities and number and rate of work-related accidents
ESRS S1-14
Number of days lost to injuries, accidents, fatalities or illness
ESRS S1-16
Unadjusted gender pay gap
ESRS S1-17
Incidents of discrimination
ESRS S1-17
Failure to comply with the UNGPs on Business and Human Rights
and the OECD Guidelines
ESRS 2- SBM3 - S2
Significant risk of child labor or forced labor in the value chain

298

SFDR

Disclosure Requirement

Data point
(paragraph)

Sustainability Statement

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

✓

21

332

22

✓

332

23

✓

335

32c

✓

332

88b, 88c

✓

88e

✓

97a

✓

103a

✓

104a

✓

11b

✓

✓

335
332

✓

340
332

✓

332
348

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

ESRS S2-1
Human rights policy commitments
ESRS S2-1
Policies related to value chain workers
ESRS S2-1
Failure to comply with the UNGPs on Business and Human Rights
and the OECD Guidelines

✓

19

✓

Reference pages

18

European
climate law

✓

European
Benchmarks
Regulation

17

Pillar 3

SFDR

Disclosure Requirement

Data point
(paragraph)

Sustainability Statement

350,
351
350,
351
✓

350,
351

✓

350,
351

ESRS S2-1
Due diligence policies on issues addressed by the fundamental International Labor
Organisation Conventions 1 to 8

19

ESRS S2-4
Human rights issues and incidents connected to its upstream and downstream
value chain

36

✓

350

16

✓

NM

17

✓

36

✓

NM

16

✓

354

17

✓

35

✓

354

10b

✓

NA

10d

✓

NA

24a

✓

24b

✓

ESRS S3-1
Human rights policy engagements
ESRS S3-1
Failure to comply with the UNGPs on Business and Human Rights, the ILO
principles and/or the OECD Guidelines
ESRS S3-4
Human rights issues and incidents
ESRS S4-1
Policies related to consumers and end-users
ESRS S4-1
Failure to comply with the UNGPs on Business and Human Rights and the OECD
Guidelines
ESRS S4-4
Human rights issues and incidents
ESRS G1-1
United Nations Convention against Corruption
ESRS G1-1
Protection of whistleblowers
ESRS G1-4
Fines for violation of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws
ESRS G1-4
Standards of anti-corruption and anti-bribery

✓

✓

✓

NM

354

359
359

PI: Phased-in
NM: Non-material
NA: Not applicable

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

299

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

2. Environmental information
2.1. EUROPEAN TAXONOMY
2.1.1. Taxonomy Regulation
The European Union (EU) Taxonomy Regulation (EU Regulation
2020/852 published on June 22, 2020) defined, on a scientific
basis, a list of economic activities and the technical criteria that
allows said activities to qualify as environmentally sustainable. All
the texts constituting the regulation are available on the website
https://finance.ec.europa.eu/regulation-and-supervision/financialservices-legislation/implementing-and-delegated-acts/taxonomyregulation_en; the frequently asked questions are available on the
website
https://finance.ec.europa.eu/sustainable-finance/toolsand-standards/eu-taxonomy-sustainable-activities_en#faqs.
The Taxonomy Regulation has created a classification system
which should serve as a common language for investors to
identify the projects and conditions that will enable the chosen
economic activities to have a significant positive impact on the
climate and environment. As such, the Regulation is a tool aimed
to help investors and listed companies, financial institutions and
EU project sponsors direct their investments toward
environmentally sustainable activities as part of the transition
aimed to make the EU climate neutral by 2050.

The initial list of activities was established by focusing on nine
macro-sectors that generated more than 93% of the EU’s direct
greenhouse gas emissions in 2017 (OECD).
The activities listed in the Taxonomy Regulation are referred to as
“eligible”. While these activities are the major contributors to direct
GHG emissions, they also have the potential to be improved from
a carbon footprint perspective. As such, the eligibility
percentage of an organization, by itself, is not a measure of
its sustainability impact.
Economic activities are divided into three categories in the
Taxonomy Regulation:
■ activities for which technical criteria refer to performance levels
which comply with climate neutrality and limiting temperature
increase to 1.5 °C at a global level (i.e. in line with a net zero
carbon economy by 2050);
■ transitional activities for which there are no low-carbon
alternatives for the moment and for which greenhouse gas
emission levels are in line with the best performance in the
sector or industry;
■ enabling activities which improve carbon efficiency or facilitate
a significant decrease in emissions.

KEY ELEMENTS
As of 2025, Air Liquide has applied the materiality threshold principle newly introduced by Delegated Act 2026/73. Following a detailed
analysis, only the hydrogen production activity (CCM 3.10) is considered as “material” for the turnover and capital expenditure key
performance indicators. In addition, this year Air Liquide applies the exemption from publication of the operating expenditure key
performance indicator resulting from Delegated Act 2021/2178 (amended by Delegated Act 2026/73).
In 2025, turnover eligible under the Taxonomy amounted to 2.1 billion euros (equivalent to 7.7% of total consolidated turnover) compared
to 2.1 billion euros in 2024, restated following the application of the materiality threshold (equivalent to 7.8% of total consolidated
turnover). This change is mainly due to an energy impact, and, to a lesser extent, to a currency impact that is adversely affecting
hydrogen production activity.
An eligible activity is referred to as “aligned” if it complies with the following three conditions and if the requirements of the Taxonomy
Regulation can be documented:
■ it contributes substantially to one or more of the environmental objectives;
■ it does not significantly harm any of the other five environmental objectives;
■ it is carried out in compliance with minimum safeguards.
In 2025, aligned turnover per the Taxonomy totaled 0.1 billion euros (equivalent to 0.2% of total consolidated turnover and 3.0% of eligible
turnover), compared to 0.1 billion euros in 2024, restated following the application of the materiality threshold (equivalent to 0.2% of total
consolidated turnover and 2.3% of eligible turnover). This trend is primarily driven by the commissioning of projects fulfilling the Taxonomy
alignment criteria, thereby increasing the ratio of aligned over eligible turnover.
Turnover from activities not covered by the Taxonomy, referred to as “non-eligible”, totaled 23.1 billion euros (equivalent to 85.6% of total
consolidated turnover) and notably included the production of oxygen and home healthcare.
These ratios related to the turnover capture the situation of the existing production units. However, Air Liquide has drawn up a Climate
Transition Plan, presented on page 304 – paragraph 2.2, which is based on three decarbonization levers. Two of them cannot be fully
reflected by the Taxonomy indicators. Indeed, most of the Group’s activities are not eligible to the EU Taxonomy, in particular
activities derived from the production of air gases and Home Healthcare activity, as these generate virtually no direct greenhouse
gas emissions.
Nevertheless, investments related to the decarbonization of hydrogen units are eligible under the EU Taxonomy, with the aim of meeting the
alignment criteria wherever possible. This path is illustrated by the share of aligned capital expenditure among eligible capital
expenditure, which stood at 69.8% in 2025, compared with 55.8% in 2024, restated following the application of the materiality
threshold. Nevertheless, it should not be considered as a CapEx plan in the meaning of the EU Taxonomy.

300

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

2.1.2. Methodology
Application of the materiality principle
Materiality threshold
Delegated Act 2026/73 of July 4, 2025 allows non-financial
companies to opt out of assessing non-material activities if their
cumulative contribution to a key performance indicator is less than
10% of that indicator. This materiality threshold applies to both
eligibility and alignment, independently for each indicator. In order
to apply this principle, Air Liquide has implemented a multi-level
screening approach to identify its non-material activities.
Following this assessment carried out in 2025, only the hydrogen
production activity (CCM 3.10) is deemed material for turnover
and CapEx.

Operating expenditure (“OpEx”) materiality
OpEx as defined by the Taxonomy Regulation covers a much
narrower scope than the Group’s operating expenditures. These
OpEx amounted to 4,504.6 million euros in 2025. Income
statement lines relating to the OpEx KPI are “Purchases”,
“Personnel expenses” and “Other expenses”. These OpEx include:
■ direct expenses relating to the nature of the following costs
that are necessary for the production of products included in
the turnover KPI: personnel costs related to maintenance,
subcontracted maintenance and installation, rental and leasing
of real estate and transportation equipment and purchases of
materials related to maintenance;
■ expenses directly related to activities contributing to the
environmental objectives, such as direct non-capitalized
expenses for research and development or consulting fees in
the context of eligible activities, such as activity 9.3.
“Consultancy for physical climate risk management and
adaptation” under the climate change adaptation objective.
Delegated Act 2021/2178 (amended by Delegated Act 2026/73)
authorizes the non-publication of the operating expenditures
indicator when it is not material with regard to the company’s
business model. In accordance with this provision, Air Liquide has
chosen not to publish this indicator. As the definition of eligible
OpEx within the meaning of the Taxonomy is restrictive and
excludes structuring operating expenditures for the Group’s
decarbonization strategy, such as renewable energy purchases,
this indicator is not material with regard to Air Liquide’s business
model. Its publication would provide an unrepresentative view of
the Group’s sustainable development actions.

Key performance indicators (KPIs)
In accordance with the Consolidated Financial Statements, figures
relating to the two KPIs are provided in millions of euros, and the
conversion of foreign currencies is carried out according to the
same methodology and using the same exchange rates as those
used to prepare financial information.
■ Turnover: the first Taxonomy KPI is calculated by eligible
activity and by facility, based on external turnover (i.e.
excluding intra-group sales) as determined and published in

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

the Financial Statements under the “Revenue” line in the
income statement. If turnover by facility is not available by
activity in the meaning of the EU Taxonomy, the entities apply
a ratio based on volumes per product delivered by each
facility. Turnover corresponds to revenue from contracts with
customers as defined under IFRS 15.
■ Capital expenditure (CapEx): the second Taxonomy KPI includes
acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets completed during the period under consideration, including
those stemming from business combinations that result in the
acquisition of a company or business consolidated in the Group’s
Financial Statements. These additions are considered before
impairment, depreciation and amortization, and any revaluation. It
is calculated based on the internal management of investments.
Investment decisions exceeding 3 million euros are monitored
individually; every decision exceeding 3 million euros – 5 million
euros for Large Industry investments – is subject to a presentation
of its Taxonomy characteristics to the Resources and Investment
Committee. Capital expenditure related to these investment
decisions is monitored on a per-project basis. Capital expenditure
of less than 3 million euros is monitored by production site.
The lines in the Financial Statements that correspond to the
CapEx KPI are included in note 11 “Other intangible assets”, on
the line “Total gross intangible assets” of the columns
“Acquisitions” and “Acquisitions related to business combinations”;
and in note 12 “Property, plant and equipment” of the “Total
property, plant and equipment” line under the “Acquisitions” and
“Acquisitions related to business combinations” columns.

Eligibility and alignment criteria
The information presented below takes into consideration the
activities identified for the six environmental objectives (in 2025,
only the hydrogen production activity is considered “material”
under the Taxonomy Regulation).
Individual improvement measures are analyzed on a case-bycase basis in order to consider them CapEx eligible KPIs.
The Group assessed the alignment criteria based on the following
methodology:
■ Substantial Contribution: the criterion being specific to each
activity, the Group adopted an activity-by-activity approach
applied to each facility, relying on internal data collected in the
course of its operations.
For the eligible activity of manufacture of hydrogen, each
facility underwent pre-screening to identify potentially aligned
sites, for which an alignment assessment was performed,
notably by calculating the carbon footprint of the hydrogen in
accordance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation;
■ Do No Significant Harm: the assessment was conducted at the
level of each potentially aligned facility or investment project
that satisfies the Substantial Contribution criterion and relied
notably on environmental permits issued by authorities or
environmental impact assessments;

AIR LIQUIDE

301

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

■ Minimum Safeguards: the assessment covered four dimensions:
(i) human rights, including labor law, (ii) prevention of corruption,
(iii) taxation, and (iv) fair competition. It relied upon:

– the absence of serious negative impacts or events related
to the four dimensions (notably the absence of serious
breaches or convictions).

– processes applied by the Group, including but not limited to
the Code of Conduct, the EthiCall whistleblowing system,
the Group’s Sustainable Procurement policy, the Vigilance
Plan, the prevention measures relating to corruption and
fair competition, and the tax risk management policy. These
processes are further described in Chapters 2 and 5.
Regarding human rights and the prevention of corruption,
the assessment encompassed the supply chain,

Where the assessment could not be sufficiently evidenced, the
Group adopted a conservative approach and did not consider the
eligible activity as aligned.
Besides, no activity has been identified as eligible for the objectives
of sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources
and protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.

2.1.3. Taxonomy key performance indicators (KPI)
The detailed tables of the Taxonomy’s key performance indicators are presented on page 364 – paragraph on EU Taxonomy.
Hereafter a recapitulation of the eligibility and alignment ratios for each of the Taxonomy’s key performance indicators:
Turnover

Capital expenditure

KPI – Eligible activities

Proportion (%)

7.7%

13.6%

KPI – Aligned activities

0.2%

9.5%

Ratio of aligned/eligible activities

3.0%

69.8%

Air Liquide’s eligible activities represent a small portion of the
Group’s activities, reflecting the fact that the majority of
Air Liquide’s turnover is generated from activities with almost
no direct greenhouse gas emissions within the Group’s scope.
Following a detailed analysis, only the hydrogen production activity
(CCM 3.10) is considered “material” for the turnover and capital
expenditure key performance indicators.
The activities assessed as “non-material” (equivalent to 6.7% of
total consolidated turnover and 2.7% of the Group’s capital
expenditure) are as follows:
■ the design and construction of industrial facilities and
equipment for third parties, in particular air gas separation and
hydrogen production and purification units, as well as the
development of carbon capture technologies;
■ the design of hydrogen refueling stations, the development of
multimodal and sustainable solutions to supply a full range of
gases for the maritime industry, as well as disruptive
equipment and technologies, in particular for deep tech, space
launchers, satellites, international research projects and
quantum computing.

Proportion of turnover (%)

■ Storage of hydrogen, electricity generation from fossil gaseous
fuels, electricity generation from renewable non fossil gaseous
and liquid fuels, electricity generation using solar photovoltaic
technology, renovation of existing buildings, data-driven
solutions for GHG emissions reductions and close to market
research, development and innovation.

Turnover
In 2025, the eligible turnover under the EU Taxonomy corresponds
to the hydrogen production activity (CCM 3.10), and represents
2,080.9 million euros or 7.7% of total turnover. Aligned turnover per
the EU Taxonomy amounted to 62.0 million euros, or 0.2% of total
turnover and 3.0% of eligible turnover in 2025. As the eligible
revenue for the 2024 fiscal year was previously published without
applying the materiality threshold, therefore including activities now
considered non-material, a summary of eligibility and alignment
ratios, as well as the share of aligned turnover in eligible turnover
are presented below. This summary includes data for the 2024 fiscal
year, restated following the application of the materiality threshold:

2024 restated
2024 published for materiality threshold

2025

KPI – Eligible activities

11.8%

7.8%

7.7%

KPI – Aligned activities

0.5%

0.2%

0.2%

Ratio of aligned/eligible activities

4.3%

2.3%

3.0%

The change in eligible turnover is mainly due to an energy impact,
and, to a lesser extent, to a currency impact that is adversely
affecting hydrogen production activity.
Aligned turnover generated from hydrogen production is mainly
due to manufacturing units with a low carbon footprint. Excluding

302

■ acetylene, biogas, medicinal nitrous oxide production as well
as production from cogeneration plants.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

the energy impact, aligned hydrogen turnover will increase as
demand for low carbon footprint hydrogen increases, supported
by the rollout of policy and regulatory frameworks promoting new
usages of hydrogen as a key lever to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions from sectors such as industry and transport.

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Capital expenditure
It is defined in paragraph 2.1.2: it relates to capital expenditure
incurred on eligible activities during the 2025 fiscal year, but
stemming from investment decisions made in 2025 or in previous
periods. The eligible CapEx in 2025 corresponded to the
hydrogen production activity (CCM 3.10) and represented
567.3 million euros or 13.6% of the Group’s total capital
expenditure. Aligned CapEx represented 395.8 million euros, or

9.5% of total CapEx and 69.8% of eligible CapEx in 2025. As the
eligible CapEx for the 2024 fiscal year was previously published
without applying the materiality threshold, therefore including
activities now considered as non-material, a summary of eligibility
and alignment ratios, as well as the share of aligned CapEx in
eligible CapEx are presented below. This summary includes data
for the 2024 fiscal year, restated following the application of the
materiality threshold:

Proportion of CapEx (%)

2024 restated
2024 for materiality threshold

2025

KPI – Eligible activities

15.1%

13.6%

12.2%

KPI – Aligned activities

6.9%

6.8%

9.5%

Ratio of aligned/eligible activities

45.4%

55.8%

69.8%

Air Liquide has drawn up a decarbonization plan, presented on
page 304 – paragraph 2.2, which is based on three
decarbonization levers. At least two of these levers cannot be fully
reflected by the Taxonomy indicators. Indeed, most of the
Group’s activities are not eligible to the Taxonomy, in
particular activities derived from the production of air gases
and Home Healthcare activity, as these result in almost no
direct greenhouse gas emissions. Nevertheless, investments
related to the decarbonization of hydrogen units are eligible under
the EU Taxonomy, with the aim of meeting the alignment criteria
wherever possible. Nevertheless, it should not be considered as a
CapEx plan in the meaning of the EU Taxonomy.

Regulatory information
Adjusted key performance indicators in the event
of a sustainable bond issue
In May 2021, the Group issued its first green bond, for an amount
of 500 million euros and with a maturity of 10 years. The 2021
Sustainable Financing Framework provides for a period of two
calendar years for full allocation of funds, from the issue date, and
a refinancing period of up to three calendar years prior to the
issue date. 21 projects were financed by this issue, including 14
related to Taxonomy-eligible activities.
2025

On the basis of the 2024 Sustainable Financing Framework, the
Group has issued two green bonds for the amount of 500 million
euros each, with a maturity of 10 years: the first in May 2024,
financing six projects, three of which are eligible under the Taxonomy,
and the second in March 2025, financing six projects, three of which
are eligible for the Taxonomy. In accordance with the 2024
Sustainable Financing Framework, the full allocation of funds must
be reached within two years of the issue date, with a possible
refinancing period of up to two calendar years prior to this date. At the
time of this Document’s preparation, the allocation of funds for the
March 2025 issue has been finalized but has not yet been audited.
These three issues are described in more detail on the Group’s
website
https://www.airliquide.com/investors/credit-investors/
sustainable-finance.
The tables below present the adjusted key performance
indicators, by subtracting from the alignment ratios the projects
financed by the 2021, 2024 and 2025 emissions, in order not to
include the projects that have received this financing and thus
avoid double counting at the level of financial companies. The
ratios for these two indicators were calculated using the total
(A + B) as the denominator as published.

A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (taxonomy-aligned)
Published
Adjusted
of which enabling
of which transitional

Turnover

0.2%

0.2%

—%

—%

Capital expenditure

9.5%

2.6%

—%

—%

2024

A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (taxonomy-aligned)
Published

Adjusted

of which enabling

of which transitional

Turnover

0.5 %

0.4 %

0.2 %

—%

Capital expenditure

6.9 %

1.2 %

—%

—%

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

303

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

2.2. CLIMATE: GREENHOUSE
GAS EMISSIONS
2.2.1. Introduction
Governance of climate topics
The incentive mechanisms applied to the Group’s governance
bodies are addressed in Chapter 3 on page 143 – paragraph 2.

Climate strategy
Air Liquide’s transition plan
for climate change mitigation
Air Liquide first publicly announced its climate strategy at the
Sustainable Development Day held in March 2021. On this
occasion, the Group presented its climate objectives and the
levers mobilized to achieve them, indicating how this climate
strategy fits into the Company’s strategy. Subsequently, the
climate strategy was integrated into the Group’s strategic plan
(the ADVANCE plan) presented publicly in March 2022.
Progress on the implementation of the climate strategy and
related objectives is regularly presented to the Group’s
management and governance bodies, as well as to external
stakeholders in order to obtain their opinions and answer their
questions. In 2024, the Group adopted and published a document
named “Climate Transition Plan” consolidating and updating the
Group’s climate strategy in order to communicate it more widely to
its stakeholders.
The Group’s transition plan, covering the segment “Gas &
Services” representing 97% of the 2025 fiscal year turnover, was
reviewed and approved by the Group Executive Management. It
was reviewed by the Environment and Society Committee, a
specialized Committee of the Board of Directors, which presented
the main outlines to the Board of Directors during its meeting on
July 25, 2024. This Sustainability Statement, containing the
transition plan in respect of ESRS E1, Chapter E1-1, was adopted
by the Board of Directors during its meeting on February 19, 2026.
Air Liquide recognizes the climate emergency and the Group
strives to participate in the implementation of the Paris
Agreement (1). Since this means reaching a state of zero net CO2
emissions by around the middle of the century as recommended
by the IPCC (2), the Group is committed to contributing to
achieving this carbon neutrality – understood as a massive CO2
emissions reduction in the atmosphere in the different sectors of
economic activity and different regions – across all value chains in
which it operates by 2050, while supporting the decarbonization of
its customers, covering Scopes 1, 2 and 3 and integrating the
positive impacts of the Group’s products and solutions on its
customers’ emissions. The Group’s intention is to minimize the
use of offsetting instruments. As of today, the Group does not plan
to use carbon credits to achieve its 2035 objective (described
opposite). For example, to date, the Group has not made use of
carbon credits to manage its CO2 trajectory.
In the context of a transition to carbon neutrality, many industries
will be profoundly reshaped, generating renewed needs for
Air Liquide’s historical products: hydrogen, air gases and CO2. As
a result, Air Liquide has a key role to play by providing its
operational and technological expertise:
■ to support the transition of its existing customers to low-carbon
processes, which will require large quantities of low-carbon
industrial gases (e.g. low carbon fuels, chemicals, steel, etc.);

all this while continuing to bring greater efficiency to the health
sector and the many industries that will need the essential small
molecules and solutions provided by the Group to reduce their
carbon footprint.
To play this role of facilitator, the Group will be able to rely on:
■ its proximity to customers and its geographically balanced
presence;
■ its portfolio of technologies to decarbonize industrial
processes, enabling competitive emission reductions on a
transition trajectory of 1.5 °C;
■ its market knowledge and expertise, with many investment
opportunities expected in the energy transition by 2035.
It is important to note that the Group’s solutions and business
model enable it to decarbonize its existing assets, build a lowcarbon asset base – and thus effectively manage transition risk –
while seizing growth opportunities. Consequently, investments in
decarbonization will fuel the Group’s growth; they will bring
economic and environmental value to the Group’s customers, thus
generating additional operating income recurring. The transition
plan is an integral part of the Group’s strategy, as demonstrated
by the integration in 2022 of the CO2 emission inflection objective
(scopes 1 and 2) around 2025 in the ADVANCE strategic plan, an
objective that has now been achieved (see page 318 –
paragraph 2.2.5).
With the Paris Agreement, signatory countries around the world
committed to “substantially reduce global greenhouse gas
emissions to hold the global temperature increase to well below
2 °C above pre-industrial levels and pursue efforts to limit it to
1.5 °C above pre-industrial levels”. This commitment, which
concerns States, then resulted in an estimate of a maximum
amount of net greenhouse gas emissions to be emitted by 2050
(or carbon budget), at which date the net emissions per year
should be zero and gross emissions reduced by at least 90% (in
line with the interpretations of the IPCC recommendations). The
transposition of “1.5 °C compatible” trajectories for the planet to
specific companies is proving complex.
A strong normative approach under which all geographical areas and
all sectors follow the same reduction curve is not appropriate. On the
contrary, carbon neutrality transition scenarios highlight different
trajectories depending on the geographies and sectors of activity. In
particular, there are no trajectories of this type adapted to the
chemicals sector, and even less so for the industrial gases segment.
Air Liquide’s carbon trajectory incorporates two additional features.
On the one hand, the Group’s growth is partly achieved in heavy
industry segments, particularly in emerging economies that have
more carbon-intensive 1.5 °C trajectories, notably in the short
term. On the other hand, while Air Liquide provides solutions to
considerably reduce the emissions of certain industrial activities,
the remaining emissions after implementation of reduction projects
will sometimes be reported by the Group, which increases the
Group’s carbon footprint despite a resulting reduction in regards to
the planet. The climate benefits provided by the Group are not
currently taken into account in the analysis of the compatibility of
climate objectives, even though they are an important component.
The Group’s carbon neutrality objective incorporates these two
dynamics. Evaluating it using generic average methodologies
therefore tends to underestimate the level of Air Liquide’s
ambitions and their compatibility with a 1.5 °C trajectory.

■ to meet the decarbonization needs of sectors that do not
currently consume industrial gases in their main processes
(e.g. mobility, cement and lime, etc.);

(1)

(2)

304

At the same time as actions aimed at reducing global greenhouse gas emissions, in accordance with this plan, the Group is actively engaged in the pursuit of
other sustainability objectives. These actions are not detailed here, but can be found in other sections of this Chapter 5.
Special report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Global warming of 1.5 °C (SR-15, 2018).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

■ the “hard-to-abate” nature of heavy chemical and industrial
activities. It is recognized that these will decarbonize at a
slower pace than the global average over a trajectory of
1.5 °C, (2) as the development and implementation of
decarbonization projects in these sectors can take time (3), and
often depend on the prior decarbonization of other sectors, in
particular the electricity sector;
■ the Group’s activities will continue to develop to meet the
needs of the energy transition (as explained opposite). This
development may lead to an increase in residual emissions
recognized in the Group’s carbon footprint, even though
emissions to the planet are decreasing significantly.
Scope 3 “Gas & Services” emissions are covered by the ambition
of carbon neutrality and are already the subject of initiatives to
reduce them. These emissions are not currently covered by a
medium-term quantitative reduction objective. These are
emissions over which the Group has limited influence. Thus,
priority was given to short-term Scopes 1 and 2 emissions.
Furthermore, current accounting methods do not allow the
development of monitoring indicators that would enable a global
action plan to be rolled out. The first step implemented by the
Group is to improve the precision of the emission factors used so
that Scope 3 emission reduction actions are adequately reflected
in the reporting, the objective being to move from statistical
“spend-based” emission factors to supplier-specific data that more
accurately reflect the actual carbon footprint of the Group’s
purchased goods and services (see page 318, paragraph 2.2.5 for
2025 developments). In addition, the absence of sectoral
guidelines on the level of ambition concerning the reduction of
Scope 3 emissions for industrial gas companies does not enable
the use of an external benchmark to assess the adequacy of the
level of ambition.

especially in the sub-industrial gas sector. Therefore, the Group is
not able to demonstrate quantitatively the compatibility of its
ambition with a 1.5 °C trajectory, given existing methodological
limitations.
However, the Group believes that the category “well-below 2 °C”
of the Group’s trajectory does not reflect Air Liquide’s ambition to
move towards 1.5 °C according to the Group, due to (i) its
operations in an industrial sector recognized as “hard to abate”,
(ii) a development in emerging economies with specific
decarbonization trajectories, (iii) activities generating emissions
for the Group but allowing significant reductions on a planet scale.
Thus, the carbon trajectory pursued by the Group has a similar
profile to the 1.5 °C scenarios of the International Energy Agency
(IEA) for “hard-to-abate” sectors.
All of these elements support Air Liquide’s view that the stated
ambition is compatible with a 1.5 °C scenario. Due to
methodological limitations, it is not yet possible for Air Liquide to
formally demonstrate quantitatively this 1.5 °C compatibility.
The IEA Net Zero Roadmap highlights several elements
supporting the Group’s analysis:
■ a decarbonization of industrial sectors, in particular “hard-to-abate”
sectors, that is taking place more slowly than decarbonization of
the electricity sector;

NET EMISSIONS BY SECTOR
IN “NET ZERO EMISSIONS” SCENARIO
15

Electricity
10

Transport
Gt CO2e

The trajectory towards carbon neutrality in 2050 is based in the
first place on an operational emissions trajectory (Scopes 1 and 2)
that includes a turning point in around 2025 and a -33% reduction
in Scopes 1 and 2 emissions in 2035 compared to 2020 (1). The
objectives having been announced in 2021, 2020 was chosen as
the reference year. This year is considered representative, despite
a slight decline in the Group’s activity due to the covid-19
pandemic. Due to a 2025 (tipping point) and 2035 (-33% reduction
in Scope 1 and 2 emissions) target, the Group has not formalized
a 2030 crossing point. Given the challenges of decarbonizing the
multiple markets served by the Group and the following reasons,
Air Liquide believes that this carbon trajectory is compatible with a
1.5°C trajectory:

5

Industry
Building
Other

0

Air Liquide’s carbon neutrality by 2050 methodology and ambition
were the first in its sector to be publicly disclosed.
The Group’s 2035 objectives, submitted to the Science Based
Targets initiative (SBTi), were validated as being aligned with “well
below 2 °C” in 2022, based on the standard cross-sector
approach (ACA (4)). This approach does not take into account the
specificities of the industrial gas segment in the chemicals sector,
nor the Group’s geographical footprint. There is currently no
recognized method to judge the compatibility with a 1.5 °C target
of the ambition of a company operating in the chemical sector,

(1)

(2)
(3)

(4)

-5
2010

2030

2050

Source: International Energy Agency, "Net Zero Emissions" Scenario
from the 2025 World Energy Outlook report.

Restated to take into account asset emissions for the full year, from 2020 and every year thereafter, taking into account (both upwards and downwards)
changes in scope that have a significant impact on CO2 emissions.
International Energy Agency (IEA) Net Zero Emissions Scenario from the 2025 World Energy Outlook report.
For example, the supply of zero-carbon electricity through a power purchase agreement enabling the development of a major renewable electricity production
asset may take four to ten years (such as the identification, development and construction of a solar or wind farm project). Similar lead times can be expected to
ensure the supply of substantial volumes of fuel or biogenic raw materials or to establish a carbon capture and storage supply chain.
Absolute Contraction Approach.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

305

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

■ differentiated decarbonization dynamics depending on the geographical areas, in order to take into account different levels
of economic and industrial development;

Emerging markets
and developing economies

Advanced economies

14

28

12

24
Net emissions

Gt CO2

10

20

8
6
4

16
12

Gross emissions

8

2

4

0

0
Gross removals

-2
2010

2030

-4
2050

2010

2030

2050

As a group, advanced economies reach net zero emissions before emerging markets and developing
economies, and also achieve net negative emissions by 2050.
Source: International Energy Agency, "Net Zero Emissions" Scenario from the 2024 World Energy Outlook report.

■ the need to scale up a set of technologies, the deployment of
which requires rapid and ambitious evolution of regulatory and
political frameworks, and in particular internalizing the cost
of carbon;
■ the visibility and stability of these regulatory and political
frameworks, essential for investments in infrastructure or longlife industrial equipment.
The Group’s emission reduction levers are consistent with those
identified by the IEA as necessary to achieve a 1.5 °C trajectory
for global emissions:
■ rapid decarbonization of electricity grids, mainly through the
development of renewable or nuclear power generation
sources, with a massive reduction in coal-fired electricity and
steam production;
■ development of CO2 capture and storage, especially for
industrial sectors with a limited number of technologically
mature levers to achieve carbon neutrality;

The Group’s Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions come from a limited
number of assets and countries. 60% of direct Scope 1 emissions
come from less than 15 production units and 80% of indirect
Scope 2 emissions related to electricity consumption come from
six countries. Emission reduction targets therefore require the
activation of a few carefully identified levers, which are closely
linked to global actions to mitigate climate change:
■ a supply of renewable or low-carbon electricity to supply both
the Group’s existing assets and growth, and which will benefit
from the decarbonization of electricity grids in the various
regions where the Group operates;

■ development of biofuels and renewable raw materials.

■ asset management, including the electrification of Air
Separation Units (currently using steam as their energy
source), industrial efficiency projects, the development of
hydrogen production by electrolysis of water, and even the
supply of certain Group units with biogas;

These conditions are considered necessary for the implementation
of the reduction levers identified by the Group. For example, the
Group will only source renewable electricity if the corresponding
capacity is effectively built, and if the transportation and distribution
networks as well as the electricity market design are adapted to

■ carbon capture, as part of major decarbonization projects for
industrial areas around the world, making it possible to
decarbonize existing hydrogen production while meeting the
growing need for large volumes of low-carbon hydrogen as
part of the energy transition.

■ development of the use of low-carbon or renewable hydrogen as
an energy vector, especially in the industrial and mobility sectors;

306

these new sources, particularly intermittent sources. Similarly, the
deployment of certain emissions reduction technologies such as
CO2 capture or water electrolysis remains conditional on the
implementation of the assumptions underlying “Net Zero”
scenarios such as the IEA’s Net Zero Emissions scenario.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

The actions associated with the three levers described below each contribute approximately one-third of the decarbonization
to be achieved to meet the 2035 objectives:

Lever

CCUS

Asset
Management

Zero-Carbon
electricity
sourcing

Action

Key success factor

Limited number of SMR
shift to CCUS or low-carbon
ammonia cracking

Carbon pricing/
carbon sink availability

Limited number of SMR shift
to low-carbon sourcing

Low-carbon feedstock
availability

Cogeneration units shift to low-carbon
and/or peak load usage

Competitive low-carbon
sourcing

Efficiencies (including investment
in leakage reduction equipment)

Successful operational
excellence deployment

Fleet conversion to low
or zero-carbon electric vehicles

Local infrastructure
and market mechanisms

50% electrification of Steam-Driven
air separation units

Customer process design
update

Zero-Carbon electricity
sourcing

Renewables availability
and market mechanisms

2035 impact

~

3-4 Mt

~

5-7 Mt

~

5 Mt

CCUS: Carbon Capture, Utilisation and Storage.
SMR: Steam Methane Reformer.

The 2035 impact of each lever can only be given approximately.
Indeed, for each lever, the implementation of specific projects is
decided according to local conditions – such as the structure of
the electricity market, the access to low-carbon or renewable
sources of electricity, the development of CO2 transport and
storage infrastructure, the introduction of CO2 prices or incentives
for the development of markets for low-carbon products. Based on
the reference emissions (2020), which are 39.3 million tonnes of
CO2 emitted, the three levers could generate reductions in
emissions of 13 to 16 million tonnes of CO2, that is to say 33% to
41% of 2020 emissions.
As an order of magnitude, when electrifying a large air separation
unit, switching from steam to electricity as the source of the driving
force enables a CO2 reduction of up to 350,000 tonnes of CO2 per
year. This figure is doubled when switching to renewable
electricity. Installation of a CO2 capture unit “Cryocap Flue Gas™”
on a natural gas reformer hydrogen production unit reduces the
unit’s emissions by more than 90%, representing for large capacity
units a reduction of over 500,000 tCO2 per year. The impact, in
terms of reducing greenhouse gas emissions, low-carbon or
renewable electricity supply for an air separation unit ultimately
depends on the local electricity mix. For this reason, the Group
focuses its efforts particularly on regions where electricity is still
very largely fossil, especially coal, such as South Africa or China.

These decarbonization levers for the Group’s assets and
industrial operations also enable the Group to develop new
offerings for its customers in order to decarbonize their own
products and processes, in particular by developing low-carbon
gas offerings such as the Eco-Origin offer or low-carbon or
renewable hydrogen offerings for industry and mobility, or by
developing CO2 management offerings (outsourcing to Air Liquide
of capture and liquefaction operations for CO2 emitted by its
customers’ industrial processes).
Over the period 2035-2050, the same levers will be used to
continue the transition towards an asset base compatible with a
“Net Zero” situation of the planet and to provide the industrial
gases required by the different industrial sectors and mobility,
particularly heavy mobility:
■ low-carbon and renewable electricity supply for air gas
production units and for hydrogen production via electrolysis,
these production routes benefiting from the “Net Zero”
scenarios the rapid decarbonization of electricity mixes and the
investments that these scenarios provide in networks and
sources of flexibility;
■ use of alternative fuels and raw materials (bio-sourced, low
carbon or renewable ammonia or hydrogen);
■ production of renewable or low-carbon hydrogen through
reforming technologies with CO2 capture, possibly combined
with a bio-sourced supply.
These levers will be added to as and when possible innovations
in industrial gas production are developed.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

307

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Significant Scope 3 emissions associated with the Group’s Gas & Services activities come from various upstream and downstream
sources. Although it has little influence on these emissions, the Group has analyzed the various emission sources and identified the main
reduction levers that can be implemented in order to support the reduction of these emissions, which are summarized below for the
indirect emissions sources reported in Scope 3 that are considered significant (see page 318 – paragraph 2.2.5).

Significant Indirect
Emission Sources

Purchased goods, services,
and capital goods

Significant
Scope 3
Categories
Concerned

1
2

Action Levers of the Group

“Procure to Neutrality” Roadmap Implementation:
• Improvement of emission factors to reduce the use
of generic statistical factors
• Develop the Procurement community
• Prepare a reduction action plan

~ 25%

3

Dialogue with relevant suppliers to obtain reliable
emissions data and reduction commitments;
Use of alternative fuels and raw materials,
for example utilization of off-gas and biogases

Upstream electricity
and grid losses

3

Increase of renewable and nuclear electricity procurement,
actions on energy efficiency

Outsourced
product transportation

4

Dialogue with product transportation service suppliers
for fleet conversion

~ 2%

Utilization of products
that are greenhouse gases

11

Increase of biogenic CO2 sourcing
Development of offers aimed at reducing client
re-emission of products (abatement technologies,
substitution of gases)

~ 30%

Electricity supplied without
charge by clients on industrial
platforms

13

Dialogue with clients to influence their increase
of low-carbon electricity for their operations
and for the units supplied by the Group

~ 10%

Upstream activities
of fuel and raw materials,
mainly natural gas

1

The above figures do not include the share of emissions
corresponding to Category 11 for sales of equipment to third
parties – corresponding to the activities reported in the
Engineering & Technologies segment. As indicated on page 318 –
paragraph 2.2.5, the equipment sold by the Group is likely to emit
CO2 throughout its lifetime, in proportions that depend on the type
of equipment, the uses chosen by the customers, as well as the
decarbonization of the electricity grids on which they will be
operated by the customer. In the 2025-2050 period, in a 1.5 °C
scenario, the Group’s customers can reduce these emissions by
activating levers similar to those implemented by the Group to
reduce its emissions. In such a 1.5 °C scenario, the Group
expects that equipment sales will accompany the decarbonization
of the planet and evolve towards sales to third parties (i) of
facilities to produce low-carbon or renewable industrial gases
necessary for a low CO2 emissions industry which is compatible
with a 1.5 °C trajectory and (ii) equipment needed to reduce
emissions, such as Cryocap™ units to capture emissions in heavy
industry sectors in which emissions reduction is difficult. In
addition, most of the equipment or installations sold mainly
consume electricity whose carbon content decreases rapidly in
“Net Zero” scenarios, such as the Net Zero Emissions scenario of
the International Energy Agency.
The CO2 trajectory anticipated by the Group in its transition plan
shows the expected evolution of the cumulative emissions of
existing assets, firmly planned assets and future assets not yet
decided. The locked-in emissions according to the strict definition

308

Share of Scope 3

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

~ 35%

therefore correspond to the emissions of the Group’s assets that
contribute significantly to emissions today and until their
decarbonization or end of life. As the Group manages its trajectory
on a global scale, by adapting each local decarbonization project
(specific levers implemented and timing) to regulatory changes
and customer requests, the locked-in emissions are not allocated
to specific assets. The Group’s carbon trajectory until 2050 thus
corresponds to the Group’s locked-in emissions.
Since the Group’s high-emitting assets provide essential products
and can be decarbonized at a competitive price based on a 1.5 °C
trajectory (assuming a consistent change in the cost of implicit or
explicit CO2 emissions): therefore, decarbonization of the asset
base is not currently identified as a major risk for Air Liquide.
In addition, based on the actions corresponding to the levers
identified, Air Liquide’s main production units can be competitively
decarbonized in a 1.5 °C transition scenario. This requires the
deployment of infrastructure, in particular energy, provided for by
these scenarios (electricity networks, massive availability of
renewable energy in particular, access to carbon storage sinks).
This competitiveness is assessed by comparing the
decarbonization cost estimates for the different levers with a CO2
price trajectory predicted by the models in a 1.5 °C scenario.
These assets also provide essential products for industry and
health, in particular to reduce the emissions and energy and
resource consumption of the Group’s customers.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

IMPLICIT CARBON PRICE IN 1.5 °C TRANSITION

Legend: Curve positioning, as an indication, the carbon price from which a decarbonization technology can be deployed in a sustainable way (this price may vary by
sector and geography depending on market conditions).

The actions to implement the three levers presented above
represent investments that are expected to primarily enable the
supply of decarbonized gases and services to Air Liquide’s
customers, particularly when renewing long-term contracts, thus
providing growth opportunities with economic value for the Group.
As a result, investments to decarbonize the Group’s assets, as
well as investments to capture growth opportunities in the energy
transition, are not subject to separated investment budgets and
are fully integrated into the Group’s industrial investment policy
and processes.

As indicated on page 300 – paragraph 2.1, most of the Group’s
activities are not eligible for the EU Taxonomy, in particular
activities derived from the production of air gases. Thus, only a
limited portion of the investments related to the transition plan are
included in the indicators of the EU Taxonomy Regulation.
Furthermore, Taxonomy’s operating expenditure is not material
with regard to Air Liquide’s business model. Indeed, the
structuring operating expenses for the Group’s decarbonization
strategy, namely renewable or low-carbon energy purchases, are
excluded from the scope defined by the Taxonomy.

Thus, the financing of the deployment of investments leading to
decarbonization of the Group’s assets and operations is integrated
into the Group’s investment envelopes, this investment may be for
certain projects completed by public investments, such as support
from the Innovation Fund set up by the European Union.

With reference to the three decarbonization levers mentioned
before, at least two cannot therefore be fully reflected by the
Taxonomy indicators.

In 2024, the Group updated its sustainable investment framework,
under which a third green bond issue of 500 million euros was
made in 2025 to finance growth investments enabling the Group’s
decarbonization, in addition to the green bond issues in 2021
and 2024.
Operating expenditure consists mainly of renewable and lowcarbon electricity purchases and is not subject to specific
monitoring. A portion of the future expenditure related to
renewable electricity purchases can be estimated by the
commitments in the renewable energy supply contracts signed by
the Group (see page 252 – note 29.2 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements).
Furthermore, the Group steers its trajectory on a global level, by
favoring areas in which the regulatory framework encourages the
decarbonization of heavy industry through the development of
markets for low-carbon products or by direct inducements for
industry decarbonization. Thus, the sequence of decarbonization
projects identified by the Group in its neutrality trajectory is not
fully determined in advance.

Moreover, following the application of the materiality principle
established by Delegated Act 2026/73 published on July 4, 2025,
the Group’s only eligible and material activity is the production of
hydrogen. The Group has announced significant ambitions in the
field of low-carbon hydrogen, either through growth investments
or through investments to decarbonize existing assets. The
implementation of these investments is dependent on local
hydrogen policies, as there is currently no harmonized definition
of “low-carbon” hydrogen at the global level. The Group could
thus make investments in low-carbon hydrogen that may prove
Taxonomy-non-aligned, due to the non-harmonization of
thresholds or criteria for the Taxonomy proving too complex to
document.
Since the Group’s activities are mainly related to the production of
industrial gases listed under NACE code 20-11, no significant
investment expenditure has been identified under NACE codes
B.05, C.19, D.35.1, D.35.3 or G.46.71. Only marginal capital
expenditure was identified for the NACE codes D.35.1 and
D.35.3, as they relate to capital expenditure relating to the
maintenance of cogeneration units, but it is non-material within
the meaning of the Taxonomy Regulation.

Moreover, the implementation of certain decarbonization levers (e.g.
the purchase of renewable electricity) does not require investments.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

309

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Air Liquide is not directly involved in the prospecting, extraction,
refining or distribution of liquid or gaseous fuels, with the
exception of sales of biomethane (non-fossil) and marginal sales
of compressed natural gas for customers in mobility. These sales
of products that may be considered as gaseous or liquid fuels are
below the thresholds provided for in Regulation (EU) 2020/1818
for these activities and the absence of notification of exclusion by
benchmark administrators makes the Group eligible for Parisaligned benchmarks.
Since the announcement of the climate objectives in March 2021,
the Group has been implementing its transition plan
by formulating actions at several levels:
■ implementation of training courses dedicated to the scientific
aspects of climate change and the energy transition. Following
a dedicated awareness-raising program in 2021-2022, these
training courses have been integrated into the various courses
of the World Business Lines and the Air Liquide University and
are offered to the Group’s employees each year;
■ implementation of dedicated processes for monitoring the CO2
trajectory, the annual review of decarbonization plans at
cluster level and the integration of climate issues into the
investment process (see page 43 – paragraph 3.2) including:
– the activation of various decarbonization levers to reduce
CO2 emissions related to the Group’s operations,
– the signing of low-carbon or renewable electricity
supply contracts,
– the modernization and improvement of the energy and
carbon efficiency of production units, such as the
electrification of Air Separation Units in China or South Africa,
– the development of CO2 capture projects on existing
hydrogen units for sequestration or reuse,
– the development of offerings and projects supporting the
decarbonization of the Group’s customers;
■ progress towards the objectives set by the Group is presented
on page 318 – paragraph 2.2.5. Scope 1 and 2 emissions for
the 2025 fiscal year are therefore decreasing by -13.0%
regarding comparable emissions for the reference year. See
details on changes compared to the previous year and to the
reference year on page 318 – paragraph 2.2.5.

Climate topics: impacts, risks and opportunities
Climate change mitigation
The impacts, risks and opportunities related to climate change
mitigation and energy consumption are identified through several
processes.
The impacts of greenhouse gas emissions, and of CO2 in
particular, are first identified through an active climate science
watch, drawing on scientific assessments, in particular from the
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) via their
Assessment Reports and their Special Reports (including the
special report produced with the IPBES (1) to determine the links
between climate change and biodiversity). These reports
document the expected impacts of climate change on ecosystems,
biodiversity and human communities, at different geographic
scales. The increase in global temperatures, that will be higher as
greenhouse gas emissions are greater, leads to a disruption of the
water cycle, an intensification of heavy rains and an increase in

(1)

310

the frequency of wet and dry periods and heat waves. Climate
change will also lead to increased sea level rise through warming
waters and melting of glaciers and polar ice caps.
The materiality of these impacts is assessed in light of the Group’s
direct greenhouse gas emissions, as well as its indirect emissions
associated with its electricity consumption. The Group monitors its
greenhouse gas emissions on a quarterly and consolidated basis for
Scopes 1 and 2, and calculates its Scope 3 greenhouse gas
emissions annually, as well as avoided emissions. All of the Scope 1,
2 and 3 emissions are published annually, detailed on page 318 –
paragraph 2.2.5. These emissions mainly come from the production
units of the Group, either in the form of direct emissions for the
hydrogen production units by reforming natural gas and cogeneration
units, either in the form of indirect emissions from electricity
generation consumed by air gas generating units. In the value chain,
most of the indirect emissions generated come from the supply of
goods and services, energy and raw materials of an energy origin, as
well as from the use by customers of certain specific products sold
by the Group, in particular when the products sold are themselves
greenhouse gases. The Group has established a multi-year
trajectory for reducing its greenhouse gas emissions (see
decarbonization targets above). This trajectory is broken down by
year in the form of a CO2 budget, monitored by the Group’s
Operations Control Department. Investment decisions for new
projects take into account CO2 budgets allocated at the regional
level, and are validated by the Resources and Investments
Committee (RIC). Each cluster (group of countries) is allocated a
CO2 budget for the year, setting a maximum amount of net emissions
generated by new investment projects. They are established at the
same time as the decision budget, so that emissions from ongoing
investment decisions are fully taken into account. They are the result
of dialogue between the clusters and the Group Operations Control
team in order to ensure compatibility with the Group’s objectives and
distributed in accordance with local contexts. Budgets are allocated
by Group Operations Control, and monitoring is reported to the
Resources and Investment Committees.
Impacts are also taken into account in the value chain. Two
policies related to sourcing (one general procedure, one
dedicated to sustainable sourcing) are applied in the Group and
aim to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions induced through its
consumption (Scopes 2 and 3). Air Liquide also contributes to the
decarbonization of its customers (see below), and translates its
impact through the calculation of avoided emissions. Lastly,
ongoing dialogue is established with all stakeholders on these
topics, governed by specific procedures. These include the My
Voice surveys for employees, or dialogue with investors through
the Investor Relations team. These programs aim to make the
most of Air Liquide’s interactions with the Group’s stakeholders.
The positive impacts are linked in particular to the Group’s
business model and technology portfolio. The Group provides
solutions to increase the efficiency of production processes or
decarbonize target markets (in particular, industry and mobility).
This involves, among other things, the development of new lowcarbon technologies and/or the use of Air Liquide gases and
services. The materiality of these positive impacts is measured
through several indicators, in particular estimates of the volume of
CO2 that can be avoided thanks to Air Liquide’s solutions.

Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

Risks and opportunities, as well as their materiality, are mainly
assessed through strategic analyses carried out by various Group
entities (subsidiary, business line, geography or at Group level).
These climate-related risks and opportunities are assessed using
the guide by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD) in its report on the publication of climaterelated financial disclosures. As explained below, these studies
analyzing the Group’s resilience against transition risks are
integrated into the Group’s management processes (review of
new investments, performance review of operational entities as
well as dedicated reviews of local decarbonization plans).
Climate transition risks refer to the financial, economic and social
risks associated with the transition from a carbon-intensive to a
low-carbon economy. Given the energy needs of the Group’s
operations, the transition risks identified include those related to
the supply of energy and raw materials. Policies and
regulations relating to the energy transition may have an impact on
their availability and cost, both for fossil and decarbonized energy.
The Group’s approach to transition risks follows a three-step
pattern: identification of potential sources of risk; establishment of
risk assessment procedures and preparation of risk mitigation
plans. Two types of processes can also be divided into: (i) forwardlooking control of investments and (ii) reviews of existing activities.
(i) Forward-looking control of investments
To ensure that future investments are compatible with a 1.5 °C
transition scenario (as described in the IEA’s Net Zero Emissions
scenario (1)), as well as with financial and extra-financial
commitments towards its shareholders, Air Liquide relies on the
investment process and in particular on the due diligence carried
out during the development phases of new production capacity
investment projects. In accordance with its investment process
procedure, the Group applies an internal carbon price in the form

of a shadow price taken from the International Energy Agency’s
low emissions scenarios. The projects are subject to review by the
Resources and Investment Committees (RIC), the governance
and operations of which are detailed on page 43 – paragraph 3.2:
■ starting in 2025, the Group’s methodology to assess the
viability and resilience of new major primary production
projects is evolving. The new process, currently being
deployed, entails analyses to reflect both anticipated market
conditions and more ambitious policies in line with a 1.5 °C
trajectory. These sensitivity analyses for new projects are
based on two separate scenarios involving different carbon
price trajectories. By default, and in the absence of specific
sector or geographic information, the scenarios are based on
the International Energy Agency’s low emissions scenarios.
First, a commercial viability assessment is carried out taking
into account the engagements announced by the country in
which the project takes place, based on government
communications or the latest versions of the International
Energy Agency’s “Announced Pledges” or “Stated Policies
scenarios (which include CO2 price projections). In addition,
when deemed relevant by the Market teams of the relevant
business lines, a resilience assessment is conducted in a
“1.5 °C” standard scenario to test the long-term resilience of
the project and its strategic alignment with a decarbonized
global economy, based on the price trajectories of the
International Energy Agency’s “Net Zero Emissions by 2050”
scenario, differentiated according to geography;
■ furthermore, whenever the annual Scope 1 and 2 emissions
for the associated investment or the customer’s annual
emissions exceed specific thresholds, the investments must
first go through an Emission and Energy Risk Committee (EEnrisk) in which technology, reputation and market risks are
taken into account. The results are then transferred to the RIC.

CO2 PRICES FOR ELECTRICITY IN SELECTED REGION BY SCENARIO
USD per CO2 ton

2035

2040

2050

126

Stated Policies Scenario
Canada

126

126

China

22

26

34

European Union

89

92

174

Japan

39

61

105

South Korea

52

62

75

Scenario “Net Zero Emissions” by 2050
Advanced economies with net zero emissions pledges

180

205

250

Selected emerging markets and developing economies*

125

160

200

25-50

35-85

55-180

Other emerging market and developing economies
*

Includes Brazil, China, India, Indonesia and South Africa.
Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2025.

This shadow price mechanism is a tool for analyzing project
viability and resilience, intended for investment decision-making
regarding primary production assets. It therefore covers future
Scope 1 and 2 emissions related to this expenditure. It does not
directly cover emissions from existing assets, for which the

(1)

Group’s business model and contractual clauses transfer CO2
risks downstream, but it ensures that the Group’s growth
trajectory is systematically analyzed against robust, sciencebased climate scenarios.

As in the Net Zero Roadmap (2021) and the updates provided by the World Energy Outlook reports (2023 - 2025).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

311

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

In addition, and in order to ensure any investment compromising
the compatibility of the Group’s objectives with a 1.5 °C trajectory,
the Group’s exposure to emissions is managed centrally via an
annual carbon budget. This budget is allocated to the various
regions and is revised each year, in line with climate objectives.
This trajectory is reviewed by the Environment and Society
Committee of the Board of Directors.
(ii) Review of existing activities
Another key dimension in the Group’s transition risk management
is that of its existing assets and activities. To assess this,
Air Liquide has rolled out a dedicated process, covering the four
risk dimensions recommended by the Task Force on ClimateRelated Financial Disclosures (TCFD): political and legal,
technology, market and reputation with time horizons to 2035 and
2050 and the differences stemming from the intensity of the risk
factor rather than its nature. A single level of risk is considered
covering the different time horizons. The Group carried out an
overall assessment when several time horizons applied. However,
managing the CO2 trajectory on different time scales involves
taking into account transition risks over multiple time horizons,
typically covering the “Year +1” horizon, the strategic plan horizon,
and the climate objectives announced for 2035 and 2050. Due to
the strong dependence on local conditions (policies and
regulations, structure of energy markets), a 1.5 °C transition
scenario is used, mainly in a qualitative manner within the
framework of a dialogue between internal stakeholders. The main
1.5 °C reference scenario used is the Net Zero Emissions
scenario of the International Energy Agency, which provides
relevant elements with regard to the Group’s activities: evolution
of energy markets, development of renewable electricity sources,
evolution of major industrial markets served by the Group such as
steel or petrochemicals, as well as technological developments,
for different time horizons and different regions of the world.
Cross-referencing with a local vision, in particular the policies and
regulations implemented and under discussion, allows the Group
to have scenarios covering the different dimensions of risks based
on the following methods:
■ screening and identification of risks: under the direction of the
Sustainable Development Department and in collaboration with
the Finance teams and the World Business Lines, a review of
the transition risk factors in a 1.5 °C transition scenario is
conducted. Impacts of the energy transition on the different
markets are taken into account during the various sectoral and/
or geographic market studies; technological impacts are taken

312

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

into account in technological watch studies carried out by R&D,
and can then be integrated into technological development
roadmaps. Monitoring of regulatory developments is
coordinated by the Public Affairs teams, liaising with the
business lines and operational entities concerned;
■ in-depth regional reviews: following the assessment carried out
by the central team, in-depth analyses are carried out in the
various geographies, with an analysis at asset level where
appropriate, taking into account the type of asset, its
production capacity, the market served and local
decarbonization policies.
The double materiality assessment has revealed four material
risks, as well as one material opportunity concerning the topic of
climate change mitigation:
(i) a technological risk, such as the obsolescence of existing
emitting technologies or processes, the cost of new lowcarbon technologies, and the risks associated with
investments in them;
(ii) a risk related to the markets served by the Group, which
may themselves be impacted by the need to reduce
emissions, particularly impacting the demand for industrial
gases in certain markets;
(iii) a political and legal risk, which can materialize in several
forms such as the implementation of CO2 pricing systems
(tax, quota market), regulations impacting the placing on the
market of certain types of products, or reinforcing obligations
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions;
(iv) a reputational risk, depending on how the Group’s emission
reduction targets and its performance are viewed
by stakeholders.
The material opportunity identified includes the positive
developments that the decarbonization of economies, and in
particular of industry and mobility, cause in relation to the
demand for the Group’s products and services, with the
development of new market segments, both in existing markets
and in new sectors.
These four risks and this material opportunity identified for the topic
of climate change mitigation were identified during the double
materiality assessment. They were further analyzed in more depth
by the Group, based on the work of the TCFD, to provide a more
detailed view that takes mitigation measures into account:

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Risk factor (a)

Importance

Risk assessment

CO2 emission
price increase

Higher cost
due to CO2 price

Low – potential costs are subject
to contractual pass-through provisions.

Mandates/regulations
on existing products
and processes

Mandates on low
Moderate – IEA scenario alignment
carbon H2 and CCUS (b) and positive regulatory signs.
regulation

Strengthened reporting
requirements

Cost of an improved
reporting process,
cost of transparency
for reputation

Opportunity assessment

Political and legal

Low – high-precision reporting
validated by external auditors
and enhanced disclosures
in the Sustainability Statement.

High – growth potential
in the low-carbon emission
manufacturing industry.
High – accelerated scale-up
of emerging value chains/potential
for cost differential reductions.
Moderate – improved knowledge
and management of climate measures
thanks to the requirements of the CSRD.

Technology
Substitution of existing
products with
lower-emission
alternatives

Low-carbon industrial
gas production

Low – Air Liquide is positioned
as a leader in the low-carbon H2 value
chain, as well as on all new low-carbon
industrial gas technologies. No substitute
products required for air gases.

High – opportunities increase related
to low-carbon hydrogen and industrial
gases demand.

Unsuccessful
investment
in new technologies

Inability to develop
new technologies on
time, at cost and in line
with market demand
Cost of electricity,
CCUS (b) or low-carbon
sourcing

Low – technologies development
with robust technological roadmaps,
with a long track record of success.

High – strong competitive advantage
in technology development, with
reduced time-to-market and a large
technologies proprietaries portfolio.

Costs of transition
to lower-emissions
technology

Low – reduction costs lower than implied
CO2 price in price trajectories in 1.5 °C
scenarios.
Markets

Change of customer
behavior

Customers likely
to disappear or who
do not need industrial
gases for their work

Low – Air Liquide has a diversified
customer base, due diligence for projects
evaluation (site, customer), a resilient
contractual structure and customer
proximity to anticipate changes.

Uncertainty
in the market signals

Uncertainty on the
outlook for hydrogen,
carbon capture and
storage and electricity
prices (for PPAs (c))

Moderate – risks on the energy price are
reflected in the contracts, market signals
are monitored, with a strong proximity to
customers. Advocacy ensures that market
signals are coming in clear and stable
regulatory frameworks.

Increased cost
of raw materials

Increased cost
of raw materials

Low – relatively low consumption
of critical materials.

Changes in consumer
preferences

Changes in the demand Low – industrial gases are involved
of end products of value in almost all manufacturing processes.
chains of the Group

High – potential for increased sales
of industrial gases and services
to meet new demand.

Reputation

Stigmatization of sector Stigmatization
of chemicals

Increased stakeholder
concern and negative
comments

Concerns of coalitions
(investors, NGOs)

Low – Air Liquide’s advocacy strategy
incorporates the use of scientific
pedagogy to highlight the industrial gas
need for all scenarios.
Low – Air Liquide has specific structures
for constructive dialogue with the
Group’s stakeholders.

High – sharp increase in industrial
use of gas in all geographies
and all decarbonization trajectories.

High – strong stakeholder alignment
capability ensured by specific structures.

(a) Climate-related transition risks were assessed according to the categories and examples of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD),
Final Report, 2017.
(b) CCUS: Carbon Capture, Utilization, and Storage.
(c) PPA: Power Purchase Agreement.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

313

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Climate change adaptation
This issue is one of the Group’s environmental risks. Air Liquide
operates in certain regions of the world exposed to changes
(in severity or frequency) in exceptional weather phenomena due
to climate change.
These can be broken down as follows:
■ acute risks, triggered by events such as natural disasters, the
frequency and severity of which are increasing: storms,
hurricanes, flooding, etc. These risks may relate to Air Liquide
sites located near the coast for example, or in regions affected
by hurricanes (the U.S. Gulf Coast, South-East Asia, etc.);
■ chronic risks, related to longer-term changes in climate
models and rising temperatures: rising sea levels, chronic
heatwaves in certain regions, changes in rainfall patterns and
an increase in their variability, the disappearance of certain
resources, etc.
These phenomena can slow down or interrupt the Group’s
operations or make them more costly. Its suppliers and customers
are also faced with these same risks, which can indirectly affect
the Group by reducing the demand for industrial gases. Some of
these climatic phenomena, such as heatwaves, could even have
an impact on working conditions.
A study was carried out in 2023, together with a consulting firm,
involving internal technical experts, in order to identify how the
physical risks related to climate change could impact the Group’s
activities and assets. To this end, assets related to key activities
were identified (ASU, HyCO, Cogeneration, Biogas, Industrial
Merchant and Electronics, representing more than 75% of sales)
and for each of them, the perils induced by the physical risks related
to climate change were assessed (drought, temperature, heat, flood,
fire, precipitation, cold, extreme weather conditions, geotechnics,
soil, weather and oceanographic conditions). Among these, the
main perils identified are drought, temperature, heatwaves and fire
because they have specific impacts on Air Liquide’s activities,
particularly in the way they affect industrial processes.
An exposure analysis was then carried out, based on both an
absolute approach (how will the assets be exposed to each peril)
and a relative approach (how will the assets be exposed
compared to the reference period of 1981-2010). Climate-related
perils were assessed on the basis of IPCC intermediate
(SSP2-4.5) and high (SSP5-8.5) emissions scenarios for the longterm horizon of 2040, using the consulting firm’s climate
simulation tool. These two scenarios were selected for their
scientific basis making it possible to model the evolution of the
various perils mentioned before, based on those listed in
appendix A “DNSH Adaptation” of the Taxonomy Regulation under
two high emissions trajectories. One (SSP2-4.5) is a “businessas-usual” scenario, where the level of emissions corresponds to
that of Nationally Determined Contributions and can be
considered probable. The second (SSP5-8.5) corresponds to a
very pessimistic scenario and serves as a “limit case” for risk
analyses. In this tool, for each of the climate scenarios studied, an
exposure is calculated for each of the various assets for each type
of peril, with the results then being consolidated by activity.
Starting with the Group’s more than 6,000 assets, the analysis
focused on the ~670 industrial assets, of which ~570 belonged to
one of the following categories: ASU, HyCO, Cogeneration,
Biogas, Industrial Merchant and Electronics. Non-industrial assets

(1)

314

were considered to present a risk that was not specific to
Air Liquide. A business interruption of these non-industrial assets
would not constitute a major risk for Air Liquide as a whole, as
they could be relocated if necessary.
Following this first generic mapping, work continues to refine the
understanding of the issues at the level of the various types of
Group assets, with a focus on the main industrial basins identified
by the Group.
The approach to identifying climate risks distinguishes between
physical risks and transition risks.
In 2025, Air Liquide enhanced its training resources for the entire
Group on climate-related physical risks. This work has resulted in
the creation of a documentation kit (including presentations and
instruction sheets) intended to raise awareness and train sites
exposed to priority climate hazards, thus supplementing the
existing procedure on physical risks, to frame climate resilience
assessments by clusters (groups of countries). It specifies the
climate scenarios to be used (SSP2-4.5 and SSP5-8.5 identified
by the IPCC), the time horizons in question (2040 and 2100) and
the scope of material physical risks (listed before) to be included.
At this stage, however, the impacts on the value chain have only
been partially assessed.
2025 was also an opportunity to continue raising awareness
among our plant design project teams, operating entities and R&D
teams.
Finally, climate vulnerability studies, based on the methods and
tools developed by international insurance companies, were
conducted on two pilot sites. These documented analyses enable
the Group to define the next steps to integrate the assessment of
climate-related physical risks into its overall risk management
process.
Due to the long life of the Group’s assets, no shorter-term
analysis is planned. Nevertheless, the current assessment of the
risks to the value chain is still partial (e.g. the impact of cold
waves on deliveries for the Industrial Merchant business), and will
be subject to further analysis.

2.2.2. Climate policy
Climate change mitigation
Air Liquide’s climate policy is an integral part of the BlueBook (1) and
covers the entire Group. The processes and actions described in it
are supervised by the Executive Committee. It recalls in its
introduction the impact of greenhouse gas emissions induced by the
Group’s activities on the environment and society, as evidenced by
the regular assessment and special reports of the Intergovernmental
Panel on Climate Change. The climate policy defines the way in
which Air Liquide assesses climate-related risks, impacts and
opportunities on its value chain, both in terms of mitigation and
adaptation, and how the Group responds to this through its
processes, monitors its performance (in particular by measuring its
carbon footprint) and communicates its performance to its
stakeholders. It also covers engagement with stakeholders such as
customers, employees, suppliers, public bodies or non-governmental
organizations, and specifies the roles and responsibilities of the
different internal entities. The rollout of renewable energy is
addressed through the guiding principles for energy management
and the training courses organized by the energy teams.

A global reference manual, the BlueBook brings together Air Liquide’s principles and key procedures and forms the basis of the Group’s internal control and risk
management system.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

The climate policy is then rolled out through the other principles
and procedures of the BlueBook, in particular by integrating, on
the one hand, items relating to the management of new capital
expenditure and purchases, and on the other hand by
emphasizing that the Group mobilizes three main levers, including
zero- or low-carbon energy supply to reduce its CO2 footprint. The
supply of renewable and low-carbon energy is governed by the
Energy Management policy in the BlueBook, which also covers
energy efficiency projects.
The climate policy is made available via the Intranet to all Group
employees, and therefore to all interested internal stakeholders, in
particular those involved in its implementation.

Transition risk management
and carbon neutrality trajectory
The Group addresses transition risks by combining several
approaches: ambitious emission trajectory targets to manage the
volume of emissions from the existing asset base and new assets
(trajectory towards net zero by 2050 including the target of a -33%
reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2035 compared to the
baseline of 2020 (1)), regulatory watch, technological development
and the development of low-carbon gas markets. The use of an
internal carbon price for new investments is one of the tools used
by the Group: as the Group’s emissions come mainly from
production operations, it needs to ensure that new industrial
investments are not at risk in a global trajectory compatible with
the Paris Agreement.
To this end, the investment process requires an analysis of the
project’s impact on the Group’s CO2 trajectory. Since 2025, a new
process is being implemented so that all major investments in
primary production capacity carry out sensitivity studies on the
future price of CO2.
All the relevant projects will have to incorporate sensitivity analyses
around low-emission scenarios during the due diligence process to
assess the viability, and when relevant, the resilience of the project.
To do so, the analysis takes into account the customer’s activities,
the CO2 price being contractually transferred to him (2). These
sensitivity analyses factor a notional CO2 price based on existing
policies as well as, when considered relevant, a “1.5° C”
compatible CO2 price trajectory. By default and in the absence of
precise sectorial or geographical information, CO2 price estimates
from the International Energy Agency scenarios are used. As part
of the viability analysis, the “Stated Policies” (STEPS) or
“Announced Pledges” (APS) scenarios are used to reflect existing
policies. The resilience analysis in a 1.5°C scenario relies on the
Net Zero Emissions scenario. As these analyses are applicable to
the Group’s new primary production industrial investments, they
cover most of the Group’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

(1)

(2)

For existing assets, the Group’s business model means that the
carbon price paid by the Group is contractually re-invoiced to
customers, thus significantly reducing the risk of impairment of the
assets concerned. In addition, due to the efficiencies that the
Group’s business models bring to its customers, the overall
emissions are lower than if the customers were to produce their
own industrial gases.
The Group’s climate strategy towards neutrality is based above all
on a drastic reduction in CO2 emissions from operations, as
described adjacent. The Group’s intention is to minimize the use
of offsetting instruments. For example, to date, the Group has not
mobilized carbon credits for the steering of its CO2 trajectory.
These may nevertheless be used from time to time by operational
entities, for example in the context of internal seminars, or for the
purposes of compliance with regulatory systems such as “quota
markets”, when such instruments are authorized. These uses are
marginal, are not reported at Group level, and are not taken into
account in the calculation of the carbon footprint communicated
on page 318 – paragraph 2.2.5, in accordance with best carbon
accounting practices.
It is recognized by organizations such as the IPCC and the IEA
that the use of offsetting instruments is necessary as part of a
global climate trajectory to limit the increase in temperatures
below 1.5 °C. Nevertheless, the use of carbon offsetting
instruments is controversial. Studies are currently underway, for
example as part of the SBTi, or through the GHG Protocol,
concerning their role and the type of instruments that can be
mobilized, in order to clarify how these instruments can be used
by companies within the framework of a “Net Zero” strategy.
For Air Liquide, offsetting should not replace emission reductions in
situations where they are possible, but only cover non-reducible
residual reductions, in particular via “negative emissions” (“removals”),
the quality of which must be guaranteed by recognized standards.
The Group aims to provide decarbonization solutions to its
customers based on an outsourced business model. Given the
existing accounting methodologies, in the context of projects
leading to massive emission reductions for the Group’s customers,
in particular, and for the planet in general, the residual emissions
resulting from these decarbonization projects are recognized in
Air Liquide’s carbon footprint. The Group anticipates that these
residual emissions will ultimately be offset by appropriate
instruments, while retaining a strategy based on a compatible
reduction trajectory. When the procedures for recognizing the use
of different types of offsetting instruments in the carbon accounting
standards and defining “Net Zero” objectives are clarified, their
role in the climate strategy will be specified.

Restated to take into account asset emissions for the full year, from 2020 and every year thereafter, taking into account (both upwards and downwards)
changes in scope that have a significant impact on CO2 emissions.
In Air Liquide’s business model, it is contractually re-invoiced to the customer, significantly reducing the risk of impairment of the assets concerned.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

315

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

2.2.3. Climate-related actions
Climate change mitigation
As mentioned on page 304 – paragraph 2.2.1, the Group has
defined actions corresponding to the three decarbonization levers
of Air Liquide’s Climate Transition Plan. Although each sub-action
that contributes to an action can occur at local level, all actions
are managed at Group level and include several geographical
sub-actions in order to contribute to Air Liquide’s Climate
objectives. The three decarbonization levers are as follows:
■ renewable or low-carbon electricity supply. This first lever is a
climate change mitigation lever that combines two types of
mitigation actions, the change in fuel type and the use of
renewable energy. This lever concerns the Group’s electricity
consumption, which is the main source of energy for
Air Liquide’s fixed assets;

■ asset management. This second lever is a climate change
mitigation lever that brings together several types of mitigation
actions such as the electrification of industrial assets or energy
efficiency. This lever applies to all of Air Liquide’s fixed and
mobile assets;
■ CO2 capture for geological storage or use. This third lever is
considered to be a lever for climate change impact reduction
through technological solutions to avoid the emission of CO2
from industrial units into the atmosphere.
The conditions and hypotheses allowing the implementation of
actions corresponding to the different levers are set out in the
“Climate strategy – transition plan” on page 304 – paragraph 2.2.

Key sub-actions that contributed to the Group’s achievements this year include:
Low-carbon energy

Asset management

Carbon capture

In 2025, Air Liquide saw the start of 3 TWh
per year of new low-carbon renewable
power purchase agreements (PPAs).
Furthermore, the Group is continuing to roll
out its strategy of prioritizing geographic
areas with high carbon-intensive electricity
grids and has thus signed its first PPA in
India. Globally, the Group has secured an
annual supply of 5.6 TWh (a) of low-carbon
electricity since 2020 through multi-year
PPAs, of which more than 4.5 TWh are
from renewable sources. Low-carbon
supply now represents 40% of the Group’s
total annual electricity and steam purchase
volume.

Following a €60 million investment
in Tianjin, Air Liquide continues to
modernize its production units in China
to improve operational efficiency and
reduce CO2 emissions. In 2025,
approximately €25 million was invested in
modernizing an Air Separation Unit (ASU)
in Yulin (Shaanxi province). This
modernized unit will allow a reduction
of 224,000 tonnes of CO2 emissions
per year and is expected to be operational
by the end of 2027.

Air Liquide began the construction
of a carbon capture facility using
Cryocap™, an innovative technology
developed by Air Liquide, in the Port
of Rotterdam. This unit will be connected
to the Porthos infrastructure project in the
Netherlands, which will reduce emissions
from an Air Liquide site in Rozenburg, while
also contributing to emissions reductions
for the major industrial area of Rotterdam.
The Porthos project is scheduled to
become operational in 2026.

(a) A contract for 0.2 TWh/year was also signed in 2018. The percentage of low-carbon supply mentioned below takes into account all contracted volumes,
including those from 2018.

The GHG emission reductions expected by each lever are
displayed on page 304 – paragraph 2.2.1. The GHG emissions
reductions achieved since the reference year are communicated
in an aggregated manner on page 318 – paragraph 2.2.5.

Actions were carried out in 2025 to structure and consolidate a
standard approach for the Group in terms of assessing exposure
to climate change risks and the responses to be provided,
including:

Climate change adaptation

■ creating a toolbox for subsidiaries to identify risk prevention
and reduction actions and assess the sensitivity of businesses
to identified risks. A concrete example is the drafting of
instruction sheets for flood, fire and heatwave risks in order to
make the organization aware of these risks before, during or
after they occur;

Climate change adaptation actions and resources are managed
by a central team whose role is to monitor and coordinate the
implementation of the climate risk management process. This
team works together with the operational teams and the teams
that coordinate new projects to develop the process of identifying,
exposing and adapting to climate risks such as members of the
Company risk management, HSE, insurance and sustainable
development teams. Regular meetings throughout the year are
planned to define the Company’s strategy and approach and to
validate the steps to be followed in order to fully integrate the
climate-related physical risks into the Group’s Industrial
Management System.

316

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

■ conducting a vulnerability study on two pilot sites, in
collaboration with experts from the insurance sector;
■ identifying the technological challenges related to adaptation to
climate change at an annual conference bringing together the
Group’s international experts. In particular, the focus on the
challenge of water availability in climate scenario projections
has led to the launch of an R&D program to develop an
internal water cost assessment tool.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

2.2.4. Climate objectives
Climate change mitigation
In March 2021, Air Liquide announced its climate objectives,
which are defined as follows:
■ an ambition to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, by reducing
its emissions throughout its value chain. The precise
quantification has not yet been provided, but the illustrative
trajectory presented to stakeholders highlights the ambition of
a significant reduction. Residual emissions would be
neutralized using high-quality carbon credits;
■ a clear milestone in 2035 with a -33% reduction in Scope 1
and 2 emissions compared to the baseline of 2020. The
objective covers absolute CO2-equivalent emissions reported
by the Group as Scopes 1 and 2 (1), in accordance with the
reporting scope of the Group’s direct emissions and indirect
emissions related to electricity and steam purchased by the
Group. The reference year 2020 was chosen because it
precedes the announcement of the climate objectives and is
considered a representative year; it is only restated to take into
account significant changes in the reporting scope or
accounting methodologies applied, in accordance with the
GHG Protocol guidelines (Corporate Accounting and Reporting
Standard, Chapter 11);
■ a turning point by 2025.
These targets aim to respond directly to the objective of mitigating
Air Liquide’s impact on the climate expressed in its climate policy.
The set of targets and the corresponding timetable have been set
in line with the science-based target of achieving a net zero state
for the planet by 2050, as expressed in particular by the IPCC in
its special 1.5 °C Report (2018). It takes into account the
specificities of the Group’s activities and business lines, taking into
consideration, notably when setting the target of -33% by 2035:
■ dependencies on policies and regulations, in particular with
regard to the development of markets for low-carbon products
as well as the development of production assets and relevant
infrastructure for low-carbon and renewable energy;
■ the time required for the industrial scale-up and rollout of new
technologies such as electrolysis. The development of the
2035 target compared available scenarios, such as the IEA
sustainable development scenario (SDS) available at the time

and the IEA “Net Zero” scenario, published for the first time in
2021. By way of illustration, the IEA lists the policies and
regulations that governments should put in place to enable the
transition to a net zero trajectory.
The 2020-2035 period corresponds to a typical contractual cycle
for the Group’s new investments; for this reason the target has
been defined over a horizon of 15 years. No targets have been
set for 2030, given the time required to roll out the identified
greenhouse gas emission reduction measures at scale. For
example, the supply of zero-carbon electricity through a power
purchase agreement enabling the development of a major
renewable electricity production asset may take four to 10 years
(for the identification, development and construction of a solar or
wind farm project). Similar timescales can be expected to ensure
the supply of substantial volumes of fuel or biogenic raw materials
or to establish a carbon capture and storage supply chain. The
reduction levers are well identified, and are closely linked to the
climate change mitigation actions of other players, as indicated on
page 304 – paragraph 2.2.1.
Scope 1 and 2 objectives were developed by a dedicated “task
force” in order to integrate the expectations of internal and
external stakeholders (Sustainable Development Department,
Large Industries business line, Group Operations Control,
Strategy team, R&D, and Investor Relations teams). Monitoring of
the performance achieved is integrated into the process of
reviewing the Group’s operational performance with an analysis
carried out by the Group Operations Control on a half-yearly basis
(CO2 Scope 1 and 2 reporting of the main production units and
comparison with the anticipated trajectory in year N-1 when
setting objectives for operational entities).
No quantitative objective for reducing Scope 3 emissions has to
date been announced by the Group. Scope 3 emissions are
reported and reduction levers have been identified, on which the
Group is working.
The Group communicates its performance in relation to its climate
objectives and in particular the reduction of Scopes 1 and 2
emissions compared to reference year 2020 to its stakeholders
annually, via this Sustainability Statement and through other
presentation channels deemed relevant. Progress as of
December 31, 2025 is presented on page 318 – paragraph 2.2.5.

Climate change adaptation
Climate-related targets have not yet been set by the Group for climate change adaptation, as the strategy and approach are still being
developed by the team of dedicated experts.

(1)

In Market-Based.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

317

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

2.2.5. Climate indicators
GHG emission indicators
The inventory of greenhouse gas emissions induced by the Group in its value chain and its reporting by scope and category has been
prepared according to the principles of the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting & Reporting Standard, taking into account the
specificities of the Group.

Change of scope and inventory
covered by the reporting
No significant change in scope occurred during 2025.
There has been no significant change in scope for Scope 3
emissions in relation to the 2024 fiscal year.

Scopes 1 and 2 reporting scope
The reporting scope of the Group’s greenhouse gas emissions is
based on the industrial data reporting scope. The industrial
reporting scope includes all industrial units in operation during the
fiscal year and controlled and operated by Air Liquide. However, a
materiality threshold is in place, and operational units below this

318

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

threshold are excluded from the reporting scope. The materiality
thresholds are set so that the Group (1) reports all material
sources in accordance with the regulations and recommendations
in force, and (2) minimizes the burden on operational teams when
these emissions are not significant. An annual review of the
reporting scope and applicable thresholds is carried out to ensure
that all material sources are correctly reported.
In order to provide comparable data for greenhouse gas
emissions, the data from 2020 has been restated to include in the
annual emissions the effects of changes in scope or methodology
that may have had a significant impact on CO2 emissions, both
upwards and downwards.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

Gross Scopes 1, 2 & 3 and Total GHG Emissions
Retrospective
Base year –
2020 restated (a)

Comparative –
2024

2025

% N / N-1

15,505,000

14,868,470

14,590,300

98.1%

—%

48.4%

47.9%

—

Scope 1 GHG Emissions
Gross Scope 1 GHG Emissions (tCO2eq)
Percentage of Scope 1 GHG Emissions from Regulated
Emission Trading Schemes (%)
Scope 2 GHG Emissions
Gross Scope 2 GHG Emissions (Location-based) (tCO2eq)
Gross Scope 2 GHG Emissions (Market-based) (tCO2eq)

—

20,682,800

19,204,300

92.9%

23,784,000

20,064,140

19,599,000

97.7%

Significant Scope 3 GHG Emissions
Total Gross Indirect (Scope 3) GHG Emissions (tCO2eq)

19,448,700

23,243,928

24,252,478

104.3%

1 Purchased goods and services (b)

2,835,770

6,526,255

6,603,625

101.2%

2 Capital goods
3 Fuel and energy-related Activities
(not included in Scope1 or Scope 2)

460,736

909,808

1,305,667

143.5%

5,131,150

6,211,500

6,601,978

106.3%

70,490

513,665

522,564

101.7%

NS

NS

NS

NS

6 Business travel

34,303

30,915

22,056

71.3%

7 Employee commuting

4 Upstream transportation and distribution
5 Waste generated in operations

70,274

71,365

92,864

130.1%

8 Upstream leased assets

NS

NS

NS

NS

9 Downstream transportation

NA

NA

NA

NA

10 Processing of sold products

NA

NA

NA

NA

9,276,075

6,845,518

6,994,615

102.2%

11 Use of sold products
12 End-of-life treatment of sold products

NA

NA

NA

NA

1,569,902

2,134,902

2,109,109

98.8%

14 Franchises

NA

NA

NA

NA

15 Investments

NS

NS

NS

NS

13 Downstream leased assets

Total GHG Emissions
Total GHG Emissions (Location-based) (tCO2eq)
Total GHG Emissions (Market-based) (tCO2eq)

—

58,795,198

58,047,078

—%

58,737,700

58,176,538

58,441,778

100.5%

NA: Not applicable
NS: Not significant
(a) Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based) emissions are restated to reflect the perimeter changes, while Scope 3 emissions are not restated.
(b) Scope 3 Category 1 emissions increased between 2020 and 2025 mainly due to a reclassification of emissions conducted prior to 2025, which previously
reported parts of Category 1 as Category 3, as well as the improvement in reporting allowing the inclusion of emissions related to purchases carried out for the
Engineering & Technologies business and those related to the purchase of industrial gases from third parties.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

319

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Scope 1 emissions are down by -278 ktCO2eq compared to the
comparable emissions for 2024. These reductions stem mainly
from the valorization of waste gas in hydrogen production and
efficiency projects, despite volumes that are starting to increase,
notably due to less maintenance shutdowns in 2025 than in 2024.
Scope 2 emissions (market-based) are down by -465 ktCO2eq
compared to the comparable emissions for 2024. The decrease
comes from the significant increase in the Group’s supply of
electricity from renewable sources (see page 323 –
paragraph Energy consumption indicators), as well as the
replacement of steam consumption with electricity, following the
commissioning at the end of 2024 of an electrified air separation
unit in China.

The Group is not currently committing to individual targets for
each Scope, but to Scope 1+2 combined. In 2025, Scope 1+2
emissions (accounted for using the market-based methodology)
are 34,189 ktCO2eq, i.e. -13.0% lower than 2020 emissions on a
comparable perimeter, which is in line with the objective of
reducing these emissions by -33% in 2035 compared to 2020.
Scope 3 emissions are up by 1,009 ktCO2eq compared to 2024.
The increase pertains purchase-related emissions (categories 1
and 2), mainly due to higher capital expenditure, as well as on
category 3 emissions which are increasing due to a rise in the
load of hydrogen production units and cogeneration plants.

(Group CO2 Emissions Scopes 1 and 2)

-13%

0.3

vs. 2020

39.3
Mt CO2

-1.8
0.0
-2.7

2020
Restated

Volumes

Asset
Management

LC electricity
sourcing

Between 2020 and 2025, the Group’s emissions decreased by 5.1
MtCO2, faster than initially projected when the climate targets
were set in 2020. Thanks to the annual reductions recorded since
2020, the emissions inflection point was reached ahead of the
initial 2025 deadline.
To achieve these reductions, the three levers outlined in the
Group’s Climate Transition Plan (see details page 304 – paragraph
2.1.1) were implemented. Of the -5.1 MtCO2 reductions, more than
50% (-2.7 MtCO2) comes from a significant increase in the
sourcing of low-carbon energy, with the Group’s share of
purchased low-carbon electricity reaching 15.3 TWh in 2025.
The second lever that contributes significantly to the reduction
(-1.8 MtCO2, representing more than a third of the overall
reductions) is asset management, including the continuation of
energy efficiency programs across all operations and the
electrification of several steam-driven air separation units,
particularly in China. Regarding CCS (carbon capture and
storage), the Group is currently developing its proprietary

320

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

CCS

-0.9

34.2

Others

2025

Cryocap™ technology to capture CO2 from its largest European
hydrogen production plant in Rotterdam. This project is expected
to be commissioned in the coming quarters; this CO2 capture
plant will be connected to the infrastructure developed by the
Porthos project. In its first phase, this CO2 capture and storage
project will reduce emissions from the various partners, including
the Air Liquide plant, by 2.5 MtCO2/year. Various minor effects
unrelated to other levers (such as slight methodological
modifications, minor scope changes below the reprocessing
threshold, etc.) are grouped under the category “Other”.
Some Air Liquide production units operate within the scope of a
carbon quota trading system, such as cogeneration or hydrogen
production units in Europe. The share of Scope 1 emissions from
units operating within the scope of a quota exchange system
represents 47.9% of Scope 1 emissions. Biogenic CO2 emissions
are not included in the table above but are included and reported
separately in each scope opposite.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

The following table represents the shares of emissions for each of the Group’s geographical areas.
2024
Geographies

Scope 1
(ktCO2eq)

2025
Scope 2
(ktCO2eq)

Scope 1
(ktCO2eq)

Scope 2
(ktCO2eq)

Europe, Middle East & Africa

6,840

9,809

6,775

9,305

Americas

6,894

2,660

6,715

2,673

Asia Pacific

1,135

7,595

1,100

7,622

The GHG emissions intensity (total GHG emissions over net
revenue) of the Group for this reporting year is 2,169.3 tCO2eq/M€
(market-based) and 2,154.7 tCO2eq/M€ (location-based), using the
net revenue of 26,940.2 million euros.

these
local
methodologies
introduces
distortion
and
inconsistencies in the accounting of CO2 emissions induced along
the value chain and their reporting between Scopes 1, 2 and 3.

Scope 1

Concerning “market-based” accounting of Scope 2 emissions,
emission factors are calculated directly from contractual
information. In the absence of reliable information (contractual or
concerning the supplier’s production mix), when all or part of a
site’s electricity supply comes from the grid, a residual emission
factor is used, in accordance with best practices. In the absence
of reliable data on the residual mix, the grid emission factor is
used, the latter accounting for approximately 25% of emissions.
“Market-based” accounting makes it possible to reflect the
Group’s initiatives in terms of electricity supply in the Group’s
Scope 2 emissions, in particular the voluntary supply of renewable
electricity. Concerning the accounting of Scope 2 “location-based”
emissions, the emission factors are the average emission factors
of the national networks as published and regularly updated by
the International Energy Agency. Information concerning the
volumes of electricity and steam consumed is reported as part of
the Group’s industrial reporting.

The majority of Air Liquide’s Scope 1 emissions are from its
hydrogen production and cogeneration units. Scope 1 emissions
are the difference in carbon content between the raw materials
and fuels (primarily natural gas) consumed by these units and the
carbon content of their products. This information is reported as
part of the Group’s industrial reporting. Production units falling
below the threshold making them eligible for the Group’s industrial
reporting are excluded, their consumption and their CO2
emissions being deemed negligible. Air Liquide also records direct
emissions from the combustion of fuel in its truck fleet, as well as
gas losses from its CO2 and nitrous oxide production units.
Direct biogenic CO2 emissions not included in Scope 1 GHG
emissions represent 265 ktCO2eq. They mainly come from fugitive
emissions from production units using biomass or its derivatives.
Regarding the accounting and publication of direct CO2 emissions
from units in a regulated emissions trading system, the same
calculation methodology, in accordance with the GHG Protocol
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, will be applied,
rather than the methodologies of the corresponding emissions
trading systems, which are not uniform and in some cases do not
meet the very definition of direct emissions. The application of

Scope 2

The Scope 2 emissions reported above involve the use of
contractual instruments, such as Guarantee of Origin (GO),
Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) and other instruments. The
following table details the nature of the contractual instruments
used within the Group.

Bundled/Unbundled Contractual Instruments

Percentage of contractual instruments used for sale and purchase of energy bundled with attributes
about energy generation in relation to Scope 2 GHG emissions
Percentage of contractual instruments used for sale and purchase of unbundled energy attribute
claims in relation to Scope 2 GHG emissions
Electricity consumption and associated indirect CO2 emissions
are only taken into account in Scope 2 when Air Liquide pays the
cost of this energy. When Air Liquide does not pay the cost of the
energy, indirect CO2 emissions are estimated and recognized in
Scope 3, category 13. The latter represent 9% of total Scope 3
emissions.
When the Group has cogeneration units in a country where ASUs
are available, the indirect emissions from the electricity consumed
by these units are adjusted to take self-consumption into account.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

2024 (%)

2025 (%)

82

84

18

16

Indirect biogenic CO2 emissions not included in Scope 2 GHG
emissions represent 696 ktCO2eq. They come from electricity
consumption using biomass or its derivatives.

Scope 3
Scope 3 emissions cover indirect emissions caused by the Group’s
activities along its value chain, in particular the most significant
sources of emissions in terms of volume and relevance to the Group’s
activities and business model. Significant sources of emissions are
identified and recognized in accordance with the recommendations of
the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain Standard.

AIR LIQUIDE

321

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

The most significant sources of indirect emissions (excluding
Scope 2 emissions) are indirect emissions related to upstream
energy-based raw materials (reported in category 3), in particular
natural gas, those related to the production of purchased fuels and
indirect emissions related to upstream purchased electricity and
steam, as well as network losses (reported in category 3), those
related to the purchase of goods and services, including fixed
assets (reported respectively in categories 1 and 2), and those
resulting from the use of products that are themselves greenhouse
gases (reported in category 11). Indirect emissions related to the
production of electricity consumed in the Group’s units for which
the Group does not pay the cost of the electricity supplied by the
customer are considered significant and reported in category 13.
Emissions from the road transportation of products between plants
and customers when the transport service is outsourced are
recorded in category 4. Reported emissions are calculated on the
basis of industrial data from the Group’s operational management
systems, multiplied by emission factors from various sources (see
table opposite). The Group does not report emissions for
categories 5, 8, 9, 10, 12, 14 and 15, either because the Group
does not have any indirect emissions covered by its categories, or
because the emissions concerned are insignificant and the Group
does not have a reliable estimation system.
Concerning emissions linked to purchases of goods and services
reported in categories 1, 2, 4 and 6, since part of the purchase
amount is not allocated to sufficiently defined items, an average
emission factor was assigned to them to complete the estimate of
the corresponding CO2 emissions (included in the Scope 3
emissions total). A minority part of the Group’s purchases is
reported outside the consolidated system. The emissions
corresponding to these expenses, estimated based on an average
emission factor, are estimated to represent less than 5% of
emissions related to procurement (excluded from the Scope 3
emissions total).
In 2024 the Group also identified the need to clarify emissions
related to sales of equipment to third parties carried out by its
Engineering & Technologies Division. Work launched in the
second half of 2024 continued in 2025 to better understand how
emissions related to the use of equipment and plants sold to
external customers should be accounted for. This work led to an
initial classification of units likely to generate significant emissions
during their lifetime among the various types of equipment sold by
the Group. The only type of equipment with significant direct
emissions are reformers for hydrogen production, whose actual
emissions to be included will depend on whether or not a CO2
capture system is installed, or whether part of the carbon in the
raw material is recovered in products (e.g. carbon monoxide,
methanol). The Group is not always able to obtain this information
from its customers. Other equipment with potentially significant
indirect emissions are air separation units, liquefiers, Cryocap™
CO2 capture units and electrolyzers, whose indirect emissions will

322

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

be related to the electricity they consume while in use. The carbon
content of the electricity consumed by the unit sold to the
customer, and thus the CO2 footprint of the installation over its
lifetime, will depend on the electricity sourcing strategy for the unit
sold, which depends on the local electricity mix, the purpose of
products (some units are intended for the production of lowcarbon gases) as well as the customer’s general climate transition
plan, information which is not available to the Group. In 2026, the
Group will continue its work to develop emission models for the
different types of equipment sold and the different types of sales,
working to overcome the lack of specific information from the
customer on the operating profile of the equipment or the
decarbonization investments planned by the customer during the
life of the installation.
In 2025, the Group perfected its understanding of the uses of the
fluorinated gases it markets. Sales of these products represent
less than 0.5% of its revenue. Various gases are delivered to
customers for many applications in the semiconductor industry,
where they are used as etching gases and generally destroyed at
the end of the process. The Group has developed a proprietary
gas offering (enScribe™ range) for this sector, to replace
molecules with much higher global warming potential. In the
industry, the main uses are for safety management in high-power
circuit breakers, where gas is trapped and fugitive emissions are
increasingly banned. In addition, there are multiple uses in
research centers, in particular particle accelerators, as well as in
the magnesium industry. With regard to fluorinated gases supplied
to the electronics industry, the Group has approached experts in
the sector to identify the reduction rates to be used for the various
gases and applications concerned, and is continuing work to better
qualify the re-emission rates in other industrial applications. These
parameters vary significantly from one source to another. In 2026,
the Group will continue to refine its understanding by (i) qualifying
methodologies for estimating abatement rates by application, (ii)
improving its reporting process to capture volumes by gas and by
specific end-uses for the different applications, a level of
granularity that is not captured in current information systems.
The percentage of Scope 3 emissions obtained from the primary
data source represents 71% of Scope 3 emissions. Within the
Group, this percentage reflects Scope 3 emissions associated
with data that was collected directly and does not include
estimates or extrapolations of measurements. The categories or
subcategories concerned by direct measurements are category 1
(limited to raw materials for HyCO units), category 3, category 11
and category 13 (except on-site units).
Indirect biogenic CO2 emissions not included in Scope 3 GHG
emissions represent 539 ktCO2eq. This data comes from the use
of products sold during the production of biomethane and from
CO2 produced from biomass or its derivatives.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

Emission factors and global warming potential
Emission factors are used to convert primary industrial data (such as fuel and electricity consumption or fugitive emissions) into CO2
equivalents. A ranking is applied if the regulations do not explicitly state the source to be used. Preference is given to:
■ internationally recognized sources;
■ values provided in the relevant ISO standards;
■ bodies defining standards at national level/regulatory bodies (e.g. ADEME). Specifically, the following sources are used for the
emission scopes and categories in question:
Emission scope/Category

GWP and source of emission factor

Scope 1
GHG emissions excluding CO2

IPCC AR6 GWP-100

Transportation

ISO 14083 Tank-to-Wheels values by fuel type

Scope 2
Electricity

IEA Grid Emission Factor
Residual Emission Factors of the AIB (Association of Issuing
Bodies) in Europe
Residual Emission Factors for Green-E in the U.S.
Government of Canada residual emission factors

Electricity and Steam

Specific Emission Factors of energy suppliers

Steam

Emission Factor developed using IEA production mix and ADEME
emission factors
Emission Factor developed using the IEA’s World Energy Statistics
and the IEA’s Direct Combustion Factors

Biogenic emissions (not included in Scope 2)
Scope 3
Categories 1 and 2
Categories 1, 2, 4a (Upstream transportation) & 6
Category 3 – Activity A & B

CEDA (Comprehensive Environmental Data Archive) factors
of Watershed
ADEME Footprint Base factors

Category 3 – Activity C

IEA Upstream Life Cycle Emission Factors for Fuels/Power
Generation Technologies
Transmission and distribution losses of the IEA

Category 4b (Upstream distribution)

ISO 14083 Tank-to-Wheels values by fuel type

Category 7

GHG emissions from diesel vehicles of ADEME

Category 11 Use of products without CO2

IPCC AR6 GWP-100

Category 13 Units of production with electricity supplied
by the customer
Biogenic emissions of biomethane (not included in Scope 3)

IEA Grid Emission Factor

Energy consumption indicators
The energy consumption reporting scope is based on the
industrial reporting scope, which is aligned with the Consolidated
Financial Statements and similar to the Scope 1 and 2 emission
reporting scope. Reported energy consumption figures exclude
raw material consumption.
Electricity consumption in very small units, below the threshold set
for industrial reporting, is not reported. In total, energy consumed
by the Group and not reported is estimated to be less than 0.5% of
the Group’s energy consumption. Electricity consumed by
industrial units for which Air Liquide does not pay the cost of
electricity is excluded from the reported electricity (and aggregate
energy) consumption figures. It is however reported internally for
industrial management purposes and represents 5,012,202 MWh
(around 7% of the total energy consumption of the Group). The
corresponding indirect CO2 emissions are reported in Scope 3,
category 13. This approach is common practice among companies
whose activity is mainly the production and delivery of industrial
gases and allows readers to compare figures across the sector.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

ADEME Footprint Base factors
Regarding energy production, Air Liquide considers non-renewable
energy production to be significant and renewable energy
production to be non-significant. Although Air Liquide has solar
panels in its facilities, the Group does not consider that they
contribute significantly to overall electricity consumption. Nonrenewable energy production accounts for 24,928,884 MWh
(thermal and electrical), which is associated with the production of
electricity and steam in HyCO and COGEN production units. A
fraction of the steam produced by hydrogen production units is used
to drive turbines and produce electricity, and is as such excluded
from this total to avoid double counting (1,943,294 thermal MWh).
Due to Air Liquide’s main activities under NACE code 20.11
(industrial gas production) and the integrated nature of the Group,
the entire Group is considered to be a high climate impact sector
and no further disaggregation is provided. All figures on energy
consumption and the energy mix therefore concern the entire
Group. On this basis, the Group’s energy intensity is equivalent to
the energy intensity of activities in sectors with a high climate impact
(total energy consumption per net revenue). For the reference
year 2025, the energy intensity represents 2,512.03 MWh/M€.

AIR LIQUIDE

323

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

The Group’s consumption of electricity from renewable sources amounts to 9.5 TWh in 2025, an increase of 6% compared to 2024 (1),
representing 25% of the quantities of power purchased by the Group (2).
The consumption of electricity from renewable and nuclear sources for 2025 amounts to 15.3 TWh. The supply of electricity from
renewable or nuclear sources is a major lever implemented by the Group to reduce its Scope 2 emissions, as detailed on page 318 –
paragraph 2.2.5.
Energy Consumption and Energy Mix

Unit

2024

Fuel consumption from coal and coal products

MWhth

NM

NM

Fuel consumption from crude oil and petroleum products

MWhth

149,421

32,310

Fuel consumption from natural gas

MWhth

24,364,468

25,823,158

Fuel consumption from other fossil sources

MWhth

2,492,490

3,457,511

Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, and steam from fossil sources

MWhe

23,007,494

23,061,569

Total Consumption of Fossil Energy

MWh

50,013,872

52,374,548

Share of fossil sources in total energy consumption

%

Energy Consumption from Nuclear Sources

MWhe

Share of consumption from nuclear sources in total energy consumption

2025

76%

77%

6,632,957

5,796,945

%

10%

9%

MWhth

288

269

Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, and steam
from renewable sources

MWhe

8,927,563

9,502,755

The consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy

MWhe

NM

NM

Total Consumption of Renewable Energy

MWh

8,927,851

9,503,024

Share of renewable sources in total energy consumption

%

Total Energy Consumption

MWh

Fuel consumption for renewable sources, including biomass

14%

14%

65,574,681

67,674,517

NM: Data determined as non-material
MWhth: Thermal MWh
MWhe: Electrical MWh

2.3. WATER MANAGEMENT
2.3.1. Introduction
Topics related to water management: impacts, risks
and opportunities
The Group analyzes topics related to water for all of its activities
and sites located around the world. None of them are located on
seas or oceans. The analysis therefore identifies impacts, risks
and opportunities only for water and no impacts, risks and
opportunities for marine resources. Water is therefore considered
a material issue for the Group and its value chain, while the
marine resources are not relevant to its activities, upstream and
downstream of its activities. The Sustainable Procurement
procedure is implemented based on sustainable development
criteria for the most critical suppliers. This procedure aims to
monitor the risks of incidents related to the environment – and
therefore covers water – and to promote the application of
corrective action plans as part of continuous improvement in the
value chain.
The way in which the interests of stakeholders in the “water” topic
were taken into account is detailed in the double materiality
assessment, as described in pages 289 and 291 – paragraphs
1.4.4 and 1.5.
The Group is dependent on water for its activities. The water used
in the Group has two main purposes: as a raw material (e.g. for
the production of steam) or as a cooling system. Its main uses are
in the following Group activities:
■ Air Separation Units (ASUs), which account for more than 50%
of total consumption, where water is used in cooling towers/
heat exchangers;

(1)
(2)

324

■ Hydrogen production units, which account for around 20% of
total consumption, where water is used either as a raw
material and coolant, or in steam methane reforming (SMR) or
electrolysis processes (ELY);
■ Cogeneration units, which represent less than 20% of total
consumption, where water is used for the production of steam.
The lack of availability of water, poor water quality, regulatory
restrictions on its use or an increase in its cost represent a
risk to the security of supply of Air Liquide products to customers.
These risks may affect the efficiency or reliability of plants and
increase direct production costs. Therefore, a minimum
requirement, in line with regulations in terms of water quality, is
specified in the Group’s standards.
The Group can have a negative impact on water resources in
two ways:
■ related to water withdrawal and consumption on its sites: water
withdrawal can have different impacts depending on the
specificities of the site concerned. The areas where water is
withdrawn to meet various human and ecological demands
when there is a risk of scarcity, due to limitations on availability,
quality or accessibility, are known as water-stressed areas, and
are closely monitored by the Group. In these areas, conflicts for
water between different usages and users may arise. In
addition, an important local parameter in the assessment of the
impact of water withdrawal is the renewal rate of water reserves.
Water consumption represents the difference between water
withdrawals and water discharges. The Air Liquide Group’s
water consumption represents 6% of water withdrawals (94% of
the water withdrawn is returned to its source). Furthermore, the
Group has initiated a water management plan, prioritizing the
regions with water stress to reduce its use of water;

Renewable electricity consumption reported by the Group for 2024: 8.9 TWh.
Incorporating the steam used to drive certain air separation units, excluding consumption of electricity produced by the Group’s cogeneration units which is
self-consumed.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

■ related to the quality of water returned to ecosystems after use:
the quality and specifications of the water returned to
ecosystems are important in assessing the impact of the
Group’s operations, either because of the presence of
pollutants or contaminants, or due to the temperature, which
can induce direct or indirect pollution and damage to
ecosystems. Since September 2023, a technical standard
relating to the sustainable monitoring and control of industrial
wastewater has been drafted and communicated to the Group’s
entities, and the rollout phase of this standard is underway.
A systematic review of the Group’s activities is carried out on the
basis of technological and operational experience, regulations and
best industrial practices. Some specific additional studies may be
carried out for the purposes of operating authorizations or during
engineering studies. In addition, the Group’s operations check
whether its industrial assets are in a water-stressed area, by
referring to the “Aqueduct 3.0 (1) Water Risk Atlas” tool proposed by
the World Resource Institute (WRI). Air Liquide pays particular
attention to the 75 sites identified in 2022, that are withdrawing
more than 50,000 m3 per year and located in areas with high or
very high water stress and arid areas (as defined by the Aqueduct
version 3.0 tool, using the “Water Stress” indicator, for the
“Baseline” scenario).The 2025 target, which aimed for 100% of
these sites to develop a water management plan between 2022
and 2025, was met this year. These plans cover relevant risks and
mitigation measures such as the development of a secondary
water source in the event of scarcity of the primary source, the
upgrading of water-consuming equipment to optimize consumption
and the upgrading of water treatment equipment. For all
subsidiaries, the use, consumption and waste of water should be
reduced, while taking into account local specificities. Engagement
with local communities and the value chain should take place at
subsidiary level to ensure continuous improvement in water
management. Where appropriate, the relevant teams are
responsible for listening to community expectations or concerns
and taking appropriate measures to address them (e.g. recycling
condensate to produce steam, increasing cooling water recycling
by adjusting its quality and reducing the frequency of washing of
cooling system filters). Water impacts and dependencies should be
measured and a number of indicators (specified in the standards
developed for reporting) should be reported at Group level.
Air Liquide communicates regularly with Shareholders, extrafinancial rating agencies and the financial markets on issues
related to sustainable development. The investor community is
showing growing interest in the Group’s position and approach to
water management.
Air Liquide conducts internal training on water, in particular for
operations Departments, business developers, HSE teams, risk
managers and purchasing teams, as well as, where applicable,
the energy, public affairs and communication teams, in order to
raise their awareness and inform them of the latest standards and
procedures. Operational risk managers benefit from specific
training and support from the Group’s industrial experts on water
risk assessments in order to respond to requests from all
stakeholders.
Air Liquide participates in events organized by water resource
management organizations and encourages the adoption of
strategies and technologies to minimize water consumption and
pollution. More generally, water management is one of the
subjects on which Air Liquide engages with NGOs, alongside other
environmental and societal issues. Air Liquide is committed to the
10 principles of the United Nations Global Compact.

(1)

2.3.2. Water management policy
In 2021, the Group published an internal water management
Policy in the BlueBook, accessible to Group employees, which
identifies the impacts and dependencies of Air Liquide’s activities
on water availability and quality, and thus defines the principles of
water risk management. The processes related to its
implementation are under the supervision of the Executive
Committee.
The main water management risk for Air Liquide’s activities is
represented as the potential unavailability of water, which could
result in a slowdown or shutdown of a production unit. The
publication of the water management policy indicated in this
paragraph describes the method of risk management related to
water withdrawal and use. The management of each subsidiary is
responsible for its implementation.
This policy identifies the impact of Air Liquide’s activities on water
availability. The policy defines risk management principles on the
basis of a specific assessment of the situation of each site. It
describes the actions required, based on key principles, to be
implemented to ensure appropriate water management, including
a set of indicators to be monitored. Lastly, it details the elements
of stakeholder commitment, seeking comprehensive management
of water uses by taking into account local constraints and
opportunities, and always complying with the most stringent
applicable requirements and regulations.
Air Liquide’s policy sets out the key principles of water
management, aimed at:
■ guaranteeing the availability of water that meets adequate
specifications for the Group’s safe, reliable and efficient
operations;
■ protecting people and the environment by ensuring sustainable
management of water in operations and supply chains.
The policy covers in particular:
■ management of the impact and risk of water unavailability: for
all activities operated by the subsidiary located in a waterstressed area by strengthening a water management plan
covering key actions relating to the reduction of water use, the
control and monitoring of relevant parameters, and the
collaborative water management plan with stakeholders;
■ operational excellence, taking into account the best available
techniques applicable to water use, and management, notably:
water treatment, water withdrawal and consumption, the
quality of discharged water, the commitment of stakeholders in
the value chain in which the Group operates. In particular, the
Group has published a new technical standard to control and
monitor the quality of discharged water, integrated into its
corporate Industrial Management System, covering all of the
Group’s activities.
Air Liquide’s water management policy specifies that, during
discussions with stakeholders, the key principles of the water
management policy should be used to illustrate that the Group has:
■ a complete understanding of its water footprint;
■ mechanisms in place to assess the risk of water scarcity and
associated mitigation measures;
■ standards guaranteeing that water discharges into the
environment do not pollute the ecosystems in which the
Group operates.

The Aqueduct 4.0 released will be used to build the water management plan starting from 2026.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

325

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Air Liquide mainly uses water provided by its customers. Close
relationships with customers are therefore essential for effective
water management. Whether the water is supplied by the customer
or another source, contracts must ensure that the quality of the
water supplied is well defined in order to determine the penalties –
and, where applicable, Air Liquide’s rights of refusal – in the event
of insufficient water quality impacting the Group’s activities. As part
of the due diligence process for new large-scale investment
projects, an analysis of the site’s exposure to water-related risk
should be systematically carried out, particularly if the customer is
located in a water-stressed area, mainly for Large Industries plants,
as well as for large Industrial Merchant and Electronics plants.
Through the Group’s supplier selection process and its commercial
relationship with them, Air Liquide assesses water-related risks and
impacts in collaboration with its suppliers. In particular, the Group
expects its suppliers to minimize the impact of their products and
services on local water quality. Air Liquide Supplier’s Code of
Conduct requires suppliers to strive to preserve natural resources
and biodiversity, and to structure their activities and their supply
chain in such a way as to avoid or minimize negative
environmental impacts by continually striving to improve their
products, processes and services in order to make them more
environmentally friendly. Air Liquide asks suppliers who do not
meet its expectations to complete and upload proof of their
corrective action plan via the third-party platform through which
they are assessed.
Air Liquide respects the human right to water and sanitation as well
as existing links with environmental challenges, for example those
due to climate change and the impact of human activities on
biodiversity. The impact of industries on water is all the more
important as climate change threatens current weather conditions.
Air Liquide is implementing various initiatives (such as the water
management plan) to improve data collection and better direct
water management at its production sites in order to reduce water
use, particularly in water-stressed areas. Faced with water-related
risks, Air Liquide prioritizes sites with very intensive water use;
nevertheless, the scope of this continuous improvement in water
management concerns all of the Group’s operations.
The monitoring of the Group’s environmental impacts covers all
industrial activities, with the exception of very small plants that do
not meet a reporting criterion set in Air Liquide’s industrial
reporting management system. The reporting scopes for water
should be aligned with those used for energy reporting.
Consequently, the following activities should monitor and report
water-related indicators:
■ all plants included in the Large Industries industrial system
(cogenerations, HyCO and air gas in particular);
■ Industrial Merchant production activities (production of CO2,
production of N2O, production of C2H2);
■ pressure testing of Industrial Merchant cylinders (when using
the water pressure test method);
■ chemical production from the Electronics and Specialty
Ingredients businesses;
■ manufacturing activities in the Engineering & Technologies
sectors;

The identification, assessment and management of water-related
impacts, risks and opportunities are defined at Group level and
rolled out locally within subsidiaries to support local facilities and
sites that use water. The in-depth analysis of impacts and risks is
therefore conducted locally to meet the expectations and
challenges of the territory in which the site or activity is located.
Opportunities are identified by business developers and are mainly
associated with water treatment solutions, using industrial gases.
The identification is carried out using a mapping of the sites where
the Group operates with a clear assessment of the relevant waterrelated risks, as well as a process for updating the mapping and
monitoring of relevant risks. The entities annually review this risk
assessment for all its activities, with the support and
recommendations of the Group. For new investments and major
renovation of existing facilities in water-stressed areas, waterrelated risk is addressed by including it in the due diligence
process assessment during the investment process. The internal
investment process sets criteria to be assessed according to the
nature and scale of the project. This ensures an adequate
assessment of water-related risks, particularly in places that are
or could be exposed to a risk of water stress under future climate
change scenarios, as well as a clear process to ensure that the
technology is properly used to minimize impacts on water
withdrawal, consumption and quality.
The Group carries out the assessment using relevant technical
standards and procedures detailing how the Group manages
water-related risks and impacts. These also provide the
framework to develop specific action plans, including a
methodology for assessing water availability. Water impact and
risk management is carried out at the subsidiary level. In addition
to the monitoring and reporting of water-related operational
indicators, as part of their risk management process, subsidiaries
are required to maintain a mapping of their facilities located in
areas of water stress and with specific local water issues. The
facilities and sites that use water are responsible for developing a
structured dialogue on water with the affected stakeholders, at
local level, and benefit from the technical advice of the Group’s
experts to support them in improving water management. In
addition, the subsidiary must ensure that water-related impacts,
risks and opportunities are fully integrated into Sustainable
Procurement programs.

2.3.3. Water management actions
At this stage, the Group does not have consolidated monitoring of
the action plans undertaken by operational entities to reduce their
water usage in their own operations nor of the commitments made
locally with stakeholders in the value chain. The corresponding
financial resources are not specifically monitored by the Group
and are part of the resources allocated for maintenance
operations and continuous improvement of the industrial tool. In
the future, the Group plans to set up reporting and monitoring of
the most significant projects.
The assessment of suppliers and business partners through the
Supplier’s Code of Conduct, a public document drawn up
internally, is regularly updated to reflect the alignment with the
Group’s water management policy and objectives.

■ R&D centers;
■ other activities if relevant.

326

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

As mentioned opposite, the Group’s policy is thus continuously
improved and sets key principles of operational excellence and
responsible management to be followed in each subsidiary:
■ monitoring and reporting on impacts and dependencies related
to water. For facilities that do not comply with this policy, provide
for the installation of the appropriate meters, analysis and water
treatment equipment necessary to achieve compliance;
■ conducting a water leak assessment
improvement plans, as required;

and

developing

■ minimizing freshwater withdrawal and consumption as much
as possible, while ensuring safe and efficient production,
optimizing process operation and reducing water loss;
■ when planning an overhaul or major renovation of a facility,
assessing the need to modify the equipment to reduce the
intake and consumption of freshwater, or improve the quality of
water returned;
■ minimizing wastewater discharges and maximizing the
recovered water that can be made available for other uses;
■ carrying out measurements and analyses of returned water, to
assess the quality of the water returned by the Group’s
operations, at a frequency in accordance with local regulations;
■ minimizing contaminants in the returned water and ensure that
the returned water complies with relevant local standards and
the expectations of other local stakeholders, in particular those
who depend on water for their daily life or business activity.

The industrial water management plan includes the following
elements:
■ on the one hand, conducting an assessment of water use
efficiency, aimed at reducing the risks of water withdrawal for
operations with intensive water use in areas of high water
stress and at implementing improvement measures identified;
■ on the other hand, ensuring compliance with the applicable
water standards of the Group’s Industrial Management
System, in particular concerning the quality control of
discharged water.
The Group facilities regularly carry out assessments of water use
efficiency, i.e. on-site audits that cover the water system – circuits,
equipment, instruments, etc. – as well as the systems and subsystems concerned.
This assessment:
■ is led by one or more technical water management experts;
■ relies on a team able to cover the different areas of expertise
for equipment and processes (including operators,
maintenance specialists, process owners, etc.);
■ includes a field audit that covers the water system – circuits,
equipment, instruments, etc. – as well as the systems and subsystems of the plant or facility concerned;
■ addresses risks related to water stress (impact on operations
of water scarcity and water quality problems);

In water-stressed areas, Air Liquide implements the targeted
actions detailed below.

■ takes into account the risks
communicated at Group level.

For each facility or site, its manager is responsible for monitoring
and controlling water-related indicators and directing corrective
actions when they are identified. Efficiency measures are part of
the corrective actions and are fully integrated into the role and
responsibilities of the manager, with the support of technical
experts from the Cluster’s Industrial Direction. The facility or site
manager is assisted by a water quality manager, appointed with
the following responsibilities:

Where a water risk assessment and an industrial audit have been
carried out in the previous three years, no additional assessment
is required, provided that the risks and actions identified have
been addressed.

■ to ensure that:
– a plan is in place to monitor and control water quality,
– the organization and responsibilities for implementing the
plan are defined,
– sufficient resources are available (people, tools, training,
etc.) and, in particular, subject matter expertise is assigned
to the definition of the measurement plan,
– the customer communication team collects relevant
detailed water specifications and requirements (for facilities
that withdraw and/or discharge water from or to the
customer),
– the water quality plan is reviewed regularly to identify
opportunities for improvement;
■ to tell the site manager(s) to take corrective measures, if the
water quality plan does not meet the requirements.
In water-stressed areas (including areas at risk of seasonal water
stress), the subsidiary is required to draw up a documented water
management plan, taking into account the risks of water
withdrawal or use and covering all relevant risks and mitigation
actions, such as the development of a secondary water source in
case of a shortage in the primary source, the optimization of water
use and consumption, the upgrading of water treatment equipment
and water-consuming equipment to reduce water usage, etc.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

and

tools

defined

and

2.3.4. Water management objectives
In accordance with the key principles set out before, the following
two water management objectives, requiring specific actions to
ensure their implementation, are established at Group level:
■ for operations in water-stressed areas: a documented water
management plan that addresses the risks associated with
water withdrawal or use was put in place in 100% of the
75 sites identified in 2022. Although the Group has not
quantified its objective of reducing water needs, it is
nevertheless anticipated that all significant sites will have such
an action plan in the future. The Group is working to set its
quantitative objectives and to update the list of sites operating
in water-stressed areas using the “Aqueduct 4.0” tool, for the
period beyond 2025. The water management plan focuses on
the assessment of the site, the identification of actions to
reduce water use and compliance with the technical standards
deployed by the Group in accordance with local regulations.
The ambition is to broaden the scope of actions by developing
a business continuity plan and a stakeholder engagement plan
(see adjacent);
■ for all operations: documented processes and procedures
should be put in place to ensure that the quality parameters of
discharged water are the same as those of withdrawn water,
while meeting or exceeding applicable local standards. Since
2023, Air Liquide’s technical standards for water management
have been strengthened and apply to all of the Group’s
activities. The ambition is to roll out these standards across all
of the Group’s activities, prioritizing locations in water-stressed
areas. The entities are responsible for monitoring the progress
towards this target on an annual basis. The quality of
discharged water is a key parameter for the Group’s
businesses and operating permits.

AIR LIQUIDE

327

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

These objectives that Air Liquide has set itself therefore concern
the prioritization of water-risk areas, as well as the Group’s
material impacts in terms of water management, respectively,
through the following actions:
■ ensuring the rollout of the best technical standards available
for all activities relating to the control and monitoring of the
quality of discharged water guaranteeing thus that the risks of
water pollution are avoided;
■ strengthening the minimum technical requirements for facilities
and sites located in water-risk areas, by rolling out the water
management plan for these priority locations.
All of the objectives defined in Air Liquide’s policy are aligned with
the strictest applicable requirements, taking into account the
Group’s regulations and technical standards.

2.3.5. Water management indicators
The indicators relating to water management are summarized in the table below:

Total water consumption (m³)

2024 (a)

2025

82,971,976

83,562,343

Consumption in water-risk areas (b) (m³)

11,746,836

12,577,526

Total water recycled and reused (c) (m³)

1,213,189,025

1,018,519,146

3,080

3,102

23%

33%

Water intensity ratio (m³/M€)
Share of volumes consumed obtained by direct measurement (%)

(a) The global reporting methodology was revised during 2025 to align with the technical characteristics of the Group’s industrial sites. Based on these revisions,
adjustments were made to the total water consumption, the total recycled and reused water, and the water intensity ratio. Thus, the total treated water
consumption is 83 million m³ compared to the 100 million m³ reported in 2024, and the total recycled and reused water withdrawn is 1,213 million m³ compared
to the 399 million m³ reported in 2024. These adjustments primarily result from the reclassification of certain industrial assets that have cooling circuits
integrated with their customers’ cooling systems.
(b) In areas with high or very high water stress and arid conditions. Water consumption concerns 75 sites initially identified in 2022 using the “Aqueduct 3.0” tool
during the implementation of the Group’s water management plan. The Group is working to update the list of operational sites in water-stressed areas using the
“Aqueduct 4.0” tool for the period beyond 2025. The use of the “Aqueduct 4.0” tool would have led to a consumption figure of 26,000,846 m³ in 2024 and
27,406,246 m³ in 2025, resulting from the increase in the number of sites identified in areas of high and very high water stress and arid regions since 2022.
(c) Water reused: the water is discharged outside the borders of the facility process and then used at least once in a different process of the same facility. Water
recycled: the water is used more than once within the same facility process and is not discharged externally.

Total water consumption is a calculation of the difference between
the total water withdrawal and total water discharge, carried out
by the Group during the consolidation phase of the reported data.
The source of the data (direct measurement, sampling
measurement, extrapolation, best estimate) of water withdrawal
and discharge is indicated by the site in the reporting tool, in
accordance with an internal Group procedure.

328

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

In 2025, compared to 2024, the following can be observed:
■ an increase in consumption in water-risk areas resulting from
the increase in steam production, generated at hydrogen
production units;
■ a decrease in the volume of recycled and reused water
resulting from the reduction in the volumes of water used in
open circuits.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

2.4. POLLUTION
2.4.1. Impacts, risks and opportunities
According to the double materiality assessment, described on
page 291 – paragraph 1.5, pollution is non-material for the
Group’s activities and in its value chain. Some specific aspects of
pollution such as pollution of water or pollution associated with
energy consumption are covered on pages 304 and 324 –
paragraphs 2.2 and 2.3. Besides, and even if this topic is not
material, the Group acts as a responsible company to limit the
pollution impact associated with its operations.
Air pollution comes mainly from the combustion processes
(HyCO, cogeneration) and the electronics activities, but the
impact of these emissions is mainly related to the greenhouse
effect of these gases, already reported in the ESRS E1. Water
pollution is addressed in pages 325 and 326 – paragraphs 2.3.2
and 2.3.3, dedicated respectively to the water management policy
and actions related to water management. Soil pollution did not
emerge as a material issue for the Group.
The process of assessing sites and commercial activities with a
view to identifying actual and potential impacts and pollutionrelated risks by Air Liquide’s operations is formalized in a Group
environmental procedure. The content of this procedure is
managed by the Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) manager
at each site or subsidiary.
An initial assessment of pollution risks is carried out through an
inventory of the regulations applicable to each site and subsidiary.
A register of environmental regulations must be kept up to date
and identifies the regional scope of application for each applicable
regulation, its latest update, the regulated environmental aspects,
the regulated plant equipment, the performance objective or
required technique, and finally the current level of compliance of
the production plant with the environmental procedure as well as
any regulations that will soon come into force. In some cases, an
operating permit issued by the local authorities requires that the
significant pollution aspects of the site’s location be listed. This
approach complements the industrial regulatory watch described
in another Group procedure, and for which 100% of the
subsidiaries have a designated manager.
A second stage of assessment of the impacts and risks of
pollution is carried out for certain key activities (acetylene, ASU,
CO2, cogeneration, HyCO, N2O, Electronics, Engineering
& Technologies, representing more than 75% of revenue) thanks
to the recommendations of international professional associations
such as the European Industrial Gases Association (EIGA). For
each of these technologies, the main risks and impacts are listed
and should be monitored by the subsidiaries.
Finally, the assessment is carried out at subsidiary level through
the preparation of an HSE policy and its associated action plan.
The minimization and mitigation of environmental risks is a key
principle of such a policy, aiming firstly at proactive compliance
with regulations, and then at the prevention of pollution, reduction
of incidents, non-compliance and regulatory violations. For
existing operations, the analysis, to be carried out at least every
five years, should be conducted by an operations support team
whose functions are listed and defined in an internal procedure
and must be based on site observations. This procedure provides
a list of the minimum set of environmental issues that should be
taken into account when performing the environmental analysis.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

For new projects, the analysis should also be carried out, based
on references to existing environmental aspects of similarly
designed plants and any available project documentation. The
internal procedure specifies that the environmental analysis is to
be carried out by an internal cross-functional team (the specific
functions are listed in the procedure) to ensure a multidisciplinary
perspective on pollution risks. The consultation is based on
documentary information on the plant and an on-site assessment.
A similar process exists for new plants.
Opportunities related to pollution consist in the rollout of
innovative offerings enabling the Group’s customers to reduce
their impacts in terms of pollution. These are analyzed by market
managers through market studies. When significant opportunities
arise, they may lead to a development project to further assess
their potential or develop the product for commercialization. There
was no systematic analysis of the opportunities related to pollution
in the Group’s own operations.
The process of reviewing impacts, risks and opportunities
upstream and downstream of the value chain is conducted through
a stakeholder consultation, as described on page 289 –
paragraph 1.4.4. Air Liquide promotes the regular engagement of
all external stakeholders on environmental issues and applies the
same consultation process regardless of the environmental matter
in question.

2.5. BIODIVERSITY AND ECOSYSTEMS
2.5.1. Impacts, risks and opportunities
According to the double materiality assessment, described on
page 291 – paragraph 1.5, biodiversity is not a material topic for
Air Liquide. However, as a responsible company, the Group seeks
to limit its impacts on biodiversity, in particular through its policies
and procedures for managing gaseous, liquid and solid
discharges, its water management policy and its commitment to
carbon neutrality and the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions.
In 2022, (with an update in 2024) together with the I Care &
Consult Group (a consulting firm that specializes in the area of
biodiversity), the Group carried out an assessment of the impacts
and dependencies (both direct and indirect), and the risks and
opportunities related to biodiversity throughout the value chain.
This analysis is based on the five biodiversity impact factors
considered by IPBES (climate change, habitat change, pollution,
overexploitation of species and invasive alien species). It
concluded that most of the Group’s impact on biodiversity was
through its impact on the climate.
As part of this study, the proximity of the Group’s assets to areas
sensitive to biodiversity was assessed. As a result, a study
conducted in 2025 using IBAT (Integrated Biodiversity Assessment
Tool) identified areas classified as key, within a radius of less than
10 km in 2025. The results of this study indicate that less than 5%
of the Group’s assets include key biodiversity areas (KBAs) within
a radius of less than 10 km. The potential impact of activities on
key biodiversity areas is addressed directly by subsidiaries, without
a consolidated centralization at Group level, in particular through
respect of local regulation with, if necessary, the deployment of
attenuation measures. To date, the discussions established
between the Group and operational entities to identify the impacts
of operations on biodiversity have not detected any material
negative impact in these sensitive areas in terms of biodiversity.

AIR LIQUIDE

329

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Two activities are directly dependent on biodiversity: Seppic and
Biogas. These businesses have implemented policies that
respond more specifically to their own challenges. However, given
the size of the Biogas and Seppic businesses, these topics are
not material for the Group. Seppic manufactures specialty
ingredients and, as such, depends on agricultural supplies (raw
materials made from palm, coco, rapeseed, olives, etc.), and
implements sustainable sourcing policies for these products.
Biogas production is highly dependent on the supply mix of
biogenic inputs. In order to limit the impact on biodiversity, a
charter was drawn up with the WWF to set the conditions for a
biodiversity conservation project, and a set of eight criteria
(validated by the Investment Committee) must now be met to
launch a new biogas project.
More systematically, the internal procedures specify that all
subsidiaries are required to carry out an audit of both existing and
future sites, in order to assess their impact on biodiversity. In
particular, it is necessary to analyze the local fauna (wild animals,
livestock, protected species) and flora (protected species, woods,
crops, wetlands and agricultural areas) in order to assess whether
the potential impact of the activity is low, medium or high.
The Group is also committed to protecting biodiversity through the
following actions, validated by Act4nature International and
completed in 2025:
■ strengthening the criteria
in investment projects;

for

assessing

biodiversity

■ developing and implementing a global biodiversity indicator;
■ raising employee awareness of biodiversity issues;
■ reaffirming its climate and water ambitions.
Given the non-material nature of biodiversity for the Group:
■ transition risks and physical risks are assessed using
the climate risk procedure;
■ no material physical or transition risks or opportunities related
to biodiversity and ecosystems have been identified;
■ no systemic risk generated by biodiversity for the Group’s
business model was taken into account;
■ no systemic risk for society was taken into account in
the assessment of risks related to biodiversity and ecosystems;
■ the consultation mechanisms on biodiversity are similar
to those described on page 289 – paragraph 1.4.4;
■ no specific site, production or supply of raw materials with
negative or potentially negative impacts on the affected
communities has been identified;
■ communities were not
of the relative importance;

involved

in

the

assessment

■ except for Seppic and Biogas activities, those analyses did not
conclude the necessity of implementing specific mitigation
measures for the impact on biodiversity. These two
subsidiaries, which are directly dependent on biodiversity,
have identified actions to be implemented and established
procedures aimed at maintaining the value and functionality of
the priority services provided by biodiversity;

330

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

■ no scenario was used for the trajectories of biodiversity and
ecosystems because they seem to be of little relevance to the
Group’s activities.

2.6. RESOURCE USE
AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY
2.6.1. Impacts, risks and opportunities
The double materiality process concluded that resource
management and the circular economy were not material for the
Group’s activities and on its value chain. The first pillar of the
circular economy is waste reduction, in which the Group acts
continuously.
Air Liquide is committed to continuously improving its
environmental performance, particularly in terms of waste
management. In 2019, the Group adopted a refined approach,
focused on the main hazardous waste groups at each site, in order
to better assess the associated environmental impacts and
improve the management of its environmental footprint. Selective
collection is used for non-hazardous waste, mainly comprising
materials such as metal, paper, wood and plastics. Procedures
covering all subsidiaries set the objective that waste should be
minimized and adequately treated. All hazardous waste should be
covered and at least 90% of the total volume of waste should be
tracked. To achieve these objectives, the procedures require that,
in order of preference, waste should be avoided (including by
implementing eco-design principles in products), reused, recycled,
treated or recovered into energy and that, when no other
alternative is possible, it should be disposed of using appropriate
facilities. A waste management plan is drawn up and managed on
an annual basis, and should be reviewed every five years. A due
diligence procedure, supported by a checklist, is specified for the
choice of the subcontractor to whom this waste is entrusted. In
particular, when there are no local regulations on waste
management, subsidiaries are asked to prioritize waste treatment
in neighboring countries that have such regulations.
Waste consultation mechanisms are similar to those described for
pollution on page 329 – paragraph 2.4. The use of resources at
Group level has not been identified as a material issue. The Group
did not perform a specific review of the opportunities related to
circular economy in its value chain. Nevertheless, the Group offers
certain technologies that enable its customers to facilitate recycling
(e.g. gas for battery recycling) or reduce the quantity of waste
(e.g. gas for packaging food products in a protective atmosphere).
However, these are not material. No impact or material risk relating
to the transition to a circular economy was identified. The
Sustainable Procurement process was implemented based on
sustainable development criteria with respect to the most critical
suppliers. This process aims to monitor the risks of incidents linked
to the environment – and therefore covers circular economy – and
to promote the application of Corrective Action Plans as part of
continuous improvement in the value chain.

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

3. Information related to social matters
3.1. THE GROUP’S EMPLOYEES
3.1.1. Introduction
All Air Liquide employees, thanks to their commitment and skills, are the Group’s most important resource in the performance of its dayto-day operations.
In 2025, Air Liquide finished deploying the Group’s first single integrated HR information system (Workday). It is the source of the
Company’s HR data, covering 98% of employees as at December 31, 2025, and makes it possible to optimize HR processes and
consolidate data. However, some Group entities are not in the Workday scope, either because they were acquired recently or because of
their very small workforce. HR data from these entities is therefore collected manually, using a spreadsheet, and then aggregated with
data from Workday. All the quantitative indicators characterizing the Group’s employees are calculated on the basis of this aggregated
HR data.
The indicators relating to Air Liquide employees in this Sustainability Statement are communicated:
■ in terms of headcount;
■ at the end of the period, i.e. as at December 31, 2025.

Characteristics of the Group’s employees
The Group’s total number of employees stands at 65,168 people (1) as of December 31, 2025 (66,657 people as of December 31, 2024).

Breakdown of total employees by geography
Europe, Middle East, and Africa
including France
Americas
including the United States

2024

2025

26,843

28,124

11,940

11,346

26,089

25,322

20,043

19,421

Asia Pacific

13,725

11,722

Total Group Employees

66,657

65,168

The countries where the Group operates, with a number of employees representing at least 10% of the total number of employees, are France and the United States.

Breakdown of total employees by gender
2024

2025

Women

19,475

19,118

Men

47,135

46,002

Not Disclosed

24

38

Other

23

10

Breakdown of total employees by type of contract (permanent or temporary) and gender
Women

Men

Not Disclosed/
Other

Total

Number of Permanent Employees (a)

18,306

44,772

48

63,126

Number of Temporary Employees (b)

812

1,230

—

2,042

(a) Permanent employees are employees whose employment contract does not include an end date, including employees who are expatriated for a fixed period.
(b) Temporary employees are employees whose employment contract includes an end date, including apprentices.

Employee turnover rate and number
of employees who left the Group
In 2025, 8,781 employees left the Group following a resignation, dismissal, mutually agreed termination, retirement or death, which
represents an employee turnover rate (2) of 13.5%.

(1)

(2)

The employees included in the Air Liquide headcount are as follows:
– people linked to an Air Liquide Group company by a permanent or temporary employment contract, who perform full-time or part-time work in return
for remuneration; and
– who are placed under the hierarchical and/or functional authority of a manager who gives instructions, sets objectives and reviews their performance. In this
respect, employees are subject to the Group’s Human Resources (HR) policies and processes.
This definition excludes trainees and includes apprentices.
The employee turnover rate is calculated by dividing the number of employees who left the Group over the period (excluding end of temporary contracts),
by the total headcount at end of period.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

331

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Topics related to employees: impacts,
risks and opportunities
During the double materiality assessment (described on page 291
– paragraph 1.5), Air Liquide identified several material topics
related to employees. These topics, as well as the associated
impacts, risks and opportunities (detailed in the paragraphs cited),
are grouped as follows:
■ social dialogue, on page 332 – paragraph 3.1.2;
■ health and safety of the Group’s employees on page 335 –
paragraph 3.1.3;
■ diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention, on page 340 –
paragraph 3.1.4;
■ employee remuneration and benefits, on page 342 –
paragraph 3.1.5;
■ well-being at work, on page 344 – paragraph 3.1.6;
■ employability, talent and skills management, on page 345 –
paragraph 3.1.7; and
■ personal data protection, on page 347 – paragraph 3.1.8.
To achieve these results, all Group employees were taken into
account in the assessment. Particular attention was paid to
employees belonging to so-called vulnerable groups as described
on page 292 – paragraph 1.5.2.

3.1.2. Commitment to employees
Commitment to human rights
Air Liquide respects and promotes human rights in its operations
around the world. The Group fully supports the protection of
human rights, which includes, among others, health, safety, nondiscrimination, freedom of opinion, expression and association,
working under decent and fair conditions, the prohibition of child
labor and all forms of modern slavery. These commitments to
human rights are included in Air Liquide’s Principles of Action and
Code of Conduct and are available on its website (https://
www.airliquide.com/sustainable-development/human-rights).
Information relating to the Principles of Action and the Code of
Conduct is described on page 356 – paragraph 4.2.1.
The Group shares the principles laid down in the International Bill
of Human Rights, the International Labour Organization (ILO)
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the
Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development
(OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the United
Nations (UN) Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

Social dialogue: engagement with employees
and their representatives
Topics related to social dialogue: impacts,
risks and opportunities
Air Liquide operates in 59 countries (1) through its technical,
industrial, medical and economic activities. Aware of the
disparities in legislation and situations related to social dialogue
between these countries, the Group considers that Air Liquide
employees and their representatives may be negatively affected
by the absence or an insufficient level of social dialogue.
Inherent in the national and regional legal and contractual
framework, social dialogue is a topic under the responsibility of
the Human Resources function.
Air Liquide strives to create an engaging employee experience
based in particular on open, continuous and constructive social
dialogue between employees, social partners and Management.
The engagement is made with employees or their representatives.

Dialogue with employees through regular feedback
With the My Voice program, Air Liquide ensures that every
employee has the opportunity to express themselves and be
heard. Each year, Air Liquide submits a questionnaire to them,
asking them about their experience within the Group, in order to
better identify their expectations. This program is based on a
simple concept: listen, understand and act. The Vice President,
Group Human Resources Deputy, is responsible for this program.
The questionnaire addresses around 20 topics and allows
comments to be made. The questions relate to several dimensions
of the employee experience, both at the personal level (e.g. work-life
balance, inclusion, respect, empowerment, career and development
opportunities) and the functioning of the organization (e.g. safety,
continuous improvement, procedures, transformation and change,
decision-making and team collaboration). The responses are
confidential to ensure that employees are free to express their
thoughts. Results are collected in real time, aggregated and
analyzed by means of a shared system for the entire Group. Once
the survey is completed, each manager has access to their team’s
results – if the thresholds guaranteeing the confidentiality of the
responses are reached – to help them in their mission and enable
them to share the results with their team.

Air Liquide is also a signatory of the UN Global Compact and its
Ten Principles relating to human rights, labor, the environment
and the fight against corruption. Each year, Air Liquide issues a
letter of commitment, signed by its Chief Executive Officer, as well
as a Communication on the Progress of the strategic and
operational implementation of these Ten Principles, accessible on
the Global Compact website.

The results are studied in order to define and implement
appropriate action plans at the various levels of the organization:
at team, entity and Group level. It is recommended that these
action plans are communicated to the employees concerned and
that the actions are monitored. The effectiveness of an action can
be monitored by a quantified indicator or measured by the change
in the score of the associated theme in the following edition of the
My Voice survey.

Under the responsibility of the Chief Legal Officer Group
Employment Law, Compliance and Duty of Vigilance, Air Liquide
implements a human rights due diligence process based on the
approach advocated by the international standards mentioned

As part of the 2025 My Voice program, 86% of eligible employees
expressed their views, i.e. more than 52,000 employees leaving
over 330,000 comments.

(1)

332

above. Air Liquide’s approach to dialogue with employees and for
the remediation of impacts on human rights are described
respectively in the corresponding paragraphs below.

Excluding Russia, where the entities are no longer controlled nor consolidated since September 1, 2022.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

Dialogue with employee representative bodies

■ development of Global Business Services for EMEA;

In light of local regulations, situation and needs, each Group entity
defines, in agreement with the employee representative bodies,
where they exist, the work organization that will promote
engagement and performance.

■ sharing the Group’s approach to gender pay equity under the
European Pay Transparency Directive;

In Europe
The European Works Council of Air Liquide has 29 employee
representatives from 12 countries. It was renewed in 2025 for a
term of four years. In 2025, three plenary meetings of the
European Works Council were held under the chairwomanship of
a member of the Executive Committee.

■ presentation of proposed changes to the Procurement
Department in Europe;

In addition, the Council Board, composed of five members elected
in plenary session, met four times to be informed of and discuss
several transnational projects and topics of interest to employees
in Europe, in accordance with the founding agreement of the
European Works Council.
In 2025, the European Works Council and Company
representatives agreed an amendment to the revision of the
founding agreement on the European Works Council, in order to
revise the provisions relating to the confidentiality of particularly
sensitive information.
During the year, the Board was extended to include
representatives of the European Works Council, in countries in
which the project to create a north-central European cluster
(group of countries) was presented. The purpose of this meeting
was to illustrate the projects and enable employee representatives
to express their opinions as part of the information and
consultation process.

■ presentation of optimization and transformation projects in the
clusters (south-west and north-central Europe);

■ communication of the results of the My Voice program and
related action plans.
Each year, the Chairwoman of the European Works Council, in
consultation with the respective Directors, issues a report on
various topics relating to the Group’s businesses. The Group’s
annual results, and more specifically those in Europe and the
results related to extra-financial performance (e.g. safety,
reliability, employee turnover rate, training, diversity), have been
presented to and discussed with the European Works Council.

In France
The France Group committee brings together 25 employee
representatives from companies present in France. It was
renewed in 2024 for a term of two years.
In 2025, two plenary meetings were held (in June and December).
During these meetings, topics related to the Group’s current
strategic, financial, environmental and social issues were
presented and discussed.
For example, at the June France Group committee, the following
topics in particular were discussed:
■ the progress of the Group’s transformation program;

Following the consultation process, the European Works Council
delivered its opinions while dialogue continued at local level in
accordance with applicable laws. The European Works Council
called on the help of experts to gain a better understanding of
certain projects.

■ employment and social policy;

In 2025, several topics were addressed with the support and
direct participation of the internal parties concerned, including:

This dialogue then continued at local level within the Social and
Economic Committees of the Group’s various French companies.
These monthly committees discuss topical issues specific to
each business.

■ monitoring of transformation projects launched in 2024, such
as that of the south-west European cluster (group of countries)
or Global Business Services for Digital and IT Operations;
■ deployment of artificial intelligence to employees;
■ monitoring of the performance culture deployment;

■ presentation of the Financial Statements;
■ the Vigilance Plan;
■ sustainable development action programs.

Lastly, negotiations are held with the Representative Trade
Unions within the Group’s legal companies, on issues related to
social policy.

■ strategic analysis of the competitive environment;
■ analysis of challenges and discussion on the strategic areas
of the Healthcare Global Business Unit;

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

333

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Collective bargaining and social dialogue coverage
In 2025, in the European Economic Area where Air Liquide operates in 17 countries (1), more than 89% of employees were covered by a
collective bargaining agreement (2).
Employee coverage rate
(within the EEA)

Coverage by collective
bargaining agreement

Social dialogue
Workers’ representation (a)

0-79%

N/A

N/A

80-100%

France (b)

France (b)

(a) Employees represented by an employee representative are those who work in establishments where employees are represented by employee representatives.
“Establishment” is defined as any place of operations where Air Liquide carries out a non-transitory economic activity with human and material resources.
(b) The only country in the European Economic Area where the Group operates, with a number of employees representing at least 10% of the total number
of employees, is France.

Whistleblowing system and processes to remediate negative impacts
The Whistleblowing Policy is one of the main processes through which employees can raise concerns and/or complaints. The Policy, the
whistleblowing system and the subsequent remedial approach are described on page 356 – paragraph 4.2.1. The My Voice program
questionnaire, described above, includes a question related to the Group’s whistleblowing system, therefore enabling the measurement
of employees' level of trust in it. This system is not intended to serve as a platform for routine Human Resources issues which do not
involve a breach of the Code of Conduct. Such issues should be brought directly to the attention of Human Resources Departments.

Number of work-related incidents and complaints
The table below presents the number of work-related alerts in the Group’s ethics whistleblowing system concerning its employees,
reported in 2025, irrespective of their processing status and the conclusions after investigations.
2024

2025

Incidents of discrimination, including harassment (a)

310

298

Work-related complaints other than those related to discrimination (b)

137

148

0

0

Severe human rights incidents (c)

(a) Work-related alerts involving discrimination, retaliation, inappropriate behavior, harassment, including sexual harassment and bullying.
(b) Alerts related to Human Resources, with the exception of those related to discrimination, and to health and safety reported in the whistleblowing system.
(c) Incidents of forced or child labor.

As of December 31, 2025, Air Liquide is not involved in any complaint to the OECD National Contact Points for Responsible Business Conduct.
Air Liquide also has specific whistleblowing mechanisms for two of its material topics: health and safety and personal data protection.
These systems make it possible to identify and report incidents and employee concerns.
Urgent situations in terms of health, safety or security, or the most serious accidents cannot be processed by the ethics whistleblowing system.
The Safety and Industrial System Department has an internal reporting process for safety and security incidents, which makes it possible to
inform the management chain and the relevant safety or security managers of the subsidiary, Cluster (group of countries) and Group very
quickly, depending on the severity. A crisis management and incident monitoring process is implemented, when necessary, to ensure the best
care for any victims, secure the situation and establish an investigation team which is both qualified and adapted to the incident.
For personal data, Air Liquide has deployed specific tools to collect requests for the exercise of rights and to report possible violations of
personal data. A form is available on the Air Liquide website (https://contactprivacy.airliquide.com/) for contacting the services in charge of
personal data protection. Air Liquide employees can also contact their Information Protection Coordinator. In addition, Air Liquide has
signed a contract with a company responsible for finding and reporting personal data that is illegitimately accessible via the Internet.
These requests and alerts are recorded in a dedicated register. Alleged violations of personal data are systematically analyzed and, if
necessary, give rise to changes in management processes.

(1)

(2)

334

Namely Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania,
Spain and Sweden.
The collective agreements considered for the calculation of these percentages are those concluded at the level of an entity, a specific site, an industry and at
national level in countries where this practice is in force according to the definition of Convention No. 154 of the International Labour Organization (ILO): “all
negotiations which take place between an employer, a group of employers or one or more employers’ organizations, on the one hand, and one or more workers’
organizations, on the other, for:
– determining working conditions and terms of employment; and/or
– regulating relations between employers and workers; and/or
– regulating relations between employers or their organizations and a workers’ organization or workers’ organizations.”
Employees covered by collective agreements are those for whom the entity is required to apply the agreements. They may only apply to specific groups of workers.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

3.1.3. Health and safety
of the Group’s employees
Topics related to employee health and safety:
impacts, risks and opportunities
Safety and security refer to the measures and practices
implemented to preserve the life, health and physical integrity of
individuals. Safety is achieved by controlling industrial process,
road, occupational and product risks. Security is achieved by
protecting sites and operations, notably against malicious acts,
and by controlling business travel.
Due to the nature of the Group’s activities, the health and safety of
Air Liquide’s employees is a major issue. The handling of various
products, industrial processes and distribution methods
implemented by the Group can lead to endogenous negative
impacts for the Group’s employees as well as other workers on
site. Products such as the industrial and medical gases
manufactured, transformed or packaged by the Group constitute
hazardous materials. Their use is safe, provided that best
practices and recommendations are complied with. Accidents
related to the Group’s industrial processes can occur
unexpectedly with an immediate impact due to exposure to energy
sources, fluids and hazardous emissions such as electricity,
pressure, steam, hot water, high or very low temperatures, fires
resulting from flammable products and materials or electrical
installations and exposure of people to dust and hazardous
chemicals through inhalation, ingestion or skin contact. In
addition, industrial sites use numerous motorized lifting devices,
which present specific handling risks (collision, falling packages,
etc.) and require training and qualification to operate them.
In addition, road transport, a major activity for transporting
products to customers, exposes drivers (employees and
subcontractors) and third parties to the risk of road accidents.
Each year, delivery vehicles, sales staff and technicians travel
hundreds of millions of kilometers in the course of Air Liquide’s
activities. Non-compliance with traffic regulations, lack of regular
maintenance of vehicles or fatigue would expose drivers and third
parties to increased risks of accidents.
Security is an exogenous issue for the Group’s employees and
other people present on its sites. Politico-security incidents,
terrorism and criminality can expose these stakeholders to
negative impacts: threats, verbal or physical assault, theft.

Employee health and safety policy
Safety and security are an integral part of Air Liquide’s operational
excellence and culture, and the “zero accidents, on every site, in
every region, in every entity” ambition remains an essential
priority. The Group, as a responsible industry player, is therefore
committed to efficiently and under all circumstances reducing the
exposure of its employees including temporary workers to
professional, industrial and health risks. Commitment to safety is
total, visible and accompanied by unshakable vigilance. This
commitment is reiterated in the General Statement of Air Liquide’s
Principles of Action and its Code of Conduct (see page 356 –
paragraph 4.2.1).

The industrial risks are distributed over a large number of local
production sites. To assess and manage them, the Group has an
Industrial Management System (IMS) that applies to all
Air Liquide’s activities and all its entities, covering 100% of
employees. The IMS relies on the accountability of the
Departments of the various Group entities for the implementation
of this system and on the issuance of key organizational and
management procedures regarding, respectively:
■ compliance with standards and regulations;
■ competence management (training, qualifications if necessary,
and more);
■ process risk management;
■ occupational health, safety and environmental management;
■ road safety management;
■ industrial emergency management;
■ change management;
■ maintenance management;
■ control of products and services from providers;
■ management of installation projects;
■ management of product development;
■ management of production and service provision;
■ incident reporting and investigation;
■ management of industrial audits;
■ integration of shared
Group subsidiaries.

technical

standards

within

the

The IMS institutionalizes the methodical “Plan – Do – Check –
Act” approach which is essential for process safety. The efforts
made to carry out risk assessments are bearing fruit and the
lessons learned from incidents are being used to strengthen the
safety barriers of the installations, thus preventing the recurrence
of incidents.
The IMS is fueled by years of experience and designed with a
constant concern for the safety of the Group’s employees. The
IMS document library aims to document the Group’s knowledge
and requirements to ensure the safe and reliable operation of its
industrial processes. It is continuously updated and enriched.
The Safety and Industrial System Department and the Industrial
Department, under the supervision of a member of the Executive
Committee, supervise and control the implementation of the IMS,
by notably relying on:
■ various dashboards designed to monitor performance in terms
of safety;
■ process audits to verify the implementation conditions and
compliance of operations with IMS requirements;
■ thorough safety reviews prior to the start-up of any new production
unit to prevent any accidents due to a construction defect;
■ technical audits to ensure the compliance of operations with
Group rules.

The safety results for the past 30-plus years illustrate the longterm effectiveness of the Group’s actions in this area.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

335

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

The Industrial and Safety Committee is composed of the Industrial
Department, the Group Head of Safety, as well as a representative
of the Engineering & Technologies business unit. Its purpose is to
examine industrial risks and safety performance, as well as
monitor the progress of the main improvement measures, in
particular those relating to the greatest risks and/or cross-divisional
measures. The Committee meets six to eight times a year and is
chaired by a member of the Group’s Executive Committee.
The evolution of the safety performance of operations and their
level of compliance with IMS requirements are regularly monitored
by the Executive Committee.

Security of individuals
The security of individuals is one of the Group’s priorities. It
embodies the Group’s fundamental principle of responsibility. The
security teams have a duty to relay this principle.
The Security function at Air Liquide is fundamentally part of a logic
of goodwill and is centered on anticipation, prevention and
protection. The Group Security Department acts as a player
aware of the duty of vigilance and respect for the Group’s values
in its day-to-day work. A corpus of reference documents relating to
security is used to guide the entities in the implementation of the
necessary measures.

Actions related to employee health and safety
A Job Hazard Analysis ensures a safe workplace for all, with the
implementation of prevention measures adapted to the
configuration of the work environment and the needs of
employees. Thus, each job was subject to risk analysis in
accordance with the following steps:
■ identification of risks related to the tasks to be performed;

■ identification of critical points;
■ identification and implementation of prevention measures.
Work habits, poor posture, access routes, etc., are also taken into
account in these analyses.
Subsidiaries regularly report all safety and security events in the
Group’s reporting tool. Each month, every event reported is
reviewed by a team of experts. The most serious events are
analyzed in detail and presented to the Industrial and Safety
Committee (see page 87 – paragraph 5), the corrective action
plan is implemented and lessons learned are shared with Group
entities that could potentially be affected by similar situations.

Safety of individuals
Air Liquide relies on continuous actions to raise the awareness of
its teams through specific training related to the knowledge and
the mitigation of industrial risks that may affect individuals. Each
employee working on an industrial site receives training courses
and qualifications specific to their job and is provided with
personal protective equipment allowing them to perform their
tasks in the best conditions. Collective protective equipment is
also installed in the various workshops, if necessary.
Safety is a collective commitment and the responsibility of each
individual. Being aware of hazards and risks, applying the rules
and taking care of others – all this contributes to reducing the risk
of accidents and strengthening the Group’s safety culture. The
involvement of Air Liquide managers is an important lever
contributing to the improvement of safety. Safety leadership
training sessions are therefore organized regularly to encourage
managers to support safety efforts, show their commitment in the
field, and reward best practices.

■ assessment of their severity and the probability of occurrence;
The Group has drawn up and rolled out Life-Saving Rules. Everyone working for Air Liquide, whether an employee or subcontractor, must
be aware of these rules, follow them and always intervene if there is a risk of dangerous behavior or unsafe conditions. The meaning of
each rule is widely shared within the Group and with subcontractors. The Safety and Industrial System Department provides entities with
various communication, awareness-raising and training materials on Life-Saving Rules. Given their importance, non-compliance with any
of these rules by anyone working on an Air Liquide site is a serious act that may lead to a warning, or even penalties up to and including
suspension. These Life-Saving Rules, translated into all the languages of the countries in which the Group operates, and in force in all of
these countries, are as follows:

1. I do not work under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol.
2. I do not smoke outside the designated smoking areas.
3. I wear the Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) required
for the job.
4. I wear an ambient gas detector when required.
5. I never enter a confined space without authorization.
6. I work with a valid Safe Work Permit.
7. I apply isolation procedures before working on potentially
energized systems.
8. I do not disable an Element Important for Safety (EIS) without
an authorization and compensatory measures.
9. I wear fall-prevention equipment when working at heights.
10. I do not walk under suspended loads.
11. I secure the load on vehicles.
12. I always wear a seat belt when I am in a moving vehicle.

336

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

In 2025, specific actions were organized within the subsidiaries to
strengthen the safety culture and risk management, in addition to
existing workstation risk assessment approaches. Emphasis was
placed on the proactive identification of risks through the
deployment of “Process Risk Discovery” workshops aimed to
refine the analysis of industrial risks. At the same time, the “Stop
Work Authority” initiative has been actively promoted to boost
everyone’s responsibility. This approach aims to ensure that each
employee and contractor is aware of and applies their right and
duty to intervene and stop a task immediately if they identify a
dangerous condition or behavior.

Process safety
Process safety addresses risks relating to industrial facilities from
production to product implementation. It draws on Air Liquide’s
Industrial Management System (IMS), which applies to all
activities, and requires:
■ the identification of specific industrial risks for each activity;
■ the knowledge of scenarios and their potential consequences;
■ the implementation of appropriate preventive and protective
safety measures;
■ the monitoring and analysis of risks relating to new
technologies and events arising within the profession;
■ the feedback to facilitate learning, awareness-raising and the
promotion of a safety culture, and to improve prevention.
Risks related to process safety are analyzed using various
methods, in particular the HAZOP (HAZard and OPerability
analysis) methodology. A multidisciplinary team contributes to the
comprehensive identification of credible scenarios that could lead
to a critical situation, taking into account the unwanted events
identified through the analyses of process and HSE (Health
Safety Environment) risks. On this basis, each Group subsidiary is
required to implement measures to prevent the risks identified at
each of its industrial sites.
In addition to generic risks, each subsidiary, under the supervision
of its Managing Director, regularly identifies specific risks related to
its production and packaging activities. The objective is to identify
the hazards globally and for each facility, in order to assess the
risks and implement the necessary preventive measures.
In order to ensure that operations efficiently take this risk into
account, Air Liquide has introduced specific action plans, the
purpose of which is to control the most serious risks relating to
industrial processes. The progress of these plans is regularly
monitored by the Group’s Executive Management and by the
Industrial and Safety Committee.
The industrial process risk management process is subject to
regular audits by the Group’s Industrial Audit Department. The
IMS defines the industrial audit process, its governance and its
implementation. This audit process makes it possible to
periodically analyze and assess the compliance of the activities of
each subsidiary with its own industrial management system, the
effectiveness of this system and its compliance with the Group’s
Industrial Management System. Following an industrial audit,
action plans are implemented based on the opportunities for
improvement identified, and best practices are shared.
A regular assessment of industrial risks that may affect individuals
covers all Group activities in all geographies. The frequency of these
assessments is adapted to each subject: for example, monthly
safety performance reviews or an annual review of technical audits.
Other topics require assessments at an ad hoc pace.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Management of industrial emergencies
In the event of an emergency, the primary responsibility of the
entity’s Managing Director is to analyze its nature, assess both
the severity of the situation and the potential impacts on the basis
of the risks previously identified, and take all necessary measures
to ensure the safety of people. A 24/7 on-call system receives
emergency calls and contacts the people responsible for setting
up an appropriate response at local level.
A business continuity plan adapted to each entity describes the
previously defined sequence of actions that will allow the
continuation or restoration of operational functions, IT resources,
networks and facilities in the event of an unexpected disruption to
the service. The aim of this plan is to protect people and property
and to limit the impact of the disruption on the entity’s activities.
Exercises are regularly carried out on a variety of scenarios, and
the results and lessons learned are documented, thus informing
the business continuity plan.

Road safety
Air Liquide relies on a structured program to mitigate risks on the
road, based on a repository of internal requirements included in
the IMS.
The Group’s objective is to permanently reduce the frequency and
severity of road accidents, for its employees and subcontractors
as well as for third parties. It uses the following leverages to
achieve this objective:
■ implementation of the Group’s safety rules by all subsidiaries
and service providers;
■ replacing the fleet with safer vehicles;
■ improving the safety of drivers and third parties by introducing
the necessary behavioral changes through the deployment of
digital alert and support technologies;
■ systematically incorporating feedback from the most serious
events, and sharing best practices with all of the Group’s
subsidiaries and partners;
■ monitoring the implementation and effectiveness of measures
implemented by subsidiaries through dedicated audits.
Depending on the geographies, context, current legislation and
practices, the 2025 road safety priorities focused on the
implementation of all or some of the following measures:
■ the installation of onboard technologies such as cameras,
which can detect driver fatigue and distractions, or reversing
cameras to reduce blind spots, in order to help change driver
behavior or provide visibility of the vehicle’s surroundings;
■ increased dialogue on road safety both internally as well as
with service providers and other organizations specialized in
this subject, both locally and on an international scale.
Air Liquide regularly holds transport safety discussions and
knowledge-building events with its partners;
■ regular awareness-raising among professional and occasional
drivers on safe behavior on the road;
■ development of the role of master drivers (in driving and
loading/unloading operations) who mentor new drivers and
serve as role models within their organization. Identified on the
basis of technical criteria, these master drivers actively
contribute to forging the driver’s safety mindset and participate
in improving training and qualification processes.

AIR LIQUIDE

337

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Product safety
The IMS procedure on the management of product development
includes the analysis of associated risks, from the moment
the products are designed, including the need for them to be
used safely.
The regulatory watch process integrated in the Industrial
Management System (IMS) in place in each Air Liquide subsidiary
ensures product compliance with any regulatory changes
applicable to them.
In compliance with regulations in force, each gas storage device
is equipped with a label showing, among other things, the name of
the product and the associated risks.
In the particular case of gas cylinders, the color of the shoulder is
different depending on the main risk of the gas it contains. The
safety data sheets present the risks of each of these gases. The
cylinders are fitted with a cap protecting the valve which must be
operated by hand and whose connections differ depending on the
gas in order to avoid any incorrect connection. Their storage is
regulated and must be done in a dedicated place.

Security of individuals
The Group is attentive to the geopolitical environment of the
countries in which it operates. This is an important criterion in
investment decisions. A good understanding of the environments in
which the Group operates enables it to adopt a security posture in
accordance with its requirements and its duty to protect. Therefore,
it is essential for Air Liquide to properly identify the risks and
threats, to analyze and understand them and to put in place
security systems that protect employees, whether they are at their
usual workplace or they are traveling to a high-risk country.
The generic mapping of risks related to the security of individuals
is based on three types:
■ political and security risk;
■ risk related to terrorism;
■ risk related to criminality.
The Group Security Department establishes a classification of
security risks for the countries in which its employees work and
travel. It is based in particular on the official rating of five countries
(France, the United Kingdom, Canada, the United States and
Australia), coupled with an assessment by the global security
service provider for the Group. On a scale of four risk levels, it
enables the Group to determine and implement the appropriate
level of security measures corresponding to the level of threat
identified. The occurrence of serious or repetitive events results in
the review of a country’s risk level. The country manager must
approve the level of security risk determined for the country.
In 2025, only one of the countries in which Air Liquide is present is
classified as very high risk (Ukraine), and seven are high risk. The
others are split between moderate and low risk.
Based on the risk assessment, the Group Security Department
defines and coordinates the implementation of appropriate
measures to limit employee exposure to potential negative
impacts during a crisis or incident. It has a range of measures that
can be deployed, depending on the level of risk identified, in all
subsidiaries to protect employees and external stakeholders:
■ active and passive security systems across all sites. The
fundamentals of site protection policy of the Group include
secure fencing, a controlled access process, an adapted
security and surveillance system, and finally, the means to
intervene and respond in the event of an intrusion;

338

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

■ security reviews systematically carried out by the Security
Officers to ensure the proper level of protection of employees
and sites;
■ crisis management and business continuity processes to deal
with crisis environments and limit the impact on both
employees and organizations;
■ an analysis of the most serious incidents carried out by the
Group Security Department in collaboration with the local
entities to adapt the security rules. Surveillance camera
systems are set up to record the most critical points of a site
and the recordings are viewed after the event in order to
understand the origin of potential intrusions;
■ a series of measures intended to protect travelers, throughout
their travel:
– security awareness training for employees traveling to the
riskiest countries in order to inform them of potential threats
and the measures to be applied,
– all travel reservations to a very high-risk or high-risk
country are subject to a validation process by an
employee’s manager, then by the Security Officer of the
geography in question, who may even prohibit the trip,
– sending of alerts to travelers to make them aware of the
most important incidents when they are away,
– a dedicated application available to travelers to inform them of
imminent threats and thus be rescued as quickly as possible;
■ e-learning training in collaboration with Human Resources to
familiarize employees with new environments. Socio-cultural
differences are important elements of integration that must be
understood and assimilated and which allow for better
multicultural integration.
In parallel with the country risk classification, Air Liquide sets up
threat monitoring. The ability to collect, sort and analyze
information makes it possible to understand the specific
environments in which employees work by identifying threats and
anticipating possible incidents, crises or changes in the structural
or economic environment of the countries in which the Group
operates. Where necessary, Air Liquide updates the security and
travel rules to limit the exposure of its employees and adopts
conservative security postures to protect those most exposed.
In certain unavoidable circumstances, employees may be
witnesses or victims of illegal or criminal acts. It is important to
detect, analyze and understand these in order to better protect
employees and reduce the risk of occurrence. The Group has an
incident reporting system which, depending on the level of
severity, triggers a review and analysis process for these
incidents. The Group conducts a systematic review of incidents in
order to better understand the type, frequency and level of impact
on its operations. This system makes it possible to understand the
origin of malicious acts and to act locally on the security rules in
place to protect employees and other stakeholders.
In all its subsidiaries, the Group has security officers who are
regularly trained to adopt the appropriate security posture and
implement the security measures that protect employees. A
security review system enables assessment of the level of
protection of a subsidiary in terms of security according to the level
of threat in a country and its sensitivity level. This classification
makes it possible to assess whether the security systems are
properly deployed in the subsidiaries in order to guarantee the
appropriate level of protection for employees and subcontractors.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

These systems are monitored by the Regional Security Officers
and the Group Security Director. They make it possible to adapt
the security posture according to specific events or crises.
In very high-risk countries, these security measures are
strengthened. More generally and as part of a responsible
approach, the Group interacts with some of the most
disadvantaged surrounding communities by implementing actions
to benefit them. In some townships, such as in Brazil or South
Africa, local jobs are offered to help integrate these communities
and reduce the risk of malicious acts.

Objectives related to employee health and safety
The Group has not formalized quantitative targets for health and
safety indicators. However, all Air Liquide subsidiaries share the
aim of achieving “zero accidents” and the objective of
continuously improving their safety performance. As set out below,
the Group also measures the effectiveness of the actions and
policies it implements through indicators.

Indicators related to employee health and safety
Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries and work-related ill health
among Group employees and temporary workers
Number of fatalities as a result of work-related injuries and work-related ill health
among subcontractors
Number of recordable work-related accidents among Group employees
and temporary workers
Rate of recordable work-related accidents for Group employees and temporary
workers
Number of cases of recordable work-related ill health among Group employees
Number of days lost (a) to work-related injuries and fatalities from work-related
accidents and fatalities from ill health of Group employees and temporary workers

2024

2025

1

0

2

0

319

294

2.42

2.22

2

3

4,001

1,472

(a) Days lost are calculated according to local regulations.

The lost-time accident frequency rate is one of the safety performance review indicators. As illustrated in the chart below, this frequency
rate has steadily improved over the years for Air Liquide employees and subcontractors.

LOST-TIME ACCIDENT FREQUENCY RATE (a) AMONG AIR LIQUIDE EMPLOYEES AND SUBCONTRACTORS

(a) Number of accidents with at least one day’s absence per million hours worked.

The lost-time accident frequency rate for Air Liquide employees, including temporary workers, has significantly improved (-44%) to 0.4 at
the end of 2025, compared to 0.7 at the end of 2024.
Similarly, the lost-time accident frequency rate for subcontractors continued to improve in 2025, dropping to 0.7 at the end of 2025,
compared to 1.1 at the end of 2024.
To maintain this performance over the long term and continue to reduce the number of lost-time accidents, the Group must remain
vigilant at all times and continue to raise awareness and take all preventive measures to further improve the safety culture within teams.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

339

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

3.1.4. Diversity, inclusion
and harassment prevention
Topics related to diversity, inclusion and harassment
prevention: impacts, risks and opportunities
The Group’s employees may be adversely affected by incidents
of discrimination or violence and harassment in the
workplace. Employees belonging to so-called vulnerable groups
such as women, young people, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+
people, ethnic, religious or cultural minorities are more likely to be
exposed to such impacts.
In addition to incidents of violence and harassment, cognitive
biases in recruitment and talent management processes can
result in negative impacts related to indirect discrimination
such as unequal opportunities and denial of access to
employment, promotion or salary reviews.

Diversity, inclusion and harassment
prevention policy
According to its Principles of Action, Air Liquide is committed to
respecting human rights and ensures all its employees working
conditions based in particular on the absence of any discrimination
as well as promoting an inclusive culture and diversity.
In this spirit, in its Code of Conduct, the Group undertakes to
promote diversity and equal opportunities in career development,
regardless of any considerations, in particular of ethnic origin,
gender, nationality, religion or beliefs, age, disability or sexual
orientation, and does not tolerate any form of harassment or
discrimination. Air Liquide therefore:
■ provides all its employees with the same opportunities to
develop and make the most of their talents;
■ is committed to promoting the inclusion of people with disabilities;
■ supports and promotes a workplace free from all forms
of harassment.
Information relating to the Principles of Action and the Code of
Conduct is described on page 356 – paragraph 4.2.1.

Equal opportunities for all
As part of its Human Resources policy, Air Liquide focuses on the
career path of employees: from their recruitment to career
management, including their remuneration and benefits, and their
personal development.
This career path is built around the performance, skills and
qualifications of each individual, regardless of any other
considerations.
Diversity – a source of dynamism, innovation, attractiveness and
talent retention – is a priority of the Group’s Human Resources
strategy and policy. It is a fundamental element of the
organization, in terms of both businesses and employees, and
drives the Group’s long-term performance.

Inclusion of people with disabilities
Convinced that the wealth and strength of a company come from
the singularities of each of its employees, Air Liquide is
committed, alongside all stakeholders, to the inclusion of people
with disabilities.

Preventing harassment
Air Liquide pays particular attention to preventing all forms of
harassment, whether intimidation, sexual harassment, violence or
any act contributing to a climate of threat in the work environment.
The Vice President, Group Human Resources Deputy, is
responsible for the Group’s HR policy in terms of diversity,
inclusion and harassment prevention, as well as its rollout.

340

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Actions related to diversity, inclusion
and harassment prevention
To facilitate the implementation of these principles and prevent all
forms of discrimination and harassment, Air Liquide has drawn up
its Inclusion & Diversity roadmap based on three pillars:
■ setting and monitoring action plans at entities level;
■ mitigating bias in discussions
Resources processes;

and

improving

Human

■ promoting a culture of inclusion.
This roadmap is reviewed once a year at an Executive Committee
meeting and is adjusted locally.
In 2025, Air Liquide set up a Diversity & Inclusion Committee
chaired by a member of the Executive Committee. Bringing
together representatives of the three geographical areas and
Human Resources, this Committee supports the rollout of the
roadmap by setting priorities, notably to accelerate the
implementation of the Group’s engagements.

Setting and monitoring action plans at entities level
As Air Liquide’s activities are based on technical and expert
occupations, in which there are disparities between women and
men, the Group decided to monitor and set action plans for
gender
diversity,
specifically
among
“Managers
and
Professionals” and at the highest level of responsibility (senior
executives), to the extent permissible by local law.
In this respect, the entities carried out an assessment of the
current practices to define actions at the Cluster (group of
countries) level to foster a culture of diversity and thus contribute
to the objectives described hereinafter.
To monitor the roadmap’s implementation and measure progress
on a regular basis, a quarterly dashboard is shared with members
of the Executive Committee as well as with the Vice Presidents of
Human Resources of the Clusters (groups of countries).
Air Liquide has improved the management of its objectives—
described hereinafter—in 2025 by deploying a “Gender Balance
Assessment Tool” to all its entities. This tool allows them to
assess possible biases in key areas such as selection processes,
the allocation of raises, promotions or allocation of equipment.
The main aim is to encourage the management teams of each
entity to identify areas for improvement specific to their scope in
order to promote inclusive hiring and retention within their entity.

Mitigating bias in discussions
and improving Human Resources processes
Reducing prejudices and preventing harassment
and discrimination
The Human Resources functions analyze processes and
practices to identify potential biases. They set up awarenessraising sessions on the various types of biases to limit these
prejudices and increase diversity, particularly among managers,
so that they reflect the society and culture of the countries in
which the Group operates.
Each year, Air Liquide rolls out for all its employees an online
mandatory training module, which is regularly updated, dedicated to
its Code of Conduct (addressed on page 356 – paragraph 4.2.1). In
2025, emphasis was notably placed on preventing harassment and
discriminatory behaviors, as an overarching theme, strengthening
the Group’s ethical requirements in terms of diversity and inclusion.
This process concludes with an online signature, by which
employees undertake to comply with the rules of the Code
of Conduct.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

Implementation of an Intranet site dedicated
to Human Resources to improve processes
The Intranet site dedicated to HR process management brings
together the Group’s HR standards, enabling standardized
management of talent and thus limiting discrimination risks. In this
context, a new performance review framework was implemented
in 2025. The performance review covers both the achievement of
objectives (the “What”) and the expected behaviors (the “How").

Promoting a culture of inclusion
Supported by Human Resources, numerous global and local
initiatives are undertaken to promote inclusion at Air Liquide.
Thus, each business and entity, while taking into account their
local and regulatory context, implements its own Inclusion &
Diversity roadmap and the associated action plans.
In 2025, the Group proposed an agenda of events dedicated to
diversity and inclusion, whose aim is to raise awareness of the
different dimensions of diversity and mitigate unconscious bias,
including Women’s Rights Day, multicultural intelligence, pride
month, neurodiversity, age, experience and disability.

Inclusive workplace requirements for people in operations
A new HR framework ensures the protective equipment meets the
specific needs of all employees, alongside security measures
during night shifts. It also includes privacy and hygiene rooms
separated by gender, and a nursing room for breastfeeding
women. All employees participate in regular awareness training to
foster an inclusive workplace and prevent all forms of harassment.

A leadership program for women
Among the Group learning offer related to leadership, one
program is dedicated to women, to share their challenges and
equip them with tools supporting their leadership development.
After a successful pilot carried out in 2024, this program, designed
to enhance equal growth opportunities, was made permanent in
2025 for three categories of employees:
■ early career;
■ technical experts;
■ experienced managers.
165 women took part in this second series of sessions in 2025.

Promoting the inclusion of people with disabilities
In response to two areas of work highlighted and communicated (in
Europe) by General Management at the end of 2022, namely
recruitment and career planning for people with disabilities, actions
are carried out in each country, in compliance with local regulations
and taking into account the specificities of their businesses.
The signing of a 6th company agreement in favor of the
recruitment, retention in employment and career development of
people with disabilities in France for the 2023-2025 period
(covering approximately 6,000 employees) is one example. The
objective, set jointly with the social partners, is to increase the
direct employment rate of people with disabilities from 4.46% in
2022 to 6% by the end of 2025. It stood at 4.7% in 2023 and 5.0%
in 2024 (calculated in April 2025).

Maternity leave standard
A standard on maternity leave covers a set of principles and
requirements applicable to all sites, both before and during
maternity leave or when mothers return to work. Thanks to this
new standard, Air Liquide is fully committed to providing an
inclusive environment and supporting women in the workplace.

Objectives related to diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention
Gender equality
Based on an internal analysis, the Group has set several gender diversity objectives which are integrated into its ADVANCE program.

% (1) OF WOMEN AMONG GROUP MANAGERS
AND PROFESSIONALS

% OF WOMEN AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL
OF RESPONSIBILITY (SENIOR EXECUTIVES)

In 2020, the reference year, the share of women “Managers and Professionals” in the Group was 30% (2). This share has continuously
increased since 2020 to reach 33.8% in 2025 (33.1% in 2024).
This trajectory relies on a strong commitment from the top management, supported by the Executive Committee, as well as on the local
roll-out of action plans for gender equality promoting the reduction of bias in the recruitment and retention of talent. At the same time,
Air Liquide continues to cultivate its inclusive environment through awareness-raising programs and regular events that ensure the
sustainability of Air Liquide’s culture of diversity, valued by its employees (8,2 out of 10 obtained from the related question in the My Voice
internal survey).
The Group intends to pursue its efforts to strengthen this representativeness across all its activities.
In 2020, the reference year, the share of women at the highest levels of responsibility was 21%. This figure reached 24.7% in 2025
(23.7% in 2024).

(1)
(2)

Results up to 2024 are rounded off in increments of 0.5%.
Rounded off in increments of 0.5%.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

341

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Indicators related to diversity, inclusion and harassment prevention
Breakdown of total employees by gender
Women

Men

Not disclosed

Other

Total number
of employees

19,118

46,002

38

10

65,168

including France

4,595

6,747

4

—

11,346

including the United States

3,569

15,822

20

10

19,421

Total Group Employees

The countries where the Group operates, with a number of employees representing at least 10% of the total number of employees, are France and the United States.

Breakdown of senior executives (1) by gender in number and percentage
2025

2024

2025

2024

In number

Percentage

Women

88

92

23.7%

24.7%

Men

283

280

76.3%

75.3%

Not Disclosed/Other

—

—

—%

—%

The Group’s ambition to strengthen gender balance is pursued by an action plan consisting of identifying both male and female “high
potential” talents, creating a pool from which to fill the most senior positions in the Group. Particularly within the Executive Committee,
where the provisions of the Rixain Law mandate an obligation of 30% of women by 2026 and 40% by 2029. In accordance with the
requirements of Art. 8 of the Afep-Medef Code, the Board of Directors determined an objective relating to gender diversity for governing
bodies (Executive Committee). In this regards, the Board has adopted the same thresholds as those defined by the Rixain Law.
In 2025, the percentage of women on the Executive Committee was 30.8% (4 women among its 13 members).

Breakdown of total employees by age group
2025

2024
In number

Percentage

Under 30 years old

8,100

7,709

12.2%

11.8%

Between 30 and 50 years old

38,427

36,269

57.6%

55.7%

Over 50 years old

20,130

21,190

30.2%

32.5%

3.1.5. Employee remuneration and benefits
Topics related to employee remuneration
and benefits: impacts, risks and opportunities
All Air Liquide employees receive remuneration and care
coverage that must, as a minimum, comply with local regulations.
However, disparities may exist between the countries in which the
Group operates. From one country to another, legal thresholds for
remuneration and care coverage are heterogeneous and may not
be sufficient to cover the basic needs of employees and their
families (food, water, housing, health and education). These
situations can lead to negative impacts for the affected employees.
Therefore, Air Liquide is committed to offering all its employees
access to a common basis of care coverage, as described below,
which may go beyond local regulations and which provides a
positive impact for its employees.
In addition, disparities may also remain in terms of the gender pay
gap. Such situations are likely to have a negative impact on the
affected employees.

Employee remuneration and benefits policy
Air Liquide’s policy is to provide adequate, competitive and fair
remuneration and benefits, with particular attention to gender
equality. This policy meets expectations of transparency and

(1)

342

2025

2024

fairness, as well as the need for social protection for employees
and their families.
The Vice President, Group Total Rewards and International
Mobility, is responsible for Air Liquide’s remuneration policy,
overseen by the Group Vice President of Human Resources.

Remuneration structure
Air Liquide’s remuneration structure is based on local market
practices, internal fairness and compliance with regulations. It is
made up of a number of components, applied consistently based
on responsibilities:
■ Base salary: this is determined according to the salary scales
specific to each entity. Overtime payments may be made in
accordance with applicable local agreements and practices.
An increase campaign (base salary and, where applicable, a
variable portion) is conducted every year by Human
Resources. This transparent process is based on local
inflation, individual performance and market positioning.
Discussions are held with social partners where appropriate,
and line managers are always involved in this process.
Adjustments may also be made, particularly following a
promotion, as part of a change of position.

Air Liquide defines the concept of senior executives as employees with the highest levels of responsibility in the Group, including the members of the Executive
Committee, regardless of their hierarchical level within the organization.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

■ Variable remuneration: most employees in management
positions are eligible for a variable portion, rewarding the
achievement of collective and individual objectives.
■ Other benefits: depending on the country, some employees
may also receive other benefits such as transportation
allowances, meal allowances, education allowances and oncall bonuses.
■ Other components: may be added, according to local
regulations and practices:
– participation and profit-sharing schemes (for all employees
in France),
– pension savings schemes, which Air Liquide may also
contribute to (for more details, please refer to page 233 –
note 23 “Employee benefit obligations” to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in Chapter 4 of this document),
– long-term incentive schemes (performance shares) for
executives and certain key employees in the
59 countries (1) in which the Group operates,
– employee stock purchase plan (ESPP), offering shares at a
preferential price. (for more details, see page 187 –
paragraph “Employee savings and share ownership” in
Chapter 3 of this document).

Objectives related to employee remuneration
and benefits
As part of its sustainable development objectives announced in
2021 and its ADVANCE strategic plan, Air Liquide has committed
to offering common basis of care coverage to all its employees by
2025, including death coverage, access to medical care and a
minimum 14 weeks of paid maternity leave.

SHARE OF EMPLOYEES WITH A COMMON BASIS
OF CARE COVERAGE

Common basis of care coverage

A dedicated team within the Human Resources Department has
overseen the deployment. In 2021, the reference year, 34% of the
Group’s employees (excluding apprentices) were covered. This
increased to 78% at the end of 2023 and reached 100% in 2025.

Air Liquide has set up a common basis of care coverage for all its
employees (except apprentices). This guarantees:

Indicators related to employee remuneration
and benefits

■ compensation of at least one year’s salary in the event of death;

Adequate wages

■ access to inpatient and outpatient medical care;

Air Liquide is committed to ensuring that all of its employees
receive a remuneration that provides a decent standard of living
for them and their families.

■ maternity leave of at least 14 weeks, paid at 100% of the
base salary.

Actions related to employee remuneration
and benefits
Air Liquide’s actions regarding remuneration and benefits are
primarily built around three axes:
1. use of a reference framework classifying all jobs and allowing
them to be compared to the salaries of similar positions on the
local market, based on independent market studies. The
positioning of each salary is therefore communicated to the
direct line manager, who is therefore in a position to make an
informed decision during the annual salary increase campaign;
2. placing performance recognition at the heart of its processes by
basing remuneration decisions on employee performance (Pay
for Performance) according to Group assessment standards;
3. in particular, monitoring and addressing the gender pay gap
where necessary. In 2025, the following corrective measures
were carried out:
– regular pay gap assessments by the entities,
– recording any narrowing of these differences in annual
salary reviews,
– one-off salary adjustments if necessary,
– harmonization of wage standards by job grade,
– awareness-raising sessions for Human Resources teams.
The implementation of mechanisms contributing to fair processes
and the promotion of transparency are essential measures that
aim to achieve greater fairness through the existence of common
guidelines and policies.

(1)
(2)

The living wage is defined as the remuneration received by an
employee, for work performed under normal conditions, during
standard working hours and in a given geographical area, which is
enough to:
■ cover their basic needs and those of their families (food, water,
housing, clothing, transport, education, health, communication,
etc.), in line with the local economic situation;
■ enable them to cope
(precautionary savings).

with

life’s

unforeseen

events

The Group has chosen to work on the basis of a household
composed of two adults and a number of children depending on
the fertility rate, and to rely on two major non-governmental
organizations with recognized methodologies, the Fair Wage
Network and WageIndicator. Both offer living wage thresholds that
are updated regularly and at least once a year.
These living wages are compared locally with the statutory
minimum wages in countries where they exist.
The highest local threshold between the living wage and the
minimum wage is compared to the employees’ total remuneration,
which consists of the base salary, recurring variable remuneration
and other fixed allowances paid.
It results that at December 31, 2025, 100% of the Group’s
employees (2) receive an adequate wage.
In order to ensure a living wage for all its employees and to
prevent any gap, an annual analysis of all remuneration will be
conducted on the basis of the updated living wage thresholds.

Excluding Russia, where the entities are no longer controlled nor consolidated since September 1, 2022.
The following were excluded from the scope of analysis: employees with less than 12 months’ seniority (due to eligibility rules for certain components
of remuneration), employees of entities outside of Workday’s scope, long-term inactive employees, expatriates, apprentices and unionized employees whose
salary increases are governed by law.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

343

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Gender pay gap

3.1.6. Well-being at work

In 2025, the gender pay gap was 7.8%. By way of comparison,
this gap was 9.3% in 2024 (indicator recalculated in 2025 (1)).

Topics related to well-being at work: impacts,
risks and opportunities

The calculation of this indicator is based on data not adjusted by
country nor by job category, nor for any specific characteristics
such as seniority, experience, performance or the market.

Working time and work-life balance are material issues that may
temporarily or permanently negatively affect the Group’s
employees in the following ways: excessive working hours,
intense workload, insufficient rest on one hand, psychosocial
risks or work-related ill health on the other hand.

It is calculated (2) for the Group (for entities deployed under the
Workday HR information system, i.e. 98% of employees)
according to the following formula, as defined by European
Sustainability Reporting Standards:
(Average level of gross hourly remuneration of male
employees - average level of gross hourly remuneration
of female employees)
Average level of gross hourly remuneration of male
employees

x 100

Gross hourly remuneration comprises base salary, mandatory
indemnities and target variable remuneration.

Annual total remuneration ratio

Due to the diversity of its activities and its business model, as well
as its presence in 59 countries (3), Air Liquide is characterized by
local employees with a range of professions and profiles.
The total annual remuneration ratio is calculated based on
remuneration data available (4) in our HR information system. The
nature of this data may vary from country to country.
It is calculated for eligible employees covered by the Workday HR
information system (specifically excluding apprentices and
participants in recruitment programs) according to the following
formula, as defined by European Sustainability Reporting Standards:
Total annual remuneration of the Company’s highest-paid
employee
Median total annual remuneration of all employees
(excluding the highest-paid employee)
In 2025, the total annual remuneration ratio was 98.3.

In addition, the digitalization of the work environment has
transformed operating methods. The Group offers its employees
new ways of working which can change their work-life balance.
The integration of new digital resources into working practices can
lead, on the one hand, to difficulties of adaptation, and, on the
other, to greater flexibility. Remote working, offered for positions
that allow it, facilitates the reconciliation of professional and
private life. These new technologies are used carefully in order to
minimize their negative effects and maximize their positive
effects.

Well-being at work policy
In 2020, Air Liquide rolled out its BeActEngage framework, which
describes the way of working at Air Liquide and specifies what is
expected of employees, in order to enable them to develop in an
engaging, diverse, inclusive and high-performing work environment:
■ Be: live our fundamental principles, namely safety, ethics and
long-term performance;
■ Act: act for our success by keeping our promises with
discipline and making effective decisions;
■ Engage: be a single team and perform in the common interest,
by empowering and delegating at the right level.
In 2024, this framework evolved to incorporate new challenges. It
has been published and made available to all Group employees. It
is illustrated in the BeActEngage Playbook, “The way we perform
and care as one Air Liquide”.
The process to improve the BeActEngage framework continued in
2025. The following measures have helped reinforce and
perpetuate this culture:
■ deployment: more than 95% of employees worldwide took part
in the dedicated workshops;
■ performance assessment: the framework is now integrated into
the assessment criteria for all employees;
■ governance: the Group’s transformation projects are based on
this framework and specific systems have been developed for
senior executives.
The Vice President, Group Human Resources is responsible for
the deployment of the BeActEngage framework.

(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)

344

According to the same methodology as that used to calculate the 2025 gap. This data is therefore not comparable to that published in 2024.
Apprentices, expatriates and employees who did not wish to declare their gender or non-binary employees are excluded from the calculation.
Excluding Russia, where the entities are no longer controlled nor consolidated since September 1, 2022.
I.e. the base salary, mandatory indemnities, target variable remuneration and the market value of annual long-term remuneration plans (such as the award
of performance shares).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

Actions related to well-being at work
One of the pillars of Air Liquide’s Human Resources strategy,
applicable to the Group as a whole, is to create an engaging and
inclusive employee experience.
This close attention paid to the experience and well-being is a key
factor in attracting, retaining and developing employees.
With the My Voice program (see above on page 332 –
paragraph 3.1.2), Air Liquide strives to offer each employee a
successful experience, by prioritizing listening and dialogue, at all
stages of their career within the Group.
At the end of 2025, with the survey having taken place in October,
the process of identifying and deploying actions based on the
results of the survey was still ongoing, both at the level of team
managers and at higher levels within the Group.
Analysis of the feedback shared by employees in 2024 made it
possible, for example, to deploy the following actions in 2025:
■ at Group level, the deployment of “Career Discussions” to
formalize regular discussions on career paths and
development opportunities and thus give employees better
visibility on career opportunities;
■ organizing “Manage your career” virtual events at regional
level for all employees;

Moreover, the Group designed a “Next Normal” framework to
support the evolution of the ways of working (team management;
a supervised remote working policy; a reorganization of
workspaces; a framework for rethinking interactions with
customers and patients; a new framework for a responsible travel
policy within Air Liquide).
Employee adjustment to remote working was facilitated by the
existence of a digital and collaborative environment that had
already been rolled out within the Group several years ago, as
well as the development of virtual training courses covering
remote working and managing teams remotely. As part of this
framework, the European Works Council also prepared a guide
sharing key points during the renovation of workspaces. Initially
designed for team leaders, the guide helps entities set up new
working methods based on the first global experiences.

Objectives related to well-being at work
Air Liquide has not set measurable objectives in terms of results
for its actions carried out for the well-being at work of its
employees, but nevertheless measures the effectiveness of its
roadmap through its My Voice program (for more details, see
page 332 – paragraph 3.1.2) and through regular dialogue in
place within the teams.

Indicators related to well-being at work

■ continuing to take action to facilitate the day-to-day lives of
employees, at entity level.

Being qualified as phased-in, indicators related to well-being at
work are not published in 2025.

In addition, as part of BeActEngage, all employees are
encouraged to give their feedback on a regular basis, whether to
their line manager, their colleagues or their employees where
applicable, in a constructive spirit of mutual assistance to enable
everyone to thrive in an engaging environment.

3.1.7. Employability, talent and skills
management

To meet specific needs, regional initiatives were rolled out:
■ The “Care & Perform” initiative, which has been developed in
partnership with the European Works Council, acts as a
framework for the prevention of psychosocial risks. It relies on
a charter based on concrete principles of action related to
organization, workload and work-life balance. This approach is
implemented locally in several European countries by the
signing of agreements on remote working and the right to
disconnect, thus supporting the evolution of working practices;
■ employee assistance programs have been set up in certain
geographies (France, Germany, Italy, Belgium, among others,
as well as in several Asia Pacific countries such as China,
Australia and Singapore, and in all Latin American and North
American countries). These programs are designed to provide
a confidential support service to help employees manage a
wide range of personal situations such as life's difficulties,
stress or work or financial issues. Employees and their
immediate family members can use this service. In 2025, the
scope of this coverage was expanded to include new entities,
primarily in Belgium;
■ in October – World Mental Health Awareness Month – various
events (such as webinars, safety moments or round-table
discussions) were organized in North America to raise
awareness among employees, fight stigma and promote
mental well-being for all.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Topics related to employability, talent and skills
management: impacts, risks and opportunities
Air Liquide depends on its employees and their technical skills,
necessary for its activities, for the performance of its operations. A
too high turnover rate on the one hand or a lack of employee
qualifications on the other hand can affect the availability of
talent and could thus disrupt operations.
As part of its plan for the transition to a carbon-neutral economy
(described on page 304 – paragraph 2.2.1), Air Liquide
encourages the development of its employees’ skills towards
more sustainable jobs. The Group’s employees most affected by
this transition are those from the Engineering & Technologies and
Large Industries business lines.

Employability, talent and skills management policy
The performance of the Air Liquide Group’s operations is driven,
in particular, by the quality of all its employees, their skills and
their commitment. Developing employees according to their
aspirations and the needs of the organization is an integral part of
Air Liquide’s HR policy to preserve their employability and is
based on two main principles:
■ career reviews during which employees discuss their career
plans with their line manager and/or HR;
■ the 70-20-10 learning model, which is based on the
assumption that 70% of what we learn is done by practicing a
new activity, 20% is done by observation or interactions with
others, and 10% is done through formal training. These
development needs are discussed and recorded during annual
performance reviews.

AIR LIQUIDE

345

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

This policy is visible to all employees on the HR pages of the
Group’s Intranet and on the Air Liquide University Intranet,
dedicated to training and skills development. The Vice President,
Group Human Resources Deputy is responsible for the Group’s
HR policy in terms of employability, training and employee
development, as well as its rollout.
Linked to its carbon neutrality by 2050 objectives, the Group has
published a Just Transition Statement on its website: https://
www.airliquide.com/sites/airliquide.com/files/2024-06/just-transitionen-06-2024.pdf. It describes the principles of change management
and the development of skills towards more sustainable jobs, in
particular in the Engineering & Technologies business line – where
new technologies need to be mastered – and the Large Industries
business line – where these technologies will be deployed and
operated. Part of Air Liquide’s DNA, cross-functional mobility
remains the preferred means of developing productive career paths
and reinforcing the skills and employability of employees.

Actions related to employability,
talent and skills management
One of the pillars of Air Liquide’s Human Resources strategy is to
promote career-long learning and accelerate the development of
its employees in three areas:
■ career path;
■ enhancing employability, leveraging all learning methods;
■ maintaining and developing technical expertise.

Career path
Career development reviews are conducted regularly by line
managers and HR to support each employee in their career. This
means having an open discussion about their current role, their
professional interests and the actions to be undertaken to develop
their careers, including skills enhancement, where necessary.
Career reviews are planned according to the key stages of the
career path of an employee:
■ during the 1st or 2nd year in the Group;
■ after three to five years in the same position;
■ on returning from a long period of leave;
■ more generally, when the employee so requests.

Strengthen employability
Air Liquide’s involvement in the energy transition and the
digitalization of its activities is giving rise to needs in new
disciplines (data science, artificial intelligence, etc.) and new
business lines (hydrogen, decarbonization, etc.), opening up new
employment prospects for its employees. Air Liquide supports its
employees by enabling them to develop their professional skills
and know-how throughout their career, so that they can maintain
their employability.
To meet the specific needs of the business lines most exposed to
the need to preserve their employability in the context of the energy
transition, in particular the Engineering & Technologies, as well as
Large Industries, an assessment of specific technical skills and
areas for improvement was carried out. Based on this analysis, the
operational and HR teams have developed action plans to meet the
challenges of the energy transition (see Just Transition Statement:
https://www.airliquide.com/sites/airliquide.com/files/2024-06/justtransition-en-06-2024.pdf).

346

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The 70-20-10 learning model used by Air Liquide encourages
employees to play an active role in their own development and
offers a wide range of practices:
■ trying out new activities through contributions to crossfunctional projects or short-term assignments that may or may
not involve geographical mobility;
■ learning from others and sharing knowledge through activities
such as mentoring, coaching, participation in communities of
practice, networking;
■ training:
– implementing on-site training courses to support the
digitalization of industrial processes,
– availability of a wide range of training courses managed by
Air Liquide University and being enriched year on year to
cover many topics such as:
•
•
•

digital and artificial intelligence with the “AI acceleration”
program to raise awareness of issues (notably ethics)
and develop artificial intelligence skills within the Group,
team leadership and management, to support
employees who supervise their own teams or coordinate
cross-functional teams, at all levels of responsibility,
climate change, the energy transition, the Group’s
sustainability objectives and decarbonization strategy and
its operational deployment to support all its employees,

– individual training needs are managed by the Learning and
Development Centers of Expertise in collaboration with
managers and local HR teams.

Maintaining and developing technical expertise
The Technical Community Leaders (TCL) program enables talents
in technical domains to access career paths that offer them both
recognition of their technical expertise and opportunities to
develop and evolve in their field.
Today, Air Liquide has more than 5,400 technical experts, playing
a driving role in sharing expertise and technical excellence,
serving its customers and patients. This community of the Group’s
technology experts contributes to the transfer of the know-how
that Air Liquide will need in the future.
As part of this TCL program to identify talent through annual
appointment campaigns, 79 new international technical experts
were appointed in 2025, in nine areas (Large Industries, Industrial
Merchant, Healthcare, Electronics, engineering & construction,
Innovation and Technologies Division, Industrial Operations &
Security, Digital & IT, Hydrogen Mobility). 347 local experts have
also been appointed.
The TCL program is a key driver of innovation that contributes
significantly to ensuring the long-term safety of its products and
the performance of the Group’s operations.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

Objectives related to employability,
talent and skills management
Air Liquide has not set measurable objectives in terms of results
for the actions it takes for the employability, training and
development of its employees, but nevertheless measures the

effectiveness of its roadmap through its My Voice program (for
more details, see page 332 – paragraph 3.1.2) and through the
regular dialogue established between employees, their manager
and their HR contact, including annual reviews, among others.

Indicators related to employability, talent and skills management
Percentage of employees who participated in an annual review, by gender
Among all employees

2024

2025

97.9%

96.1%

Among women

97.1%

96.2%

Among men

98.3%

96.1%

Gender not disclosed/other

96.9%

97.0%

The percentage is calculated on the basis of the total number of
employees eligible (1) for these reviews, taking into account local
legislation in force, i.e. 61,625 employees at the beginning of the
campaign, representing 94.6% of the total workforce.
The performance and career development review assesses the
employee’s performance with regard to the achievement of
objectives defined at the beginning of the year, their contributions and
their behavior. It also assesses their strengths, areas of development
and related actions. The aim is to improve performance, support their
commitment and promote their career advancement.
To encourage these reviews, the Group conducts an annual
campaign from the beginning of December to the end of February.
The figures reported here relate to the 2024 campaign (at the end
of 2025, the campaign for the period was still ongoing).

3.1.8. Personal data protection
Topics related to personal data protection: impacts,
risks and opportunities
The dishonest use of personal data can violate the privacy, rights
and property of individuals, or be used for discrimination. The
people most likely to be exposed to these risks in the context of
Air Liquide’s activities are the 65,168 Group employees and the
2.3 million home healthcare patients treated by Air Liquide. A
breach of personal data security is characterized by the
destruction, loss, alteration or unauthorized disclosure of personal
data transmitted, stored or processed in another way, or
unauthorized access to such data, whether accidental or unlawful.
The negative consequences of a breach vary according to the
nature, sensitivity and extent of the personal data entrusted to
Air Liquide and necessary in the context of its activities and
having been the subject of a breach.
Leaks of employee personal data, whether or not due to a
cyberattack on the Group’s IT systems, may expose it to legal
consequences such as litigation, sanctions and penalties, as well
as reputational consequences.

Personal data protection policy
In May 2018, Air Liquide adopted and had the European data
protection authorities approve Binding Corporate Rules (BCR)
which embody the Group’s commitment to the protection of

(1)

personal data. Considering European regulations to be among the
most protective in the world, Air Liquide, through the BCRs,
provides the same level of protection in all of its operating entities.
These binding corporate rules provide in particular for the adoption
of a personal data protection policy accessible to all on the
Group’s website (https://www.airliquide.com/sites/airliquide.com/
files/2018/05/23/air_liquide_bcr_global_privacy_policy.pdf) and on
the Group’s Intranet site dedicated to Digital Security and
data protection.
The Policy defines:
■ global rules to be followed by the Air Liquide Group for
the collection, use and disclosure of personal data:
– Rule No. 1 – Personal data must be collected for specific,
explicit and legitimate purposes;
– Rule No. 2 – Ensure that there is a legal ground
for the processing of personal data;
– Rule No. 3 – Ensure that only adequate, relevant
and limited personal data is collected and retained
for a limited period of time;
– Rule No. 4 – Be transparent to individuals whose personal
data is collected and how their personal data will be used;
– Rule No. 5 – Ensure that the processing of sensitive
personal data is allowed;
– Rule No. 6 – Uphold the rights of individuals;
– Rule No. 7 – Ensure that individuals are able to object
to direct marketing communications;
– Rule No. 8 – Prevent solely automated individual decisionmaking, including profiling;
– Rule No. 9 – Ensure security and confidentiality
of personal data;
– Rule No. 10 – Implement appropriate measures for transfers;
■ complaints and requests in relation to the Policy;
■ third-party beneficiaries rights;
■ guarantees provided by the BCRs.
In its Code of Conduct, Air Liquide translates its commitments
expressed in the Policy into rules of good conduct applicable to
employees. Information on the Code of Conduct is provided on
page 356 – paragraph 4.2.1.

The following were excluded from the calculation scope: employees on fixed-term contracts, employees hired after September 30, 2024, employees of entities
outside the Workday scope, employees on long-term leave or unionized employees according to local regulations.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

347

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Actions related to personal data protection

■ analyses of protection by design and by default and risk analyses;

The actions resulting from the implementation of the BCRs are:

■ the process for exercising rights and reporting possible
data violations;

■ the appointment of a Data Protection Officer (DPO) who relies
on a network of more than 150 regional or local Information
Protection Coordinators (IPC) spread throughout the Group
(whether operations or functions) to steer and coordinate
actions to protect personal data;
■ the signing of contracts between L’Air Liquide S.A. and its
subsidiaries which formalize the commitment of the
subsidiaries to the BCRs; and
■ the rollout of tools such as:
– records of personal data processing activities,
– initial employee training accompanied every two years by a
reminder during training sessions on the Code of Conduct,
– consideration of the protection of personal data by default
and from the design stage of the processing,
– risk analyses regarding the protection of personal data,
– various means available to contact the DPO and IPC to
allow internal or external natural persons to make a request
to exercise their rights as specified in the Group’s personal
data protection policy (Rule No. 6) or to report any personal
data
protection
breaches
(see
page
334
–
paragraph Whistleblowing system and processes to
remediate negative impacts).
Operating entities describe the personal data they own or use and
the appropriate protection measures. The assessment of this risk
and the corresponding security measures are validated during the
creation of or implementation of major changes to the processing
of personal data (in particular when revising the operational
processes or IT tools supporting them). The points assessed
include in particular:
■ the nature of the personal data (e.g. patient health data, asset
and financial data of Shareholders, family or financial data of
employees);
■ the purposes of personal data processing activities;
■ the functions that process personal data within Air Liquide;
■ third parties to whom personal data may be entrusted
or transferred outside the Group;
■ the possible transfer of personal data outside the European Union.
This information as well as the protective measures are grouped
together in the record of personal data processing activities.

■ contractual clauses with third parties (in particular with
subcontractors to which Air Liquide entrusts the processing of
personal data on its behalf);
■ requests for access to personal data by State authorities or
security services.
The questionnaires are reviewed and checked by the regional IPC
and the DPO. The level of maturity of entities is assessed on a
four-point scale and aggregated at Group level. Activities related
to the protection of personal data as well as the results of these
various measures are presented internally to the Digital Security
Committee, and the Ethics and Compliance Committee, as well as
to the Audit and Accounts Committee of the Board of Directors.
Lastly, the Group’s Internal Audit Department includes the
protection of personal data in the planned audits of entities or
conducts audits specific to the protection of personal data as part
of the internal audit plan or at the request of the DPO.

Objectives related to personal data protection
Air Liquide has not set itself a measurable objective in terms of
results regarding its actions to protect personal data, but
nevertheless measures the effectiveness of its actions relating to
the protection of personal data through the assessment of the
maturity of the entities described in the previous paragraph. In
2025, the maturity of entities for the protection of personal data
was 3.62 out of 4.

3.2. WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN
3.2.1. Introduction
Topics related to workers in the value chain:
impacts, risks and opportunities
According to the definition of value chain on page 289 –
paragraph 1.4.3, workers in the Group’s value chain included in
the scope of the double materiality assessment are as follows:
■ upstream of its operations:
– employees of its tier-one suppliers and subcontractors
(direct suppliers),
– employees of their own suppliers and subcontractors if an
impact, risk or opportunity has been identified
concerning them;

Personal data processing identified as having the greatest impact
on people (for example, processing of patients’ personal data) are
reviewed annually by internal experts. Regular processes
measure the volume of requests to exercise rights and of possible
personal data violations and the contractual adherence of Group
entities to the Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs). In order to
measure the level of maturity of the Group’s entities with regard to
the protection of personal data, a self-assessment questionnaire
is completed by each Group entity employing more than four
people. This questionnaire covers:

■ in its operations, employees of its direct suppliers present on
its sites and not covered by ESRS S1 – Own workforce;

■ the existence of a BCR adherence contract;

According to the double materiality assessment described on
page 291 – paragraph 1.5, the following issues relating to workers
in the value chain are material:

■ the presence of a local representative of the Data Protection
Officer – DPO (the local Information Protection Coordinator –
IPC – or another person in case of a specific obligation
deriving from a country’s legislation);
■ the existence of the records of personal data processing
activities;

■ downstream of its operations:
– employees of companies involved in the logistics,
distribution and delivery of Air Liquide products to its
customers and patients. These companies are considered
and managed by Air Liquide as direct suppliers in the same
way as those upstream of its operations,
– its customers’ employees.

■ health and safety;
■ working conditions; and
■ child labor and forced labor.

■ employee training;

348

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

Health and safety is a material issue for workers in the Group’s
value chain. Upstream, employees of the Group’s industrial
suppliers or those present on Air Liquide sites have been
identified as being exposed to health risks, potential loss of
income due to workplace accidents, occupational illness or, in the
worst case, death. Downstream, customer employees could be
affected by the delivery of defective products or equipment.
Issues relating to the working conditions of employees of
Air Liquide’s suppliers are also material. Job insecurity can be
accentuated by certain purchasing practices, such as seasonal
demand, or temporary peaks, as well as by restructuring plans
organized by suppliers. The absence of working time regulations
in the Group’s sourcing countries may lead to cases of abuse of
overtime without appropriate remuneration for workers in the
supply chain. Furthermore, the payment of inadequate
remuneration to suppliers’ workers should also be taken into
account. Lastly, psychosocial risks, as well as occupational
disease related to the work-life balance, may affect employees of
the Group’s suppliers.
Child labor and forced labor could occur in Air Liquide’s upstream
value chain. Forced labor consists of any work done against a
person’s will and under the threat of any penalty, including
restrictions on movement, withholding of identity documents or
wages, and debt bondage. Child labor is similar to forced labor
that endangers the health, moral or intellectual development of
children who are victims of this impact. Migrant workers and
children are particularly vulnerable to these impacts due to the
lack of protection resulting from their illegal status.
The Group identifies the geographies as well as the nature of the
activities of Sustainability-Critical Suppliers that represent a higher
probability of forced labor or child labor. Each country in which the
Group’s suppliers are located is assessed on the basis of a
weighting of public indicators using a three-level scale (severe,
high, low). This assessment, produced by the Group’s
Sustainable Procurement Department, identified the four highestrisk countries where Sustainability-Critical Suppliers are located
for forced labor or child labor: China, India, Egypt and Türkiye.
With regard to the nature of the activities of the suppliers, each
supplier is linked to a procurement category to which a level of
sustainability criticality is assigned based on the international
standard industrial classification using a three-level scale (severe,
high, low). Procurement categories classified as “severe criticality”
for forced labor and child labor are combustible gases, fuels and
lubricants, waste treatment and disposal, and Digital & IT.
In addition, the partial or complete inaccessibility of
whistleblowing channels can exacerbate these negative impacts
and prevent the remedy and implementation of preventive measures.
The double materiality assessment concerning workers in the
value chain was based on the annual campaign to assess
Sustainability-Critical Suppliers in line with the Sustainable
Procurement procedure. It makes it possible to identify and
assess the impacts related to sustainability among the Group’s
direct suppliers. The assessment campaign is rolled out annually
by local procurement teams. It is coordinated at Group level by
the Sustainable Procurement Department. This assessment
campaign has a broader scope than the social issues covered by

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

the standard for workers in the value chain and also covers other
human rights issues, as well as environmental and ethics issues.
More information on the Sustainable Procurement procedure as a
whole is available on page 359 – paragraph 4.4.1.
A Sustainability-Critical Supplier is identified using three criteria:
■ annual spend, which is used to prioritize suppliers and
systematically include in the identification of SustainabilityCritical Suppliers those with whom the Group spends more
than 200,000 euros per year;
■ risk related to the nature of a supplier’s activity, which depends
on its allocation to one of 17 procurement categories, which
are subdivided into more than 600 procurement subcategories. Each procurement sub-category is allocated a
global sustainability risk level, which includes in particular
human rights and working conditions, using a three-level scale
(severe, high, low);
■ risk relating to the supplier’s country of operation, which is
assessed based on a weighting of recognized public indicators
in particular in terms of the health and social situation
(e.g. Human Development Index, HDI) and human rights
(e.g. Global Slavery Index, ITUC Global Rights Index), using a
three-level scale (severe, high, low).

Human rights commitment for workers
in the value chain
Air Liquide respects and promotes human rights in its operations
around the world. Air Liquide shares the principles laid down in
the International Bill of Human Rights, the International Labour
Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and
Rights at Work, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises
and the United Nations (UN) Guiding Principles on Business and
Human Rights.
The Air Liquide Supplier’s Code of Conduct, updated in 2023 and
available on its website (https://www.airliquide.com/sustainabledevelopment/sustainable-procurement) aims to promote and
ensure that all its suppliers respect, among other things, human
rights, health, safety and security. It is based on the Group’s Code
of Conduct. The adherence of suppliers to the principles inscribed
in the Supplier’s Code of Conduct is a prerequisite for any
commercial relationship relating to the supply of goods and/or
services to Air Liquide. Suppliers commit, in particular, to support
and respect human rights and not to be complicit in abuses of
these rights. The Code then describes, in more detail, the
obligations incumbent on suppliers in terms of human rights.
Under the responsibility of the Chief Legal Officer Group
Employment Law, Compliance and Duty of Vigilance, the Group
implements a human rights due diligence process among its
suppliers based on the approach recommended by the
international standards mentioned above. Air Liquide’s approach
for dialogue with workers on the value chain and to remedy
impacts on human rights is described below.
The Group’s policy on child labor and forced labor is described on
page 352 – paragraph 3.2.4.

AIR LIQUIDE

349

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Consultations with workers in the value chain
and processes to remediate negative impacts
The Group Procurement Department engages with its suppliers
about their potential impacts on their own workers through various
channels:
■ when qualifying suppliers, Air Liquide communicates its
requirements and requires them to adhere to its Supplier’s
Code of Conduct and its Code of Conduct in the
contractualization of its business relationships;
■ during the annual assessment campaign for its SustainabilityCritical Suppliers, as explained on page 351 –
paragraph 3.2.3, the Group engages with them to assess their
performance and, where necessary, establish and implement
corrective action plans.
The Group also uses monitoring mechanisms to collect the
interests and views of workers in the value chain through their
legitimate representatives, such as international trade unions, or
credible proxies such as civil society organizations or third-party
assessment companies:
■ the supplier relationship and risk management procedure
requires that a new supplier is subject to preliminary checks
before its qualification, particularly in terms of respect for
human rights. These checks are based on the use of Dow
Jones databases including in particular international sanction
lists and any existing adverse media articles on a supplier.
This media watch makes it possible to report the claims and
grievances of workers in the value chain. Moreover, the
assessment of Sustainability-Critical Suppliers also includes a
controversy component;
■ the perspectives of the legitimate representatives of workers in
the value chain are also taken into account when identifying
Sustainability-Critical Suppliers and more specifically for the
assessment of country risk, particularly through the
International Trade Union Confederation’s Global Rights Index;
■ the Procurement Department and the Duty of Vigilance
Department continuously monitor countries and subjects of
interest to civil society concerning the value chain as part of
their responsibilities.
Concerning the Group’s customers, page 353 – paragraph 3.3.1
explains the Group’s commitment measures towards its customers.
Finally, the Group whistleblowing system is accessible to all
workers in the value chain in order to prevent the occurrence of
negative impacts and implement the necessary remedies.
Suppliers are informed of this possibility through the Supplier’s
Code of Conduct, which includes a section on the ethics
whistleblowing system. Air Liquide’s Whistleblowing Policy and
system, to which workers in the value chain have access, are
described on page 356 – paragraph 4.2.1.

350

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

3.2.2. Health and safety of workers
in the value chain
Health and safety policy for workers
in the value chain
In accordance with Air Liquide’s safety rules, the Group requires
its suppliers to implement and maintain robust health and safety
management systems. Its Sustainable Procurement procedure
and Supplier’s Code of Conduct (described on page 359 –
paragraph 4.4.1) require suppliers to comply with international
health and safety standards. They state that suppliers shall:
■ enforce laws and regulations aimed at protecting the health,
safety and security of their employees and contractors;
■ ensure the health, safety and security of Air Liquide employees
at their facilities;
■ comply with Air Liquide’s Life-Saving Rules.
The Group thus ensures that the level of safety and rigor as
regards suppliers is equivalent to that expected for the Group’s
employees. This includes ensuring that work is not carried out if it
cannot be performed in complete safety, monitoring accidents and
complying with regulations aimed at protecting the physical
integrity of workers. A safe work environment ensures that
personal well-being is a priority, minimizes production
interruptions and is aligned with Air Liquide’s values of efficient
and sustainable operation. Air Liquide manages the impacts on
the health and safety of workers in the value chain through its
framework for safe and reliable operations (described on
page 335 – paragraph 3.1.3).

Actions related to the health and safety of workers
in the value chain
In order to improve the safety performance of suppliers and its
subcontractors, the Group has identified various levers according
to the types of subcontractors (types of contracts, business lines,
geographies, etc.), and improvement actions are gradually
implemented.
First, the contracts signed with suppliers and subcontractors
include clauses relating to safety. This has the effect of anchoring
the obligation of suppliers and subcontractors to respect a certain
level of safety in their operations. Moreover, new suppliers are
subject to a technical assessment covering, in particular, safety
and reliability issues.
In addition, the Group communicates to its suppliers and
subcontractors on its sites the values, standards and safety
standards in force that they must comply with. Safety instructions are
widely shared, understandable and detailed in the organization of
work with subcontractors, who are supervised during the execution
of services. Finally, Air Liquide assesses the safety performance of
subcontractors once the task has been completed and encourages
sharing in the form of feedback. This practice makes it possible to
improve processes for managing safety impacts.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

The Safety and Industrial System Department has an internal
process for reporting safety or security incidents, open to workers
of the Group’s suppliers and subcontractors present on its sites. It
makes it possible to inform the management line and the relevant
security or safety managers of the subsidiary, the group of
countries (Cluster) and the Global Business Units (GBUs) very
quickly, depending on the severity. A crisis management and
incident monitoring process is implemented, when necessary, to
ensure the best care for any victims, secure the situation and
establish an investigation team which is both qualified and
appropriate to the incident. This reporting tool is described in
more detail on page 335 – paragraph 3.1.3.

Objectives related to the health and safety
of workers in the value chain
The Group has not formalized quantitative targets for health and
safety indicators. However, Air Liquide assesses the effectiveness
of the actions implemented for the health and safety of the
workers of its suppliers through the assessment of SustainabilityCritical Suppliers provided for in the Sustainable Procurement
procedure (see page 351 – paragraph 3.2.3) and some indicators
related to the health and safety of workers of its value chain on its
sites (see page 335 – paragraph 3.1.3).

3.2.3. Working conditions
Working conditions policy for workers
in the value chain
Air Liquide uses a Sustainable Procurement procedure to promote
and ensure that suppliers comply with the sustainable
development standards to which Air Liquide adheres in its
activities and operations. Covering broader areas than social
matters relating to workers in the value chain, this procedure and
its main components are described on page 359 –
paragraph 4.4.1.
With regard to issues relating to working conditions, the Supplier’s
Code of Conduct explicitly states that suppliers shall in particular:
■ comply with applicable laws and sector-specific labor
regulations concerning working time, including overtime laws;
■ provide wages and benefits at least as prescribed by the
respective national laws, including minimum wage legislation,
in line with existing practices in the industry and local labor
markets and ensure fair compensation according to local living
conditions;
■ work with certified recruitment agencies with fair and ethical
recruitment methods.
Air Liquide expects its suppliers to adhere to its Supplier’s Code
of Conduct prior to the establishment of any business relationship.

Actions related to the working conditions of workers
in the value chain
The Procurement Department is responsible for purchasing
categories, with the exception of energy purchases. The latter is
managed by Departments specialized in energy management.
The Procurement Department defines the Sustainable
Procurement strategy and procedure. The Sustainable
Procurement team, which is part of the Supplier Risk and
Relationship Management and Sustainability team, coordinates its
deployment with specialists within the local procurement teams in
each Cluster (group of countries) and Global Business Unit.
The annual assessment campaign for Sustainability-Critical
Suppliers provides for support to these suppliers in the
implementation of sustainability risk management systems within
their operations.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

A supplier identified as being Sustainability-Critical undertakes to
be assessed on its sustainability performance. The assessment
takes the form of two types of questionnaire:
■ from a mandated third party, EcoVadis in 2025, specializing in
the assessment of CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility)
performance, which uses an online questionnaire based on
international standards (e.g. ISO 26000, Global Compact,
ISO 20400, ISO 31000). The questionnaire assesses suppliers
on four main themes: the environment, human rights and
working conditions, ethics and the sustainable procurement
procedures implemented by suppliers;
■ from Air Liquide, which has created an internal questionnaire,
as an alternative to the solution offered by the mandated third
party. This questionnaire is sent to Sustainability-Critical
Suppliers selected for the assessment campaign who refused
to reply to the questionnaire sent by the mandated third party.
It includes 10 questions on the four themes used by the
EcoVadis platform.
According to the assessment’s results, suppliers can be
considered as a:
■ responsible supplier: if the global score is equal to or greater
than 45/100 and no theme is rated less than or equal to
20/100, the supplier meets the Air Liquide Sustainable
Procurement procedure requirements. Validity of the score: five
years or upon renewal of the contract (whichever comes first);
■ supplier needing improvement: global score between 25/100
and 44/100 or when the global score is equal to or greater than
45/100 but one theme is rated less than or equal to 20/100.
Validity of the score: three years, during which the supplier will
implement a corrective action plan;
■ non-compliant supplier: overall score less than or equal to
24/100 or refusal by the supplier to complete the assessment.
Validity of the score: one year. A corrective action plan is
required in the month following its rating and must be
implemented before the supplier’s reassessment 12 months
after its rating.
For non-compliant suppliers and those needing improvement, an
on-site environmental/social audit may be decided on to help
define the action plan.
The Group’s Sustainable Procurement manager and the
specialists from the Supplier Risk and Relationship Management
and Sustainability team coordinate the implementation of the
corrective action plans related to the assessment campaign. In
accordance with the assessment procedure for SustainabilityCritical Suppliers, suppliers needing improvement and noncompliant suppliers must establish a corrective action plan.
Air Liquide asks these suppliers to complete and upload proof of
their corrective action plan via the third-party platform.
Depending on the size of the company or the type of actions to be
rolled out, these plans can be established in different ways, for
example:
■ on the basis of the improvement areas identified during the
assessment on the third-party platform or in the internal
questionnaire;
■ by suppliers participating in training sessions organized by
specialists from the Supplier Risk and Relationship
Management and Sustainability team on sustainable
development topics.

AIR LIQUIDE

351

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

In some cases, despite all the efforts made by the Procurement
teams with the suppliers concerned, the corrective action plans
requested are not carried out. When constraints specific to the
Group’s business so require (e.g. public energy suppliers), the
Procurement teams draw up ad hoc due diligence measures.
Subsequently, the decision to continue with the suppliers
concerned is made by local management. These decisions are
formalized and monitored.
Following the results of the assessment and the review of the
corrective action plans, Air Liquide may decide to suspend its
commercial relationships with non-compliant suppliers.
In addition, the Group may verify compliance with the rules set out
in the Code of Conduct through a questionnaire or an audit
carried out by itself or by a third party. In the event of noncompliance by a supplier with the terms of the Supplier’s Code of
Conduct, Air Liquide reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to
terminate any commercial relationship with the supplier. Finally,
the Group whistleblowing system is available to all Group
stakeholders, including workers in the value chain, and provides a
means to remedy the situation. The Group’s whistleblowing
system is described on page 357 – paragraph 4.2.1.

Objectives and indicators related to the working
conditions of workers in the value chain
The implementation of the Sustainable Procurement procedure is
monitored by the Procurement Department.

■ 93 suppliers needing improvement were invited to set up
corrective action plans. 93 of them have prepared action plans;
■ 1 non-compliant supplier was invited to set up a corrective action
plan. The supplier prepared and completed the action plan.
At the end of the 2025 campaign, 625 of the Sustainability-Critical
Suppliers have a valid assessment (see page 351 –
paragraph 3.2.3). Other suppliers are being monitored to
complete an assessment or implement a corrective action plan.
The results of the assessment using the external platform show
that the average current score is 55/100 for Sustainability-Critical
Suppliers. The two topics with the highest scores are human
rights and working conditions and the environment, with an
average of 60/100.
The annual assessment campaign of Sustainability-Critical
Suppliers is monitored using three key performance indicators to
ensure its effective rollout, promote continuous improvement in
sustainable practices among Air Liquide supplier panel and
enhance supplier compliance. Specifically, these indicators help
the Group track participation in the campaign, progress on
supplier action plans and ensure that non-compliant suppliers
address critical issues, with a target of 100% for the second and
third indicator reflecting the Group’s commitment to zero tolerance
towards these suppliers. For the first indicator, the target was set
equal to or higher than the previous year’s level to drive year-onyear improvements.

In 2025, among the 685 Sustainability-Critical Suppliers, the
assessment campaign and action plans addressed 336 of them:
■ 242 suppliers were invited to complete a questionnaire; 207 of
them (86%) were assessed (67% using the third-party platform
and 33% by Air Liquide using the internal questionnaire);
Key indicators

Share of Sustainability-Critical Suppliers addressed by the annual assessment
campaign that responded
Share of suppliers needing improvement that prepared a corrective action plan
(annual assessment campaign)
Share of non-compliant suppliers that prepared and implemented a corrective
action plan

2025 objectives

2025 results

85%

86%

100%

100%

100%

100%

These key performance indicators and their progress are regularly presented to the Group Procurement Management Committee, which
brings together the Procurement Directors of the Clusters (groups of countries) and of the Global Business Units (GBUs). They are also
sent to the Duty of Vigilance and Ethics supervisory bodies.

3.2.4. Prevention of forced labor
and child labor
Forced labor and child labor prevention policy
Air Liquide expects its business partners to respect these
fundamental human rights by requiring suppliers to comply with
the CSR clause, the Supplier’s Code of Conduct and the
Sustainable Procurement procedure, described on page 359 –
paragraph 4.4.1. The Supplier’s Code of Conduct explicitly states
that suppliers shall:
■ prohibit all forms of forced and compulsory labor, including
involuntary prison labor and any form of modern slavery;
■ prohibit child labor:
– the minimum working age shall not be lower than the legal
minimum age, under applicable laws, or the age of 15
years, whichever is higher,
– workers engaging in hazardous work, i.e. any work that is
likely to jeopardize a worker’s health, safety or morals, shall
not be less than 18 years of age.

352

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Actions related to the prevention
of forced labor and child labor
The Sustainability-Critical Supplier assessment campaign notably
includes the respect for human rights and for international
standards applicable to forced labor and child labor.
At the same time, Air Liquide carries out a preliminary check of
new suppliers by monitoring negative press articles on human
rights and labor rights issues. If a new supplier is exposed to risks
related to these categories, the relationship cannot be initiated or
continued without an in-depth verification of the controversies and
the agreement of the Chief Legal Officer Group Employment Law,
Compliance and Duty of Vigilance.

Objectives related to the prevention
of forced labor and child labor
With the exception of the objectives related to working conditions
described above, Air Liquide does not have additional human
rights due diligence objectives for workers in the value chain.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

3.3. PATIENTS AND CUSTOMERS
3.3.1. Introduction
Topics related to patients and customers: impacts,
risks and opportunities
In an increasingly dynamic and competitive environment, the
satisfaction of its customers and patients is an essential driver of
the Air Liquide Group’s long-term performance. To affirm this
priority, the Group’s Customer Experience Department is
overseen by the Group’s Chief Executive Officer. Air Liquide’s
“Customer Experience” program is based on three pillars:
knowledge of its customers, empowerment of teams and
continuous improvement.
Since 2017, the Group has been directed toward a customercentric transformation, boosted by a customer experience
management tool called “Voice of Customer” (VoC). This solution
allows all entities to regularly poll an unlimited number of
customers and patients, analyze their comments in real time,
identify people who are dissatisfied, contact them and take the
necessary steps to address the reasons for their dissatisfaction.
Thanks to the broad sharing of feedback at every level of the
Group, appropriate action plans have been identified and
implemented to improve their experience. To date, VoC has
already been rolled out on a large scope covering 88% of the
Group’s sales worldwide.
The VoC survey is now available in two formats: an annual survey
that covers all stages of the customer experience and a more
frequent transactional survey that measures satisfaction at a
particular stage: offer, order, delivery, invoicing, technical service,
etc. Their feedback indicates that the Group’s customers
particularly appreciate the quality of its products and services, its
safety and the professionalism and efficiency of the teams they
are in contact with.
The annual survey also enables the Group to monitor a common
KPI at Group level, the NPS (Net Promoter Score®). The NPS
measures customers’ intention to recommend using a simple
question: “On a scale of 0 to 10, how likely are you to recommend
Air Liquide as a supplier?”. Since the launch of the VoC surveys, a
steady improvement in this score has been observed across all
business lines. In 2025, 90% of Air Liquide’s customers and
patients were satisfied.
As the ESRS-S4 focuses on individuals, its application to the
Group’s activities means that it is mainly aimed at patients who
benefit from the services provided by Air Liquide as part of its
Home Healthcare activity.
In its Home Healthcare activity, Air Liquide covers 2.3 million
patients suffering from chronic diseases. Among the main chronic
diseases covered by Air Liquide’s Home Healthcare services are
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, obstructive sleep apnea,
chronic respiratory failure, type 1 diabetes, pulmonary arterial
hypertension and Parkinson’s disease.
Once the diagnosis and treatment have been established by the
prescriber, the service provided to patients by Air Liquide consists
of distributing the medical devices essential for the treatment of
their pathology, as well as providing them with associated
services for long-term monitoring (awareness-raising of patients,
assistance in the implementation of therapy and ongoing support
through the involvement of nurses or qualified technicians, either
in person or remotely, and in particular through the increased use
of digital solutions).
According to the double materiality assessment, the following
matters relating to the Group’s Home Healthcare business are
material for patients: protection of privacy, health and safety and
access to quality information.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The impacts related to privacy relate to personal and health
data from patients to which the Group’s subsidiaries have access
(data considered sensitive) and their possible leakage (due to
internal misuse of this data or an attack perpetrated by an
external entity). The risk related to this data and its leakage is
significant and systemic, and concerns all end-users referred to in
this section, without distinction. The dishonest use of personal
data can violate the privacy, rights and property of individuals, or
for purposes of discrimination. In addition, this impact has a
strong irremediable character because once the data has been
leaked, there is no going back. This type of incident can have
legal consequences for the Group such as sanctions, litigation
or penalties.
Air Liquide supplies medical devices and medical gases to the
patient’s home (in particular for the treatment of chronic
respiratory diseases). Their use is safe, subject to compliance
with best practices and recommendations for use, explained
through quality information provided to the patient. However, it
remains necessary to ensure the monitoring, assessment and
management of the risk of adverse effects in order to limit any
negative impacts resulting from the use of these drugs and
medical devices. Although incidents are rare, Air Liquide has
implemented the specific procedures described on page 354 –
paragraph 3.3.3.
Access to (quality) information on products and services in the field
of healthcare is necessary to ensure the proper use of these
products and services by end-users. In the field of chronic diseases,
quality information can also help improve patient adherence to
treatment over the long term. The impacts related to access to
quality information are therefore positive for the end-user and
Air Liquide is working on this in two main ways in its strategy:
■ by providing precise information on the use of its products,
through various media (brochures, web pages, educational
sessions). The purpose of this type of information is to
optimize the effectiveness of the treatment over the long term
as well as to avoid any harmful effects. In particular, this
concerns patients on long-term oxygen therapy treated with
liquid oxygen, a treatment that presents the risks inherent to
the intrinsic properties of flammable gases;
■ by providing information on lifestyle habits and behaviors to be
adopted in order to cope better with their pathology.
The actions implemented to ensure access to quality information
are described in more detail on page 355 – paragraph 3.3.4.

Human rights commitment for patients
Air Liquide respects and promotes human rights in its operations.
The Group shares the principles enshrined in the International Bill
of Human Rights, the Guiding Principles for Multinational
Enterprises of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
Development (OECD) and the United Nations (UN) Guiding
Principles on Business and Human Rights.
Air Liquide adheres to the highest standards in conducting
business. The Group’s Principles of Action set out Air Liquide’s
commitments to its patients. The Group aims to protect vulnerable
lives by offering effective healthcare products and services and by
providing careful support to its patients. Information on the
Principles of Action are provided on page 356 – paragraph 4.2.1.
Under the responsibility of the Chief Legal Officer Group
Employment Law, Compliance and Duty of Vigilance, the Group
implements a human rights due diligence process for its
stakeholders based on the approach recommended by the
international standards mentioned above. Air Liquide’s approach
for dialogue with its patients and to remedy impacts on human
rights is described respectively in the following paragraphs.

AIR LIQUIDE

353

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Consultations with patients and processes
to remediate negative impacts

Objectives related to the protection
of patients’ personal data

The interests, views and rights of patients are taken into account
in the Group’s strategy in two different ways:

The objectives relating to the data protection of Air Liquide
employees and patients are described on page 347 –
paragraph 3.1.8.

■ some Home Healthcare subsidiaries (e.g. in France) intervene
directly in patients’ homes (several times a year during the first
year of treatment, then as needed in subsequent years). This
proximity to patients makes it possible to regularly collect
patient opinions on their treatment. These opinions inform the
way in which the subsidiaries adapt their care to the needs of
patients. In addition, when necessary, home care providers
report the needs expressed by patients to prescribers in order
to adapt treatment and enable better patient adherence to the
treatment;
■ if the data protection regulations put in place by the country’s
healthcare system allow it, Air Liquide’s Home Healthcare
subsidiaries send patients regular satisfaction surveys (at least
once a year) to gather patient feedback on the service
provided by Air Liquide. Following these surveys, each
subsidiary sets up an action plan to address the factors
leading to the dissatisfaction reported by patients.
In addition to these methods for collecting opinions, the
Whistleblowing Policy is one of the main processes by which
Air Liquide collects complaints. The Policy, the ethics
whistleblowing system and the subsequent approach to finding a
remedy are described on page 356 – paragraph 4.2.1. This
whistleblowing system is open to everyone, including patients. For
patients, there is no specific communication to inform them of the
existence of this Whistleblowing Policy. This is an area of
reflection to be considered for the coming years.
With regard to two material topics, personal data protection and
patient health and safety, Air Liquide has specific alert
mechanisms to identify and report incidents and patient concerns
as effectively as possible:
■ the tools for collecting requests to exercise rights and alerts
regarding any personal data breaches described on page 332
– paragraph 3.1.2;
■ the pharmacovigilance and medical device vigilance
processes described in the adjacent paragraph 3.3.3 .

3.3.2. Protection of patients’ personal data
Protection of patients’ personal data policy
As described on page 347 – paragraph 3.1.8, Air Liquide has put
in place robust governance and policies to ensure data protection
that applies to its employees as well as to its patients.
Healthcare data is sensitive personal data. Depending on the
country, it may be protected by specific rules and requirements.
Strict data protection applies to all personal data relating to
Air Liquide patients, and is implemented in compliance with all
applicable local healthcare data protection regulations.

Actions related to the protection of patients’
personal data
Actions to protect the data of Air Liquide employees and patients
are described on page 347 – paragraph 3.1.8.

354

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

3.3.3. Patient health and safety
Patient health and safety policy
The Group strives to reduce the exposure of its customers and
patients to occupational and industrial risks under all
circumstances. To manage these risks, the Group has an
Industrial Management System (IMS) that covers all Air Liquide’s
businesses. The IMS is based on:
■ the accountability of the Departments of the various Group
entities for the implementation of this system;
■ issuance of key organizational and management procedures
to ensure, among other things, occupational health, safety and
environmental
management,
change
management,
maintenance management, control of products and services
from providers, product development management, incident
and accident analysis and processing. The IMS document
base is continuously updated and enriched.
The IMS is described in detail on page 335 – paragraph 3.1.3.
In the context of Healthcare activities, specific processes such as
pharmacovigilance (for products with drug status) and medical
device vigilance (for products with Medical Device status) are
defined to ensure the reporting of incidents and/or of any change
in risk-benefit concerning these products from healthcare
professionals or patients:
■ the purpose of pharmacovigilance is to monitor, assess,
prevent and manage the risk of adverse effects resulting from
the use of drugs. The system implemented at Air Liquide Santé
International is managed by the Vigilance Director, within the
Pharmaceutical Affairs Department. It has global coverage and
thus makes it possible to monitor and assess the benefit/risk
ratio for medical gases, with the aim of ensuring that the
benefits for the patient outweigh the risks throughout the
health product life cycle. Pharmacovigilance is a science that
is heavily regulated by health authorities. Thus, Air Liquide
Santé International has a quality system that enables the
implementation of various processes such as regulatory
monitoring, case management and reporting to the authorities.
This ensures that operations are carried out in accordance
with defined standards. In order to ensure compliance with the
operations mentioned above, the pharmacovigilance system is
audited at least every three years and quality control actions
are carried out;
■ the purpose of medical device vigilance is to avoid the
(re)occurrence of incidents and risks of serious incidents
involving medical devices, by taking appropriate preventive
and/or corrective measures. Air Liquide has specialized teams
in its subsidiaries to analyze and deal with any event or risk of
incident occurring during the use of medical devices or
reported by manufacturers or health authorities. These
specialists assess the risk and systematically inform the
supplier and health authorities when necessary, while
remaining in contact with the various stakeholders until the
closure of the alert.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

A system for reporting the adverse effects of medical gases
supplied and medical equipment distributed by Air Liquide has
been set up in accordance with European and local regulations, in
order to take into account patient feedback and implement the
necessary corrective actions.

Actions related to patient health and safety
Pharmacovigilance is the subject of an online training module that
all Healthcare employees exposed to pharmacovigilance feedback
are required to follow annually. This training module is mandatory
and its completion by all identified employees was added as a
profit-sharing criterion in 2024, and renewed in 2025. Taking this
module enables these employees to learn about the main
principles of pharmacovigilance, and to test their understanding
using a quiz. If a score of at least 80% is obtained, an individual
certificate of completion of the module is issued.

Objectives related to patient health and safety
Air Liquide’s objective is to train 100% of eligible employees in the
main principles of pharmacovigilance each year. The results of
each annual training campaign are documented and managed,
and may be communicated to the health authorities during
pharmacovigilance inspections. In 2025, the completion rate was
100%, similar to the previous year.

3.3.4. Access to (quality) information
Access to (quality) information policy
The medical gases and medical devices supplied by Air Liquide
as part of its Home Healthcare business can be complex to use
and handle, which makes it necessary to train patients in their
use. Air Liquide’s subsidiaries endeavor to provide accurate
information on the use of its products in several ways (which differ
from one subsidiary to another):
■ through written information made available to the patient
(brochures, user guides, pages on institutional websites);
■ through verbal information from the technical staff employed
by Air Liquide (technicians, nurses). This verbal information is
transmitted during individual visits to the patient’s home,
through collective training sessions (in the form of webinars,
for example) or through video materials available on the
Internet or sent to patients.
In addition to information on the use of products, Air Liquide’s
subsidiaries strive to provide patients with information that goes
beyond the scope of the product and concerns topics regarding
how to live with the pathology and treatment over the long-term,
as well as advice on lifestyle habits and behaviors to adopt.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

For centrally developed informational content, a dedicated team
within the Regulatory Affairs Department ensures that the
assertions made are supported by references, that the discourse
is balanced and credible and that the content avoids promotional
rhetoric. There is also an internal procedure that applies at central
level for all external communications, including in particular a
review committee composed of representatives of the marketing,
communications, medical and regulatory teams. Once the content
has been validated at central level, each country that uses it with
its patients must then adapt this content to the regulations of the
country in question (there is no common regulation at European
level, each health authority has its own rules in this field).
For content developed by the subsidiaries themselves, there is an
equivalent network of regulatory contacts who undertake this review.
The procedure for validating content related to the use of medical
products and devices is considered sufficiently robust, there is no
specific policy or channel for patients to report any misuse of an
Air Liquide product related to incorrect or inaccurate information,
or any associated corrective procedures.

Actions related to access to (quality) information
In the context of the annual satisfaction surveys, an experience
indicator aims to measure the perceived quality of the information
and service provided to the patient: more specifically, it concerns
the ability of the subsidiaries to understand the needs of patients
and to convey information in a clear and understandable way
(“Are you satisfied with the quality and relevance of the
information and explanations provided?”). Since 2024, this
indicator has been monitored by most subsidiaries, in compliance
with the applicable legislation of the country and the applicable
contractual constraints. In 2024 and 2025, this indicator was
deployed by 80% of Home Healthcare subsidiaries.

Objectives related to access to (quality) information
There is no objective set on the quality of the accessible
information, just a follow-up of the experience indicator described
in the previous paragraph. Out of more than 35,000 responses
obtained in the relationship satisfaction surveys in 2024 and 2025,
the indicator obtained an average of 8.9 out of a total of 10, which
indicates a high level of patient satisfaction with the quality and
relevance of the information received on Air Liquide’s products
and services. This high result confirms the positive impact of the
internal policies and procedures put in place and described in the
adjacent paragraph on Access to (quality) information policy.

AIR LIQUIDE

355

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

4. Governance-related information
4.1. INTRODUCTION
The role and expertise of the Board of Directors with regard to
business conduct is addressed in Chapter 3, in particular:

Air Liquide in the public debate on sectors in which the Group has
a legitimate interest. Air Liquide ensures that its actions to
represent its interests are guided by the principles of
transparency set out in its Charter, in order to avoid any practice
that could undermine the Group’s values of integrity.

■ page 105 – paragraph Description of how the Board
determines whether members’ skills and expertise on
sustainability topics exist or will be developed;

4.2. BUSINESS CONDUCT
AND CORPORATE CULTURE

■ page 111 – paragraph 5;

4.2.1. Business conduct and corporate
culture policies

4.1.1. Governance of business conduct

■ page 112 – paragraph 6;
■ page 115 – paragraph 10.1;
■ page 117 – paragraph 11.1.

4.1.2. Topics related to business conduct:
impacts, risks and opportunities
Air Liquide’s Principles of Action and Code of Conduct reaffirm the
Group’s values. They are shared with all employees and are
available on the Group’s website (https://www.airliquide.com/
sustainable-development/ethics). Consequently, the following
topics are considered material:
■ corporate culture: failure by Air Liquide employees to
comply with the Principles of Action and the Code of
Conduct could have negative effects on the Group’s
reputation or lead to a violation of applicable laws;
■ protection of whistleblowers: the absence or failure of
protection measures for whistleblowers in the alert handling
process, or the exercise of retaliation, could have a negative
impact on whistleblowers and would constitute a breach by
the Group of its legal obligations. In addition to the adverse
effects on Air Liquide’s reputation, a failure to protect
whistleblowers could lead future whistleblowers to stop using
the Group’s whistleblowing system;
■ corruption and bribery (prevention, training, incidents): the
absence or failure to prevent or detect corruption could constitute
a violation of applicable anti-corruption laws on one hand, or
expose the Group to legal proceedings or sanctions that
could damage its reputation on the other hand;
■ management of relationships with suppliers: social aspects
described on page 348 – paragraph 3.2 are not the only ones
likely to produce negative impacts; Air Liquide also considers
the negative impacts of its suppliers on ethical and
environmental aspects. If Air Liquide were to cease a
business relationship with a strategic or critical supplier due to
a violation of these principles, this could expose the Group to a
risk of disruption in its supply chain or a potential legal risk.
In addition, the double materiality assessment, described on
page 291 – paragraph 1.5, concluded that the topics of supplier
payment practices and lobbying activities are material. Supplier
payment practices are an essential component of the
relationships with the suppliers and are all the more important
for the viability of small and medium-sized enterprises. In
terms of lobbying activities, Air Liquide drafted and issued a
Public Affairs Charter in 2021 governing the Group’s interactions
with public authorities at the national, regional/European and
international levels in order to stay ahead of risks related to
regulatory changes, identify growth opportunities, and involve

356

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Air Liquide’s Principles of Action
and Code of Conduct
Air Liquide adheres to the highest standards in conducting
business. The Group’s Principles of Action and Code of Conduct
affirm Air Liquide’s values and its commitment to safety,
transparency, respect, rigorous management, continuous
improvement and building a trustworthy relationship with its
stakeholders.
The Principles of Action, under the supervision of the Chief
Executive Officer of Air Liquide, express the Group’s
commitments in the conduct of its business towards its internal
and external stakeholders such as its customers and patients,
Shareholders, employees, local communities, suppliers and
business partners and for the protection of the environment. They
are shared with all employees and are available on the Group’s
website
(https://www.airliquide.com/sustainable-development/
ethics/groups-principles-action).
The Group’s Code of Conduct illustrates the ethics rules that
Air Liquide must respect. The Code’s main areas of focus are
covered in the following three chapters:
■ “Acting with Care”, which deals with the topics of protection of
people and assets (e.g. safety and security, equality, diversity
and the prevention of harassment and the protection of
personal data);
■ “Acting with Integrity and Transparency”, which illustrates the
expected behavior in terms of prevention of corruption, respect
for fair competition rules and transparency of information
communicated to the public;
■ “Acting Responsibly”, which affirms the commitments of the
Group and its employees to protect the environment and
human rights and about their contribution to the community.
The Code of Conduct applies to all Group employees, officers and
Directors. Air Liquide also expects its business partners to comply
with the principles of this Code. The rollout of the ethics program,
of which the Code of Conduct is an integral part, is the
responsibility of the Group Ethics Officer and is supervised by the
Ethics and Compliance Committee, which meets twice a year.
This Committee is made up of the Heads of General Control and
Compliance, Legal, and two members of the Group’s Executive
Committee: the Group Vice President, Human Resources and the
Group Vice President and General Secretary overseeing
Healthcare activity, Sustainability as well as General Control and
Air Liquide Board of Directors Relations. The Group Ethics Officer
serves as its Secretary.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

The Code of Conduct, available in 28 languages, provides
employees with a framework for reflection and resources to help
in adopting the expected behaviors. It is shared internally using
various means of communication (information meetings, posters,
articles, etc.) and is available on the Air Liquide website (https://
www.airliquide.com/sustainable-development/ethics).
An
elearning module is dedicated to the Code of Conduct to explain
the Group’s ethics approach and present each subject through
scenario simulations. This module is mandatory for all Group
employees each year. The topics addressed are renewed. In
2025, the module dealt with topics relating to health and safety,
generative artificial intelligence, and a reminder about the
whistleblowing system, while also incorporating the prevention of
harassment and discriminatory behaviors. 94% of employees took
part in this training in 2025, compared with 97% in 2024. During
the e-learning, each employee renews their adherence to the
Code of Conduct and their commitment to comply with its
provisions on an annual basis after testing their knowledge to
validate their participation in the e-learning.

The whistleblowing system enables a rapid and structured
response to alerts received as well as objective, independent and
confidential handling by Air Liquide employees. Once an alert has
been registered, the treatment procedure provides that an
acknowledgment of receipt be sent to the whistleblower within
seven days of the initial receipt. Within Air Liquide, the alert
coordinator in charge of the geography or Global Business Unit
concerned by the alert assesses its admissibility in accordance
with internal procedures and appoints an investigator, if
necessary, depending on the category of alert and outside the
management line in question. The service providers have a
routing table, provided by Air Liquide, to send the alert to the
relevant alert coordinator and are instructed not to notify anyone
named in the alert. The investigator,previously trained on such
tasks, conducts an investigation to determine whether the
reported facts are substantiated. They may call on external
resources for this investigation. Upon appointment, each
investigator is provided with a kit containing the procedures and
documentation required for the assignment.

The BlueBook, a global reference manual, accessible to all
employees on the Group Intranet, translates the Principles of
Action and the Code of Conduct into principles and operational
procedures. The BlueBook thus forms the basis of the risk
management and internal control system in order to ensure that
the Group’s activities and the behaviors of its employees comply
with applicable laws and regulations as well as standards and
best practices for consistent business conduct.

If the facts are substantiated, appropriate corrective measures
and remedies are implemented. These measures may include:

Air Liquide’s Whistleblowing Policy
Air Liquide’s Whistleblowing Policy defines the various channels
that the whistleblower can use to report a possible violation of the
Group’s ethics commitments and rules and the process for
handling alerts by Air Liquide. Available for all employees in the
BlueBook, it is accessible on the Group’s website for external
stakeholders (https://www.airliquide.com/sustainable-development/
ethics). The implementation of this policy through local policies in
the Group’s entities is completed.
EthiCall (https://safecall.co.uk/en/clients/ethicall/) is available for
all Group entities (1) and for all of its internal and external
stakeholders (customers, patients, suppliers, subcontractors and
their staff, local communities and facilitators). Air Liquide
communicates regularly on these systems to its employees (e.g.
via posters, the Intranet, reminder in the annual and mandatory elearning relating to the Code of Conduct, managerial
communication, induction training for new hires).
Anyone can lodge an alert in their own language by telephone or
via dedicated websites accessible from the Group’s website and
Intranet (alerts are collected by service providers). For
employees, these systems come in addition to the usual channels
for reporting potential incidents within the entities (line
management,
Human
Resources
Department,
Ethics
Correspondent, Group Ethics Officer). Third parties can also raise
their concerns to their contact person within the Group.
Alerts may notably relate to allegations of breaches of the Group’s
Code of Conduct, of internal policies and procedures or applicable
laws, and to any incidents related to human rights, health and
safety, or the environment.

(1)

■ the strengthening of Group policies, controls and processes;
■ Human Resources or other type of assistance to the
whistleblower;
■ individual or collective awareness-raising;
■ disciplinary sanctions, up to and including dismissal, in
accordance with applicable regulations or legal proceedings
where appropriate.
Follow-up and feedback should be provided to the whistleblower
during processing and no later than three months from the
acknowledgment of receipt of the alert (but as far as possible
within two months). In certain justified cases and in certain
jurisdictions (for example, due to the nature or complexity of the
alert), a longer period may be necessary (but this period should
not exceed three additional months).
The principles concerning the protection granted to whistleblowers
and to any person lodging an alert (anonymity, respect for the
confidentiality of the alert processing, prohibition of any form of
retaliation) are stated in the Code of Conduct and the Group
Whistleblowing Policy. The Group guarantees that any
whistleblower who has in good faith reported an ethical breach or
misconduct will not be subject to any disciplinary or discriminatory
measures or retaliation of any kind. The whistleblowing system
thus complies with the applicable legislation transposing Directive
(EU) 2019/1937 of the European Parliament and of the Council.
The Group Ethics Officer is responsible for the whistleblowing
system and ensures it is compliant in its implementation, and in
particular that it is properly disseminated throughout the Group,
that alerts are handled appropriately, and that whistleblowers are
protected. The most severe cases are reviewed by the Group’s
Ethics and Compliance Committee.
The Policy as well as the processes described above relating to
the Air Liquide whistleblowing system meet the effectiveness
criteria defined by the United Nations Guiding Principles on
Business and Human Rights, such as accessibility, predictability
and transparency.

EthiCall is now available to Airgas and its subsidiaries which, until 2024, had a similar platform (EthicsPoint).

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

357

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Breakdown of alerts by nature
The following table shows the number of alerts, broken down by nature, reported in the Group’s ethics whistleblowing system during
2025, irrespective of their processing status and the conclusions after investigations.
2024

2025

Human Resources

422

413

Health, safety and environment

28

34

Fraud

55

26

Other (Compliance)

53

69

TOTAL

558

542

As of December 31, 2025, 136 alerts were still being processed. Of the 406 closed ones, 41.6% were considered to be substantiated
or partially substantiated, and led to corrective measures and remedies.

4.3. PREVENTION OF CORRUPTION
4.3.1. Prevention, detection and combating
corruption
Air Liquide’s commitment, included in the introduction to the
Principles of Action, to prohibit all forms of corruption is supported
by a solid anti-corruption program. In the Code of Conduct, the
principles of integrity and transparency are defined and illustrated
in a specific chapter. This chapter specifically outlines the laws
governing the fight against corruption and influence peddling, and
covers relations with intermediaries and the types of payment
requiring particular attention. Communication of the Code of
Conduct is covered in the previous paragraph. Moreover, the
Group has a Supplier’s Code of Conduct, which includes a
chapter on the prevention of corruption.
Air Liquide operates a corruption prevention program in which
General Management and management are closely involved. This
program relies in particular on:
■ the mapping of corruption risks;
■ the Code of Conduct;
■ a complete set of training and awareness-raising actions
for those exposed to corruption-related risks;
■ a third-party assessment mechanism;
■ a whistleblowing system; and
■ accounting controls.
This program is regularly updated to take into account new
regulatory and legal obligations under the coordination of the Group
Ethics Officer, who relies on a network of ethics correspondents,
responsible in particular for managing the implementation of the
program locally. It also benefits from the support of the Legal and
Human Resources Departments and their local correspondents.
The anti-corruption program is regularly audited.

The progress of the anti-corruption program and the fraud
management system is monitored by the Ethics and Compliance
Committee. It is also presented annually to the Audit and
Accounts Committee of the Board of Directors.

4.3.2. Training of high-risk functions
Functions exposed and particularly exposed to corruptionrelated risks are identified on the basis of job profiles and the
results of the corruption risk mapping. They are typically in
areas related to sales, procurement and support functions.
The distinction between exposed and particularly exposed
functions depends on the level of responsibility and proximity
to third parties, and more generally on the extent of
involvement in the risk scenarios identified by the mapping.
Employees in these functions must complete an e-learning
module each year. It is supplemented by face-to-face training
every three years for particularly exposed functions. A test is
completed at the end of these trainings. Other employees are
made aware of corruption prevention through the annual elearning on the Code of Conduct described on page 356 –
paragraph 4.2.1.
The topics covered in the online training courses are renewed
each year and may relate to the gift policy, conflicts of interest,
detection and whistleblowing procedures or interactions with at-risk
third parties. Employees who interact with healthcare professionals
in their work also receive specific training in accordance with the
regulatory obligations to which they are subject.
The in-class anti-corruption training allows the particularly
exposed functions to increase their knowledge by covering the
definition of an act of corruption, reminding participants of
applicable laws and addressing topics sensitive to risks, in
particular through practical cases (e.g. intermediaries, gifts
and invitations, facilitation payments and conflicts of interest).

The detection of possible cases of corruption is based on various
channels: the whistleblowing system described in the previous
paragraph or through the controls and audits put in place. In this
second scenario, the entities apply an internal fraud management
procedure to report and process cases.

358

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Anti-corruption training
The table below shows the nature, frequency and eligible populations for anti-corruption training. For the total number of people
concerned by each training course, it also specifies the completion rate in 2025.
Anti-corruption
e-learning
(30 minutes)

Anti-corruption
classroom training
(1h30)

Code of Conduct
e-learning
(40 minutes)

Eligible populations
Exposed functions

Annual

Particularly exposed functions

Annual

Directors

Annual
Once every three years

Annual

Completed in 2024
Annual

Other employees
Training coverage
Number of people concerned (a)
Completion rate

25,813

10,053

95%

37%

66,089
(b)

94%

(a) Excluding employees recruited after November 30, 2025 and employees on long-term leave.
(b) The anti-corruption classroom training is carried out on a three-year rotation; not all employees concerned are trained every year.

4.3.3. Corruption incidents
In 2025, Air Liquide has not been convicted for violation of anticorruption and anti-bribery laws.

4.4. RELATIONS WITH SUPPLIERS
4.4.1. Management of relationships
with suppliers
Management of relationships with suppliers is based on:
■ the supplier risk and relationship management procedure, which
aims to maximize the value and minimize the risks of Air Liquide’s
interactions with its suppliers while optimizing use of the Group’s
resources. It defines in particular the supplier qualification
process, enabling associated risks to be identified and ensuring
that the supplier is able to meet Air Liquide’s requirements;
■ the Sustainable Procurement procedure, which defines
guidelines to enable the Procurement Function to integrate
ethical, social and environmental aspects into the procurement
process and the process for identifying and preventing impacts
on sustainability issues. It is described in more detail on
page 348 – paragraph 3.2 on topics relating to workers in the
value chain and applies in the same way to environmental and
ethical issues.
In addition, the Procurement Function communicates its
sustainability requirements to its suppliers through two instruments:
■ the Supplier’s Code of Conduct, which aims to promote and
ensure that all suppliers respect notably human rights, ethics,
environmental protection and safety. It is based on the Group’s
Code of Conduct. The adherence of suppliers to the principles
inscribed in the Supplier’s Code of Conduct is a prerequisite to
all commercial relations for the supply of Air Liquide. The
revision of this Code in 2023 aimed at aligning it with new
regulatory expectations and changes in practices. In particular,
it included additional articles on conflict minerals and the
whistleblowing system. This Code of Conduct is available on
the Air Liquide website (https://www.airliquide.com/sustainabledevelopment/sustainable-procurement);

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

■ a sustainability clause, which is included in the templates for
contracts with suppliers, including those for framework
agreements.
The Procurement Function may require sustainability
specifications, for example to address specific impacts or strategy
at local or category level. These specifications must be defined in
collaboration with the specialist functions and activities. They may
relate to the goods or services themselves, the associated
production and delivery process and/or the associated supplier
organization.

4.4.2. Air Liquide’s payment policies
and practices
Air Liquide’s Procure-to-Pay (P2P) procedure provides a framework
for all Group employees involved in the procure-to-pay activities,
from the purchase request to the payment of suppliers. The
procedure aims to harmonize and automate the P2P process within
Air Liquide in order to maximize efficiency and reduce manual
errors, thus ensuring timely payment of suppliers. Among the
recommended indicators, the procedure includes the monitoring of
the Days Payable Outstanding and the percentage of invoices paid
on time. The procedure is jointly owned by the Procurement and
Finance Departments, which, together with the Managing Directors
of the entities, are responsible for its implementation.
Air Liquide does not distinguish between suppliers in its payment
practices, whether they are small or medium-sized companies or
large companies. The Sustainable Procurement procedure,
described on page 348 – paragraph 3.2, indicates that special
attention must be paid to payment terms and late payments vis-àvis small and medium-sized enterprises, their cash flow being a
key topic. At the request of the supplier, these conditions may be
adapted, after a joint decision by the Procurement and Finance
Functions, to facilitate the business.

AIR LIQUIDE

359

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Many contractual payment terms are applied by the Group, since they vary depending on the country and the supplier’s activities. The
contractual payment terms applied by the Group must comply with local laws. The main payment terms applied by the Group, based on
the payment terms indicated on invoices received from suppliers, can be summarized as follows:
Proportion of 2024
expenditure (%)

Proportion of 2025
expenditure (%)

Immediate

24.9%

21.0%

Net 20 days

5.2%

4.3%

Net 30 days

22.4%

23.4%

Payment term

Net 45 days

7.3%

8.8%

Net 60 days

13.1%

11.7%

Other

27.1%

30.8%

TOTAL

100.0%

100.0%

The income statement lines relating to these expenses are
“Purchases” and “Other expenses”.
The first item of expenditure relates to energy (electricity and
natural gas); in 2025, 39.4% of these expenses had to be paid
immediately, 13.4% at 20 days net and 23.4% at 30 days net. In
2024, 54.6% of these same expenses had to be paid immediately,
14.9% at 20 days net and 14.2% at 30 days net.
The average Days Payable Outstanding was 58.2 days in 2025
(vs 63.5 days in 2024). This indicator was calculated on the basis
of operating suppliers’ trade payables as at December 31, 2025
as determined and published in the note 27 “Trade payables” of
the Consolidated Financial Statements, divided by the cost per
day (on a 360-day basis). The cost per day corresponds to the
cost of sales and overheads (included in the line “Other
expenses” of the income statement) from which personnel
expenses (included in the line “Personnel expenses” of the
income statement) are deducted.
91.5% of trade payables were aligned with the contractual
payment terms in 2025, versus 93.6% in 2024. The ratio for 2025
was estimated on the basis of the average trade payables due at
the end of the first three quarters of 2025 and the 4th quarter of
2024. The analysis at Group level was not available for the
4th quarter of 2025 when drafting this report but the share of trade
payables aligned with contractual payment terms remains
relatively stable from one quarter to another. Indeed, this share
covers a range of 90.5% to 92.5% over the period retained to
calculate the ratio.
As at December 31, 2025, the Group had no knowledge of any
ongoing legal proceedings concerning late payments. The term
“ongoing legal proceedings” refers to proceedings handled by
judicial institutions, as defined in the national law of each country
where the Group is present; as required by Regulation, these are
specifically legal proceedings that have not been legally resolved
as at December 31, 2025.

4.5. RELATIONS WITH THE PUBLIC SPHERE
4.5.1. Information on representatives
■ The Group’s Board of Directors, in particular the Audit and
Accounts Committee, and the Environment and Society
Committee, regularly reviews engagement with public
stakeholders activities, coordinated by the European &
International Affairs Department (budget, organization,
engagement principles, objectives and actions).
■ The EAMEI Director, a member of Air Liquide’s Executive
Committee, supervises operations in Europe, Africa, the
Middle East and India as well as Public Affairs.
There are no members of the Group’s Board of Directors and
Executive Committee who have held previous functions in
national public administrations.
Elements relating to the supervisory role of the Group’s
governance bodies are addressed in Chapter 3, particularly on
page 103 – paragraph 3.

4.5.2. Themes, actions and messages
to the public sphere
Energy transition:
■ raising awareness among public authorities of the specificities
of the electricity-intensive sector and the need for
manufacturers to be able to source large volumes of
renewable and low-carbon energy at a competitive price;
■ participating in the implementation of CO2 emission reduction
mechanisms to encourage industries to turn to decarbonization
solutions and thus achieve the goal of net zero emissions;
■ supporting public authorities in the construction of public
policies enabling the decarbonization of industry from existing
industrial areas – Carbon Capture and Sequestration,
production and use of renewable and low-carbon industrial
gases (hydrogen, oxygen, etc.) – and the implementation of
the corresponding support mechanisms;
■ contributing to discussions on the development of industrial gas
networks (hydrogen, CO2) by having their specificities recognized
in the context of industrial uses within local ecosystems;
■ contributing to the structuring of the decarbonized hydrogen
mobility ecosystem (production, distribution, development of
vehicle fleets).

360

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Electronics:
■ supporting the development of the semiconductor industry by
recognizing the criticality of all players in the value chain and
the need to support them to preserve industrial sovereignty in
each region.

Healthcare:
■ actively contributing, alongside public authorities, patients,
healthcare professionals and hospitals, to the construction of
more efficient, sustainable and equitable healthcare systems,
in a context of an aging population and an increase in
chronic diseases;
■ encouraging the development of health pathways focused on
the value provided to patients, and enabling the development
of care pathways to the patient’s home, by combining expert
human support and the use of the latest digital innovations;

■ contributing to changing the management of medical gases to
optimize efficiency, improving the quality of service provided to
patients and healthcare institutions, strengthening the
resilience of healthcare systems, achieving carbon neutrality
and guaranteeing access to care, including in remote areas.
In the context of interactions with public authorities,
representatives chosen by the Group may be invited to participate
in working groups, contribute to technical notes or exchange
during meetings on subjects related to their expertise. The Group
issues its Public Affairs Charter on the public affairs page of its
website (1), containing its key positions as well as its interest
representation activities in the main geographies where the Group
operates.

4.5.3. Air Liquide registration in the transparency registers according to geographies
Air Liquide complies with local lobbying regulations when applicable. As example the Group is notably registered in the following
transparency registries:
Geography

Link to the website

European Union

https://transparency-register.europa.eu/searchregister-or-update/organisation-detail_en?id=94857385769-70

France

https://www.hatvp.fr/fiche-organisation/?organisation=552096281##

USA

https://lda.gov/filings/public/filing/search/?registrant=AIR+LIQUIDE+USA+LLC

(1)

https://www.airliquide.com/sustainable-development/engagement-public-stakeholders.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

361

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

5. Appendix
TABLE OF CONTENTS (CORRESPONDING TO THE DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS)
Disclosure Requirements

Pages

ESRS 2: General Disclosures
BP-1 General basis for preparation of sustainability statements

284

BP-2 Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances

284, 285

GOV-1 The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies

286, 356

GOV-2 Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed
by the undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies
GOV-3 Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes
GOV-4 Statement on due diligence
GOV-5 Risk management and internal controls over sustainability reporting
SBM-1 Strategy, business model and value chain
SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders
SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy
and business model
IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts,
risks and opportunities
IRO-2 Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s sustainability statement

286
286, 304
286
286
287- 289
289, 332, 348, 353
294, 304, 324, 331 - 335 -347,
348, 353, 356
291 - 294, 304, 324,
329, 330, 356
292, 294, 297, 362

MDR-P Policies adopted to manage material sustainability matters

in each ESRS below

MDR-A Actions and resources in relation to material sustainability matters

in each ESRS below

MDR-M Metrics in relation to material sustainability matters

in each ESRS below

MDR-T Tracking effectiveness of policies and actions through targets

in each ESRS below

ESRS E1: Climate change
European Taxonomy

300

GOV-3 Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes

304

E1-1 Transition plan for climate change mitigation

304

SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy
and business model
IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate-related impacts,
risks and opportunities
E1-2 Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation

304

E1-3 Actions and resources in relation to climate change policies

316

E1-4 Targets related to climate change mitigation and adaptation

317

E1-5 Energy consumption and mix

318

E1-6 Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions

318

E1-7 GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon credits

314

314

E1-8 Internal carbon pricing

304, 314

E1-9 Anticipated financial effects from material physical and transition risks and potential
climate-related opportunities
ESRS E2: Pollution

Phased-in

IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material pollution-related impacts,
risks and opportunities
ESRS E3: Water and marine resources

329

IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material water and marine
resources-related impacts, risks and opportunities
E3-1 Policies related to water and marine resources

324

E3-2 Actions and resources related to water and marine resources

326

E3-3 Targets related to water and marine resources

327

E3-4 Water consumption

362

304

325

328

E3-5 Anticipated financial effects from water and marine resources-related impacts,
risks and opportunities
ESRS E4: Biodiversity and ecosystems

Phased-in

IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material biodiversity and
ecosystem-related impacts, risks and opportunities
ESRS E5: Resource use and circular economy

329

IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material resource use and circular
economy-related impacts, risks and opportunities

330

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

Disclosure Requirements

Pages

ESRS S1: Own workforce
SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders
SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy
and business model
S1-1 Policies related to own workforce
S1-2 Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’ representatives about impacts
S1-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workers to raise concerns

289, 332
332, 335, 340, 342, 344, 345, 347
335, 340, 342, 344, 345, 347, 357
332
332, 356

S1-4 Taking action on material impacts on own workforce, and approaches to mitigating
material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce and effectiveness
of those actions

336, 340, 343, 345, 346, 348

S1-5 Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts,
and managing material risks and opportunities
S1-6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees

339, 341, 343, 345, 347, 348

S1-7 Characteristics of non-employee workers in the undertaking’s own workforce

331, 340, 343
Phased-in

S1-8 Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue

332

S1-9 Diversity metrics

342

S1-10 Adequate wages

343

S1-11 Social protection

Phased-in

S1-12 Persons with disabilities

Phased-in

S1-13 Training and skills development metrics

347

S1-14 Health and safety metrics

339

S1-15 Work-life balance metrics

Phased-in

S1-16 Remuneration metrics (pay gap and total remuneration)

343

S1-17 Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts

332, 358

ESRS S2: Workers in the value chain
SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders
SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy
and business model
S2-1 Policies related to value chain workers
S2-2 Processes for engaging with value chain workers about impacts
S2-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for value chain workers
to raise concerns
S2-4 Taking action on material impacts on value chain workers, and approaches
to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to value chain
workers, and effectiveness of those actions

289, 348
348
348, 350, 351, 352
348
350, 357
350, 351, 352

S2-5 Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts,
and managing material risks and opportunities
ESRS S4: Consumers and end-users

351, 352

SBM-2 Interests and views of stakeholders

289, 353

SBM-3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy
and business model
S4-1 Policies related to consumers and end-users
S4-2 Processes for engaging with consumers and end-users about impacts
S4-3 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and end-users
to raise concerns
S4-4 Taking action on material impacts on consumers and end-users, and approaches
to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to consumers
and end-users, and effectiveness of those actions
S4-5 Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts,
and managing material risks and opportunities
ESRS G1: Business conduct

353
353 - 355
354
353, 354, 356
353 - 355

353 - 355

GOV-1 The role of the administrative, supervisory and management bodies

356

IRO-1 Description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts,
risks and opportunities
G1-1 Corporate culture and business conduct policies

292, 356

G1-2 Management of relationships with suppliers
G1-3 Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery

356
359
358

G1-4 Confirmed incidents of corruption or bribery

356, 359

G1-5 Political influence and lobbying activities

360, 361

G1-6 Payment practices

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

359

AIR LIQUIDE

363

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

EUROPEAN TAXONOMY
Taxonomy Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
Summary tab
Proportion of turnover and capital expenditure (CapEx) from products or services associated with Taxonomy-eligible or Taxonomy-aligned
economic activities – disclosure covering year 2025 (summary KPIs).
Breakdown by environmental objectives
of Taxonomy-aligned activities

KPI

Total

Proportion of
Taxonomyeligible
activities

in millions of euros

Turnover
CapEx
*

26,940.2
4,163.8

Taxonomyaligned
activities

Proportion of
Taxonomyaligned
activities

Climate
Change
Mitigation

Climate
Change
Adaptation

% in millions of euros

%

%

%

%

0.2%
9.5%

0.2%
9.5%

—%
—%

—%
—%

7.7%
13.6%

62.0
395.8

Water

In 2024, data were published without applying a materiality threshold and, consequently, included activities that are now considered non-material as of 2025.
For comparative purposes, the 2024 data restated for the application of the materiality threshold are as follows: 48.4 million euros in aligned turnover,
representing 0.2% of the total consolidated turnover, and 258.9 million euros in aligned capital expenditure (CapEx), representing 6.8% of the Group’s total
capital expenditure.

Turnover
Proportion of turnover from products or services associated with Taxonomy-eligible or Taxonomy-aligned economic activities – disclosure
covering year 2025 (activity breakdown).
Environmental objective
of Taxonomy-aligned
activities

Economic Activities

Manufacture of hydrogen
Sum of alignment per objective
TOTAL KPI TURNOVER

Taxonomy-eligible
KPI (Proportion of
Taxonomy-eligible
Code
Turnover)

Taxonomy-aligned
KPI (monetary
value of Turnover)

CCM 3.10

Taxonomy-aligned
KPI (Proportion of
Taxonomy-aligned
Turnover)

Climate
Change
Mitigation

Climate
Change
Adaptation

%

in millions of euros

%

%

%

7.7%

62.0

0.2%

7.7%

62.0

0.2%

0.2%
0.2%
0.2%

—%
—%
—%

Capital Expenditure
Proportion of capital expenditure (CapEx) from products or services associated with Taxonomy-eligible or Taxonomy-aligned economic
activities – disclosure covering year 2025 (activity breakdown).
Environmental objective
of Taxonomy-aligned
activities

Economic Activities

Manufacture of hydrogen

Taxonomy-eligible
KPI (Proportion of
Taxonomy-eligible
Code
CapEx)

Taxonomy-aligned
KPI (monetary
value of CapEx)

CCM 3.10

Taxonomy-aligned
KPI (Proportion of
Taxonomy-aligned
CapEx)

364

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Climate
Change
Adaptation

%

in millions of euros

%

%

%

13.6%

395.8

9.5%

9.5%

—%

9.5%

—%

13.6%

395.8

9.5%

9.5%

—%

Sum of alignment per objective
TOTAL KPI CAPEX

Climate
Change
Mitigation

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Breakdown by environmental objectives
of Taxonomy-aligned activities

Proportion of
enabling
activity

Proportion of
transitional
activity

Circular
Economy

Pollution

%

%

%

%

%

—%
—%

—%
—%

—%
—%

—%
—%

—%
—%

Biodiversity

Not assessed
activities
considered
non-material

Taxonomyaligned
Proportion of
activities in Taxonomy-aligned
previous
activities in
financial year previous financial
(2024)*
year (2024)*

% in millions of euros

6.7%
2.7%

138.9
261.1

%

0.5%
6.9%

Environmental objective of Taxonomy-aligned activities
Proportion of Taxonomyaligned in Taxonomyeligible

Water

Circular
Economy

Pollution

Biodiversity

%

%

%

%

(E where applicable)

(T where applicable)

%

N/A
—%
—%

N/A
—%
—%

N/A
—%
—%

N/A
—%
—%

N/A

N/A

3.0%

—%

—%

3.0%

Enabling activity Transitional activity

Proportion of Taxonomyaligned in Taxonomyeligible

Enabling activity Transitional activity

Environmental objective of Taxonomy-aligned activities

Water

Circular
Economy

Pollution

Biodiversity

%

%

%

%

(E where applicable)

(T where applicable)

%

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

69.8%

—%

—%

—%

—%

—%

—%

—%

—%

—%

—%

69.8%

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

365

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

6. Report on the certification of Sustainability
and Taxonomy Information
This is a translation into English of the statutory auditors’ report on the certification of sustainability information and verification of the
disclosure requirements under article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the Company issued in French and it is provided solely for the
convenience of English speaking users.
This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and the H2A guidelines on “Limited
assurance engagement - Certification of sustainability reporting and verification of disclosure requirements set out in article 8 of
Regulation (EU) 2020/852".
To the Annual General Meeting,
This report is issued in our capacity as statutory auditors of L’Air Liquide. It covers the sustainability information and the information
required by article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852, relating to the year ended December 31, 2025 and included in the group management
report and presented in the section “sustainability statement” of the Chapter 5 of the universal registration document (hereafter “the
sustainability statement”).
Our procedures, which relate to this information, have been performed in an evolving context characterized by uncertainties regarding the
interpretation of the laws and regulations, and the development of established practices.
Pursuant to article L. 233-28-4 of the French Commercial Code, L’Air Liquide is required to include the above-mentioned information in a
separate section of the group management report.
This information enables an understanding of the impact of the activity of the group on sustainability matters, as well as the way in which
these matters influence the development of the business of the group, its performance and position. Sustainability matters include
environmental, social and corporate governance matters.
Pursuant to article L. 821-54 paragraph II of the aforementioned Code our responsibility is to carry out the procedures necessary to issue
a conclusion, expressing limited assurance, on:
■ compliance with the requirements set out in the sustainability reporting standards adopted by the European Commission pursuant to
article 29 ter of Directive (EU) 2013/34 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as amended by Directive (EU)
2022/2464 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2022 (hereinafter ESRS for European Sustainability Reporting
Standards) of the process implemented by Air Liquide to determine the information reported, including, where applicable, the obligation to
consult the social and economic committee provided for in the sixth paragraph of article L. 2312-17 of the French Labour Code;
■ compliance of the sustainability information included in the sustainability statement of the group management report with the
requirements of article L. 233-28-4 of the French Commercial Code, including ESRS; and
■ compliance with the reporting requirements set out in article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852.
This engagement is carried out in compliance with the ethical rules, including independence, and quality control rules prescribed by the
French Commercial Code.
It is also governed by the H2A guidelines on “Limited assurance engagement - Certification of sustainability reporting and verification of
disclosure requirements set out in article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852".
In the three separate sections of the report that follow, we present, for each of the sections of our engagement, the nature of the
procedures that we carried out, the conclusions that we drew from these procedures and, in support of these conclusions, the elements
to which we paid particular attention and the procedures that we carried out with regard to these elements. We draw your attention to the
fact that we do not express a conclusion on any of these elements taken individually and that the procedures described should be
considered in the overall context of the formation of the conclusions issued in respect of each of the three sections of our engagement.
Finally, where deemed necessary to draw your attention to one or more disclosures of sustainability information provided by L’Air Liquide
in the group management report, we have included an emphasis of matter paragraph hereafter.

Limits of our engagement
As the purpose of our engagement is to express limited assurance, the nature (choice of techniques), extent (scope) and timing of the
procedures are less than those required to obtain reasonable assurance.
Furthermore, this engagement does not provide guarantee regarding the viability or the quality of the management of L’Air Liquide, in
particular it does not provide an assessment, of the relevance of the choices made by L’Air Liquide in terms of action plans, targets,
policies, scenario analyses and transition plans, which would go beyond compliance with the ESRS reporting requirements.
Furthermore, as forward-looking information is inherently uncertain, actual future outcomes may differ, sometimes significantly, from the
forward-looking information presented in the group management report.
Our engagement does, however, allow us to express conclusions regarding the entity’s process for determining the sustainability
information to be reported, the sustainability information itself, and the information reported pursuant to article 8 of Regulation (EU)
2020/852, as to the absence of identification or, on the contrary, the identification of errors, omissions or inconsistencies of such
importance that they would be likely to influence the decisions that readers of the information subject to this engagement might make.
Sustainability information and the information required under article 8 of Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 may be subject to inherent
uncertainty arising from the state of scientific knowledge and from the quality of the external data used. Certain information is sensitive to
the methodological choices, assumptions and/or estimates applied in preparing it and presented in the group management report.

366

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Statement

COMPLIANCE WITH THE ESRS OF THE PROCESS IMPLEMENTED BY L'AIR LIQUIDE
TO DETERMINE THE INFORMATION REPORTED, AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE
REQUIREMENT TO CONSULT THE SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC COMMITTEE PROVIDED
FOR IN THE SIXTH PARAGRAPH OF ARTICLE L. 2312-17 OF THE FRENCH LABOUR CODE
Nature of procedures carried out
Our procedures consisted in verifying that:
■ the process defined and implemented by L’Air Liquide, including the obligation to consult the social and economic committee provided
for in the sixth paragraph of article L. 2312-17 of the French Labour Code, has enabled it, in accordance with the ESRS, to identify
and assess its impacts, risks and opportunities related to sustainability matters, and to identify the material impacts, risks and
opportunities, that lead to the publication of information disclosed in the sustainability statement of the group management report, and
■ the information provided on this process also complies with the ESRS.

Conclusion of the procedures carried out
On the basis of the procedures we have carried out, we have not identified any material errors, omissions or inconsistencies regarding
the compliance of the process implemented by L’Air Liquide with the ESRS.

Elements that received particular attention
We set out below the elements that have been the subject of particular attention in relation to our assessment of compliance with the
ESRS of the process implemented by L’Air Liquide to determine the information reported.
Information on how Air Liquide updated its double materiality analysis is set out in section 1.5 of the sustainability statement of the group
management report.
Through interviews with management and/or others within the entity as appropriate, and through inspection of the available
documentation, we obtained an understanding of the analyses carried out by the group, in particular the assessment of the internal and
external factors considered to assess the absence of changes made to the double materiality analysis and to the actual and potential
impacts, risks and opportunities identified by the Group. These includes, in particular annual updates in the risk mapping of the group.
Based on our professional judgement, our procedures consisted primarily of:
■ exercising professional scepticism regarding the documentation of the analyses carried out by the entity, as well as the approach
taken to identify the internal and external factors to be considered and assessing their appropriateness with regard to our knowledge
of the group;
■ assessing the appropriateness of the description provided in this respect in note 1.5 of the group management report.

COMPLIANCE OF THE SUSTAINABILITY INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE SUSTAINABILITY
STATEMENT OF THE GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT WITH THE REQUIREMENTS
OF ARTICLE L. 233-28-4 OF THE FRENCH COMMERCIAL CODE, INCLUDING THE ESRS
Nature of procedures carried out
Our procedures consisted in verifying that, in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, including the ESRS:
■ the disclosures provided enable an understanding of the general basis for the preparation and governance of the sustainability
information included in the sustainability statement of the group management report, including the basis for determining the
information relating to the value chain and the exemptions from disclosures used;
■ the presentation of this information ensures its readability and understandability;
■ the scope chosen by L’Air Liquide for providing this information is appropriate; and
■ on the basis of a selection, based on our analysis of the risks of non-compliance of the information provided and the expectations of
users, that this information does not contain any material errors, omissions or inconsistencies, i.e. that are likely to influence the
judgement or decisions of users of this information.

Conclusion of the procedures carried out
Based on the procedures we have carried out, we have not identified material errors, omissions or inconsistencies regarding the
compliance of the sustainability information included in the sustainability statement of the group management report, with the
requirements of article L. 233-28-4 of the French Commercial Code, including the ESRS.

Emphasis of matter
Without qualifying the conclusion expressed above, we draw your attention to the methodological considerations applied by the Group
and described in paragraph « Main estimates and methodological limitations » of section 1.1.2 of the sustainability statement of the group
management report.

Elements that received particular attention
We set out below the elements that have been the subject of particular attention in relation to our assessment of the compliance of the
sustainability information included in the sustainability statement of the group management report with the requirements of article
L. 233-28-4 of the French Commercial Code, including the ESRS.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

367

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Sustainability Statement

Information provided in application of environmental standards (ESRS E1 to E5)
Information reported in relation to climate change (ESRS E1) is mentioned in section “2. Environmental information” of the Sustainability
Statement of the Group Management Report.
Below, we present the elements that have been the subject of particular attention in relation to our assessment of the compliance of this
information with the ESRS.
Our work consisted primarily of:
– assessing, through interviews conducted with management and others in the Group, in particular the Sustainability department,
whether the description of the policies, actions and targets implemented by the Group address the following areas: climate change
mitigation and climate change adaptation;
– assessing the appropriateness of the disclosures provided in the notes to the section “2. Environmental information” of the
sustainability statement of the group management report and its overall consistency with our knowledge of the Group.
■ With regard to the information published on the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions:
– we obtained an understanding of the internal control and risk management procedures implemented by the Group to ensure the
compliance of the reported information ;
– we obtained an understanding of the greenhouse gas emissions inventory protocol used by the Group to draw up its greenhouse
gas emissions assessment, and checked its application, for a selection of sites, for Scope 1 and Scope 2.
– with regard to Scope 3 emissions, we assessed the process of gathering information on which disclosures were based,
– we assessed the appropriateness of the emission factors used and the calculation of the related conversions, as well as the
calculation and extrapolation assumptions, taking into account the uncertainty inherent in the state of scientific or economic
knowledge and the quality of the external data;
– we reconciled physical data (such as energy consumption), on a sample basis, to the underlying data used to draw up the
greenhouse gas emissions assessment and traced to supporting documents.
■ With regard to our procedures regarding the transition plan for climate change mitigation, our work primarily consisted of assessing
whether the information published in the transition plan meets ESRS E1 requirements with an appropriate description of the plan’s
underlying key assumptions, it being understood that we are not required to express a conclusion on the appropriateness or the level
of ambition of the transition plan’s objectives.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE REPORTING REQUIREMENTS
SET OUT IN ARTICLE 8 OF REGULATION (EU) 2020/852
Nature of procedures carried out
Our procedures consisted in verifying the process implemented by L’Air Liquide to determine the eligible and aligned nature of the
activities of the entities included in the consolidation.
They also involved verifying the information reported pursuant to article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852, which involves checking:
■ the compliance with the rules applicable to the presentation of this information to ensure that it is readable and understandable;
■ on the basis of a selection, the absence of material errors, omissions or inconsistencies in the information provided, i.e. information
likely to influence the judgement or decisions of users of this information.

Conclusion of the procedures carried out
Based on the procedures we have carried out, we have not identified any material errors, omissions or inconsistencies relating to
compliance with the requirements of article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852.

Elements that received particular attention
We determined that there were no such items to report.
Neuilly-sur-Seine and Paris La Défense, March 5, 2026
The Statutory Auditors
French original signed by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit
Cédric Le Gal

368

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Olivier Lotz

KPMG S.A.
Valérie Besson

Laurent Genin

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Additional Information

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
This section is separate from the Sustainability Statement and includes information that is not material from a CSRD standpoint. It has
not been verified by an independent third party. It is provided as complementary information for stakeholders using the GRI framework.
GRI Standard and Disclosure

Location of Information in the 2025 Universal Registration Document

GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
2-1 Organizational details

Page 405 – 7.2.1

2-2 Entities included in the organization’s
sustainability reporting
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point

Page 284 – 1.1.1

2-4 Restatements of information

Page 284 – 1.1.2
Page 414 – 7.4
Page 284 – 1.1.2

2-5 External assurance

Page 366 – 6

2-6 Activities, value chain and other business
relationships
2-7 Employees

Page 22 – 1.2.2

2-9 Governance structure and composition

Page 98 – 1
Page 103 – 3
Page 103 – 3

2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest
governance body
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body

Page 331 – 3.1

Page 101 – 2

2-12 Role of the highest governance body
in overseeing the management of impacts
2-13 Delegation of responsibility
for managing impacts
2-14 Role of the highest governance body
in sustainability reporting
2-15 Conflicts of interest

Page 124 – 11.4

2-16 Communication of critical concerns

Page 124 – 11.4

2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest
governance body
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest
governance body
2-19 Remuneration policies

Page 98 – 1
Page 103 – 3
Page 114 – 8

2-20 Process to determine remuneration

Page 122 – 11.3

2-21 Annual total compensation ratio

Page 158 – 2.3

Page 100 – 2
Page 124 – 11.4
Page 106 – 3.2

Page 142 – 1

2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy Page 39 – 2.2

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

369

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Additional Information

GRI Standard and Disclosure

Location of Information in the 2025 Universal Registration Document

2-23 Political commitments

Page 314 – 2.2.2
Page 325 – 2.3.2
Page 332 – 3.1.2
Page 335 – 3.1.3
Page 340 – 3.1.4
Page 342 – 3.1.5
Page 344 – 3.1.6
Page 345 – 3.1.7
Page 347 – 3.1.8
Page 350 – 3.2.2
Page 351 – 3.2.3
Page 352 – 3.2.4
Page 354 – 3.3.2
Page 354 – 3.3.3
Page 355 – 3.3.4
Page 356 – 4.2.1
References to other standards or initiatives in which the Group participates
Certification

370

ISO 14001: Environmental management systems

26%

ISO 50001: Energy management systems

11%

ISO 45001: Occupational health and safety management systems

19%

ISO 9001: Quality management systems

72%

ISO 22000: Food safety management systems

24%

Pharmaceutical certifications (Excipact, etc.)

19%

Responsible Care® Charter

18%

2-24 Embedding policy commitments

Page 314 – 2.2.2
Page 325 – 2.3.2
Page 335 – 3.1.3
Page 340 – 3.1.4
Page 342 – 3.1.5
Page 344 – 3.1.6
Page 345 – 3.1.7
Page 347 – 3.1.8
Page 350 – 3.2.2
Page 351 – 3.2.3
Page 352 – 3.2.4
Page 354 – 3.3.2
Page 354 – 3.3.3
Page 355 – 3.3.4
Page 356 – 4.2.1

2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts

Page 332 – 3.1.2
Page 348 – 3.2.1
Page 353 – 3.3.1

2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice
and raising concerns

Page 332 – 3.1.2
Page 348 – 3.2.1
Page 353 – 3.3.1
Page 356 – 4.2.1
Page 358 – 4.3.1

2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations

Page 294 – 1.5.5
Page 297 – 1.6
Page 359 – 4.3.3
Page 359 – 4.4.2
Page 361 – 4.5.3
Page 366 – 6

2-28 Membership associations

Page 360 – 4.5.2

2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement

Page 289 – 1.4.4

2-30 Collective bargaining agreements

Page 332 – 3.1.2

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Percentage
of facilities
2025

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Additional Information

GRI Standard and Disclosure

Location of Information in the 2025 Universal Registration Document

GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
3-1 Process to determine material topics

Page 284 – 1.1
Page 287 – 1.4
Page 291 – 1.5.1
Page 292 – 1.5.2
Page 292 – 1.5.3
Page 294 – 1.5.4

3-2 List of material topics

Page 294 – 1.5.5

3-3 Management of material topics

Page 300 – 2
Page 331 – 3
Page 356 – 4

GRI 101: Biodiversity 2024
101-4 Identification of biodiversity impacts

Page 329 – 2.5

101-5 Locations with biodiversity impacts

Page 329 – 2.5

101-6 Direct drivers of biodiversity loss

Page 329 – 2.5

GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016
201-1 Direct economic value generated
and distributed
201-2 Financial implications and other risks
and opportunities due to climate change
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations
and other retirement plans
201-4 Financial assistance received
from government
GRI 202: Market Presence 2016

Page 197 – Consolidated income statement

202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage
by gender compared to local minimum wage
GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016

Page 158 – 2.3
Page 343 – 3.1.5

203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts

Page 58 – 4

Page 252 – Note 31
Page 210 – 9.b
Page 233 – 23.1
Page 211 – 10

GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related
to corruption
205-2 Communication and training about
anti-corruption policies and procedures
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption
and actions taken
GRI 206: Anti-competitive Behavior 2016

Page 358 – 4.3.1
Page 358 – 4.3.2
Page 359 – 4.3.3

206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior,
anti-trust, and monopoly practices
GRI 207: Tax 2019

Page 252 – Note 30

207-1 Approach to tax

Page 79 – 2.4

207-2 Tax governance, control, and risk management Page 79 – 2.4
207-3 Stakeholder engagement and management
of concerns related to tax
207-4 Country-by-country reporting

Page 79 – 2.4
Page 79 – 2.4

GRI 302: Energy 2016
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization

Page 323 – 2.2.5

302-3 Energy intensity

Page 323 – 2.2.5

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption

Page 323 – 2.2.5

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

371

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Additional Information

GRI Standard and Disclosure

Location of Information in the 2025 Universal Registration Document

GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource
303-2 Management of water
discharge-related impacts
303-3 Water withdrawal

Page 294 – 1.5.5
Page 324 – 2.3.1
Page 325 – 2.3.2
Page 328 – 2.3.5
Water Withdrawal
Total water withdrawal
Freshwater withdrawal
of which water-risk areas
Other water withdrawal

303-4 Water discharge

2025 (m³)
1,653,042,712
1,287,786,347
105,118,136
365,256,365

Page 328 – 2.3.5
Water Discharge
Total water discharge
Freshwater discharge (a)
of which water-risk areas
Other water discharge

2025 (m³)
1,569,480,369
1,244,139,894
99,518,552
325,340,475

(a) Discharges are considered to be freshwater when water is withdrawn from freshwater sources.

303-5 Water consumption

Page 328 – 2.3.5
Water Consumption

2025 (m³)

Total water consumption

83,562,343

Total freshwater consumption

43,646,454

of which water-risk areas

5,599,584

Consumption of other water

39,915,889

GRI 305: Emissions 2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Page 318 – 2.2.5

305-2 Indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Page 318 – 2.2.5

305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

Page 318 – 2.2.5

305-4 GHG emissions intensity

Page 318 – 2.2.5

305-5 GHG emission reduction

Page 58 – 4
Page 316 – 2.2.3
Page 317 – 2.2.4
Avoided Emissions
Emissions avoided due to the optimization of assets

2,739,065

Emissions avoided to improve customers’ energy footprint

9,483,897

Total Avoided Emissions

12,222,962

Emissions avoided due to the use of H2 for desulfurization

65,367,802

Total Avoided Emissions including End Uses

305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx),
and other significant air emissions

2025
(tonnes CO2eq)

Discharges into Water and Air

77,590,764
2025 (tonnes)

Discharges into Air
Discharges into air: NOx (nitrogen oxides)

2,974

Discharges into air: SOx (sulfur oxides)

71

Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) discharged into the atmosphere
(estimate)

206

Discharge into Water

372

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Discharges to water: oxidizable matter

684

Discharges to water: suspended solids

702

AIR LIQUIDE

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Additional Information

GRI Standard and Disclosure

Location of Information in the 2025 Universal Registration Document

GRI 306: Waste 2020
306-2 Management of significant
waste-related impacts

Hazardous Waste 2025 (a)
Total Waste
(tonnes)

Recycled Waste
(tonnes)

Recycling Rate
(%)

Top 1 Category:
Hazardous contaminated
water and sludge

4,944

1,056

21%

Top 2 Category:
Irritants, corrosive
chemicals, and other
chemicals

2,792

1,457

52%

Top 3 Category:
Used catalysts
and absorbents

1,900

768

40%

Other Hazardous
Wastes

3,670

1,675

46%

TOTAL HAZARDOUS
WASTES

13,306

4,957

37%

Total Waste
(tonnes)

Recycled Waste
(tonnes)

Recycling Rate
(%)

Wood Waste

1,358

937

69%

Plastic Waste

4,365

306

7%

Paper Waste,
including office waste

2,787

1,421

51%

Metal Waste

8,720

8,197

94%

Annual quantity of lime
produced (extracted
by dry equivalent)
by the acetylene
production units

26,616

21,878

82%

TOTAL NONHAZARDOUS WASTE
& BY-PRODUCTS

43,846

32,739

75%

Category

Non-Hazardous Waste and By-Products 2025 (a)
Category

(a) Continuous improvement of the reporting process allowed a more comprehensive
assessment of the total and recycled quantities in 2025.

GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using
environmental criteria
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply
chain and actions taken
GRI 401: Employment 2016

Page 348 – 3.2.1
Page 359 – 4.4.1
Page 351 – 3.2.3

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover

Page 331 – 3.1.1
Page 340 – 3.1.4
Page 340 – 3.1.4
Page 342 – 3.1.5

401-3 Parental leave
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
403-1 Occupational health and safety management
system
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment,
and incident investigation
403-3 Occupational health services

Page 335 – 3.1.3

403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational
health and safety impacts directly linked by business
relationships

Page 335 – 3.1.3

403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health
and safety management system
403-9 Work-related accidents

Page 335 – 3.1.3

403-10 Work-related ill health

Page 335 – 3.1.3

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Page 335 – 3.1.3
Page 335 – 3.1.3

Page 335 – 3.1.3

AIR LIQUIDE

373

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

CONTENT

Additional Information

GRI Standard and Disclosure

Location of Information in the 2025 Universal Registration Document

GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
404-1 Average hours of training per year
per employee

The average number of training hours per year and per employee in 2025
amounts to 19.3 hours, progressing by 36% vs. 2024. This reflects a significant
effort to equip teams with the necessary skills, in line with our transformation
programs, and the effectiveness of our Learning & Development organization,
leveraging Centers of Excellence that are close to the on-the-field needs.

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and
transition assistance programs
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular
performance and career development reviews
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016

Page 345 – 3.1.7
Page 345 – 3.1.7

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Page 105 – 3.1
Page 331 – 3.1.1
Page 340 – 3.1.4
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration
of women to men
GRI 406: Non-discrimination 2016

Page 342 – 3.1.5

406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective
actions taken
GRI 408: Child Labor 2016

Page 332 – 3.1.2

408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk
for incidents of child labor
GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016

Page 352 – 3.2.4

409-1: Operations and suppliers at significant risk
for incidents of forced or compulsory labor
GRI 413: Local Communities 2016

Page 352 – 3.2.4

413-1: Operations with local community engagement, “Access Oxygen™” program to facilitate access to oxygen
in low- and middle-income countries
impact assessments, and development programs
Persons in Africa with facilitated access to oxygen
Healthcare facilities benefiting from the Access Oxygen™ program
in 4 countries: South Africa, Senegal, Kenya and Mali

2025
3,449,284
384

“Citizen at Work” program

2025

Employees having access to volunteering opportunities

100%

413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential Page 351 – 3.2.3
negative impacts on local communities
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social
criteria
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain
and actions taken
GRI 415: Public Policy 2016

Page 348 – 3.2.
Page 359 – 4.4.1
Page 348 – 3.2
Page 359 – 4.4.1

415-1 Political contributions

Page 360 – 4.5

GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts
of product and service categories

374

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Page 353 – 3.3
Many industrial and medical gas applications protect the environment on the
sites of Group’s customers, and life of the Group´s patients. These applications
account for over 40% of Group revenue in 2025.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Additional Information

GRI Standard and Disclosure

Location of Information in the 2025 Universal Registration Document

GRI 417: Marketing and Labeling 2016
417-1 Requirements for product and service
information and labeling

REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and restriction of CHemicals) is
a European Union Regulation that governs the registration, notification,
restriction and authorization of chemical substances produced in or imported into
the European Union. Air Liquide ensures that the raw materials used and placed
on the market comply with the REACH regulation. Air Liquide’s main products,
such as oxygen, nitrogen, hydrogen, CO2, helium and rare gases are exempt
from registration under REACH. Air Liquide is the lead registrant for several
substances, in particular specialty gases from the Electronics activity (NF3, CF4,
C4F8, SiF4, etc.). Air Liquide is the ordinary registrant for several other
substances: carbon monoxide, acetylene, methanol, lime, nitrous oxide, ultrapure fuels have been registered under this regulation by each subsidiary
concerned. In addition, Seppic, a manufacturer of specialty ingredients for health
and beauty, is subject to REACH regulations for some of its substances. Seppic
ensures that compliance with the REACH regulation is maintained and also
ensures compliance with similar regulations outside Europe.
In 2025, the Group sales subject to registration under REACH represent less
than 1% of the Group revenue.
Air Liquide is mainly impacted by restrictions relating to the use of solvents used
to distribute acetylene. The solvent DMF is subject to a restriction under a
European Regulation of November 2021 that requires occupational exposure
during cylinder filling operations to be monitored. NMP, a potential substitute, is
also subject to restricted use as of May 2020.
Air Liquide does not distribute any SVHC (Substances of Very High Concern).
These SVHCs are essentially contained in articles distributed for the
commissioning or production of gases.
The WFD (Waste Framework Directive) requires distributors of articles
containing SVHCs, as defined by REACH, above 0.1% by weight, to fill out a
database called SCIP (Substances of Concern In articles as such or in complex
objects (Products)), where the article is described and the location of the SVHC
substance is designated. There is no threshold limit as for REACH notifications.
This SCIP database will be used at the end of the article’s life when it is
dismantled by waste treatment or recycling centers as part of the circular
economy. Air Liquide now requires its equipment suppliers to inform it of the
presence and precise location of all elementary parts containing SVHCs.
The Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals,
better known as GHS, was created by the United Nations. This system sets out
the classification of chemical products according to the types of danger that they
represent and provides standardized hazard information, including labeling.
This labeling must provide key information concerning health, safety and
environmental protection to everyone who handles a hazardous product or who
could be exposed to one.
In the countries in which GHS is implemented in local regulations, Air Liquide
subsidiaries have implemented the principles of GHS in terms of product
compliance in accordance with the requirements set out in local regulations.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

375

CONTENT

376

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

6

Annual General
Meeting 2026

BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT ON THE
RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED TO THE
COMBINED GENERAL MEETING –
MAY 5, 2026

378

Results for the fiscal year

378

Information on share capital
Investments and acquisition of controlling interests

378
378

Resolutions within the authority
of the Ordinary General Meeting

379

Resolutions within the authority
of the Extraordinary General Meeting

383

RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED
FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE COMBINED
GENERAL MEETING – MAY 5, 2026
385
Ordinary General Meeting
Extraordinary General Meeting
Ordinary General Meeting

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORTS

397

Statutory Auditors' Special Report on related party
agreements

397

Statutory Auditors' Report on the share capital
reduction

398

Statutory Auditors' Report on the issue of ordinary
shares and/or other equity securities reserved for
employees participating in a Company or Group
savings plan

399

Statutory Auditors' Report on the issue of ordinary
shares and other equity securities giving rights to
the share capital reserved for a category of
beneficiaries

400

385
392
396

AIR LIQUIDE

377

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Board of Directors’ Report on the resolutions presented to the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ REPORT ON
THE RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED TO THE
COMBINED GENERAL MEETING –
MAY 5, 2026
Results for the fiscal year
The Financial Statements of L’Air Liquide S.A. that have been
prepared by applying the methods provided for by law and the
standards of the French General Chart of Accounts are attached
to this Report – pages 265 to 277.
Revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, amounted
to 94.6 million euros, compared to 100.6 million euros in 2024,
down by -6.0%.
The income from French and foreign equity securities amounted
to 454.4 million euros, compared to 1,783.9 million euros in 2024.
Net profit for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, amounted
to 644.4 million euros, compared to 1,988.4 million euros in 2024.

Consolidated revenue in 2025 amounted to 26,940.2 million
euros, compared to 27,057.8 million euros in 2024, down by
-0.4%. After adjusting for the cumulative impact of foreign
exchange fluctuations, the increase was +2.8%. These currency
impacts were mainly caused by the depreciation of the Dollar
against the euro.
Consolidated net profit, after the deduction of minority interests,
amounted to 3,517.9 million euros, compared to 3,306.1 million
euros in 2024, up by +6.4% (up by +10.1% excluding foreign
exchange impact).
These results are detailed in the Management Report and the
Financial Statements.

Information on share capital
AMOUNT OF SHARE CAPITAL
HELD BY EMPLOYEES

CROSSING OF SHARE CAPITAL
AND VOTING RIGHTS THRESHOLDS IN 2025

Please refer to the chapter “Additional Information” of this
Universal Registration Document – page 401.

Please refer to the chapter “Additional Information” of this
Universal Registration Document – page 401.

Investments and acquisition of controlling interests
Pursuant to the provisions of article L. 233-6 of the French Commercial Code, L’Air Liquide S.A. did not carry out any new shareholding
or control transactions during the 2025 fiscal year.

378

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Board of Directors’ Report on the resolutions presented to the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Resolutions within the authority
of the Ordinary General Meeting
We ask you, having noted:
■ the Reports of the Board of Directors;
■ the Company’s financial statements, income statement,
balance sheet and notes thereto;
■ the Group’s consolidated financial statements;
■ the Reports of the Statutory Auditors,
to approve the Company financial statements and the
consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2025 as presented, as well as the transactions set
out in these Financial Statements or mentioned in these Reports.
Your Company’s net profit allows the Board to propose the
payment of a dividend of 3.70 euros for each share entitled to a
dividend, it being specified that in the event of a change in the
number of shares entitled to a dividend compared to the
579,384,423 shares making up the share capital as of
December 31, 2025, the overall dividend amount would be
adjusted accordingly and the amount appropriated to the retained
earnings account would be determined on the basis of the
dividends effectively paid.
The proposed dividend amounts to 3.70 euros per share,
representing an increase of +12.1% compared to the previous
year. In addition, a free share attribution, on the basis of one free
share for 10 shares held, as well as the application of a loyalty
bonus, are planned for 2026.
The ex-dividend date will be May 18, 2026. The dividend will be
paid on May 20, 2026.
In accordance with article 117 quater of the French Tax Code, it is
specified that ordinary and loyalty dividends paid to individuals
with their tax residence in France are fully subject to the single
flat-rate withholding tax of 12.8%. Nonetheless, at the global

request of the Shareholder, these dividends may be subject to the
progressive income tax rate and shall therefore be eligible for the
40% allowance referred to in section 2° of paragraph 3 of article
158 of the French Tax Code, which is applicable under certain
conditions. In all cases, these ordinary and loyalty dividends shall
also be subject to social contributions at a rate of 18.6%.
Shareholders, whatever their situation, are invited to o consult
their usual tax advisor.
In addition, Shareholders who have held their shares in registered
form for at least two years as of December 31, 2025, and who
retain such shares in registered form up to the dividend payment
date, shall be entitled, for such shares (i.e. a total number of
165,796,301 shares at December 31, 2025), to a loyalty dividend
of 10% compared with the dividend paid to the other shares, i.e.
an additional dividend of 0.37 euros per share.
The difference between the loyalty dividend calculated on the
number of shares known to exist at December 31, 2025, and the
loyalty dividend actually paid will be allocated to the retained
earnings account.
You are also asked to record the distributable profit for the fiscal
year, consisting of the profit for the 2025 fiscal year of
644,428,637 euros plus retained earnings available at
December
31,
2025
of
2,927,958,928
euros,
i.e.
3,572,387,565 euros.
We propose to appropriate the distributable earnings for fiscal
year 2025, i.e. 3,572,387,565 euros, as follows:
Legal reserve

618,838 euros

Retained earnings

1,366,701,731 euros

Dividend (including the loyalty dividend)

2,205,066,996 euros

Distribution
In accordance with French law, we wish to remind you that the distributions made in respect of the last three fiscal years were as follows:
Total amount
distributed (a)

Dividend distributed eligible in its entirety for the 40%
deduction referred to in article 158-3-2°
of the French Tax Code (c)

(in euros)

Number of shares
concerned (b)

Ordinary dividend

1,544,178,299

523,450,271

2.95

Loyalty dividend

43,256,757

149,161,232

0.29

Ordinary dividend

1,678,453,690

524,516,778

3.20

Loyalty dividend

46,502,649

145,320,778

0.32

Ordinary dividend

1,908,255,568

578,259,263

3.30

Loyalty dividend

53,946,131

163,473,123

0.33

(in euros)

Fiscal year 2022

Fiscal year 2023

Fiscal year 2024

(a) Theoretical values calculated based on the number of shares as of December 31 for each fiscal year.
(b) Number of shares expressed historically as of December 31 for each fiscal year.
The amounts effectively paid after adjustment were as follows:
– fiscal year 2022 – ordinary dividend: 1,540,365,457 euros for 522,157,782 shares; loyalty dividend: 42,571,128 euros for 146,796,994 shares;
– fiscal year 2023 – ordinary dividend: 1,672,929,059 euros for 522,790,331 shares; loyalty dividend: 47,719,730 euros for 149,124,155 shares;
– fiscal year 2024 – ordinary dividend: 1,903,923,163 euros for 576,946,413 shares; loyalty dividend: 55,231,326 euros for 167,367,655 shares.
The adjustment especially arises from the change in the number of treasury shares, from the final determination of the loyalty dividend taking into account the
divestiture of shares between January 1 and the ex-dividend date, from the exercise of options over this same period and the capital increase reserved for
employees.
(c) Applicable, under certain conditions, when the progressive income tax rate is chosen.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

379

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Board of Directors’ Report on the resolutions presented to the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Buyback by the Company of its own shares
A. Information on the completion in fiscal
year 2025 of the Company’s share buyback
program (pursuant to the provisions
of article L. 225-211 of the French
Commercial Code)
Reminder of the terms and conditions of the share buyback program
authorized by the Combined General Meeting on May 6, 2025
The Combined General Meeting of May 6, 2025 authorized the
Board, for a period of 18 months, in accordance with articles
L. 22-10-62 et seq. of the French Commercial Code and the
directly applicable provisions of European Commission Regulation
No. 596/2014 of April 16, 2014, to allow the Company to
repurchase its own shares in order to:
■ cancel them;
■ tender them following the exercise of rights attached to
marketable securities conferring entitlement to Company
shares by redemption, conversion, exchange, presentation of
a warrant or any other means;

■ no share buybacks were carried out under the share buyback
program during fiscal year 2025.
The total cost of buybacks was therefore zero. The total amount
of the transaction fees (exclusive of taxes) was 0.2 million euros.
■ During the fiscal year, the Company also proceeded to the
tender of treasury shares to beneficiaries of performance
share plans as follows:
– 196,127 shares definitively vested under the 2021
performance share plan (“World” Plan),
– 200,864 shares definitively vested under the 2022
performance share plan (“France” Plan);
■ In addition, the Board of Directors did not make use of the
authorization granted by the General Meeting of May 6, 2025,
and did not cancel any shares in 2025.
Shares registered in the name of the Company as of
December 31, 2025

■ implement (i) any share purchase option plans or (ii) plans for
free share attributions, or (iii) any employee share ownership
transactions reserved for members of a Company Savings
Plan, performed through the divestiture of shares acquired
previously by the Company, or providing for a free share grant
in respect of a contribution in shares by the Company and/or to
replace the discount, or (iv) allocation of shares to employees
and/or Company Officers and those of affiliated companies, in
accordance with the laws and regulations in force;

As of December 31, 2025, the Company directly owned
1,103,995 shares valued at an average purchase price of
153.83 euros, i.e. a balance sheet value of 169,831,531 euros.
These shares, each with a par value of 5.50 euros, represent 0.19%
of the Company’s share capital.

■ retain the shares for subsequent delivery (as exchange,
payment, or otherwise) in the context of external growth
transactions subject to a limit of 5% of the number of shares
making up the share capital of the Company;

Under the liquidity contract, as of December 31, 2025, a total of
50,050 shares were on the balance sheet for a net value of
8,043,273 euros.

■ maintain an active market in the Company’s shares pursuant
to a market liquidity contract in accordance with an Ethics
Charter recognized by the French financial market authority
(Autorité des marchés financiers).
The buyback by the Company of its own shares was also
intended to enable the implementation of any market practice that
may be permitted by the French financial market authority and,
more generally, the achievement of any other transaction
compliant with the regulations in force.
The maximum purchase price was set at 300 euros per share,
and the maximum number of shares that could be bought back
was set at 10% of the total number of shares making up the share
capital as of December 31, 2024, namely 57,825,926 shares for a
maximum total amount of 17,347,777,800.00 euros, subject to the
legal limits.
These shares may be purchased at any time, excluding the
periods for takeover bids on the Company’s share capital, on one
or more occasions and by all available means, either on or off a
stock exchange, over-the-counter, including the purchase of
blocks of shares, or through the use of derivative financial
instruments, and, if applicable, by all third parties acting on behalf
of the Company, under the conditions stipulated in the provisions
of the final paragraph of article L. 225-206 of the French
Commercial Code.
Review of the implementation of the share buyback program in 2025
Pursuant to this authorization granted by the Combined General
Meeting of May 6, 2025 and the previous delegation granted by
the Combined General Meeting of April 30, 2024,
■ pursuant to the liquidity contract, the following movements
occurred during fiscal year 2025:
– 767,592 shares were purchased for a total price of
132,418,375 euros, i.e. an average purchase price of
172.51 euros,

380

– 742,792 shares were sold for a total price of
128,541,345 euros, i.e. an average purchase price of
173.05 euros;

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Treasury shares thus held are allocated up to 1,011,995 shares
for the implementation of any performance share plan and up to
92,000 shares for cancellation.

It is specified that the shares held by the Company were not
reallocated during the 2025 fiscal year for purposes other than
those initially planned at the time of their buyback.

B. Description of the share buyback program
submitted to the General Meeting
(pursuant to articles 241-1 et seq.
of the General Regulation of the French
financial market authority) –
Draft resolution
As the authorization granted by the Ordinary General Meeting of
May 6, 2025 was partially used, the Board proposes to replace it
with a new authorization to allow the Company to repurchase its
own shares in order to:
■ cancel them, subject to the adoption of the 15ᵗʰ resolution;
■ tender them following the exercise of rights attached to
marketable securities conferring entitlement to Company
shares by redemption, conversion, exchange, presentation of
a warrant or any other means;
■ implement (i) any share purchase option plans or (ii) plans for
free share attributions, or (iii) any employee share ownership
transactions reserved for members of a Company Savings
Plan, performed under the terms and conditions set forth in
articles L. 3331-1 et seq. of the French Labor Code through the
divestiture of shares bought back previously by the Company
under this resolution, or providing for free share attributions in
respect of a contribution in shares by the Company and/or to
replace the discount, or (iv) share grants to employees and/or
Company Officers and those of affiliated companies;
■ retain the shares for subsequent delivery (as exchange,
payment, or otherwise) in the context of external growth
transactions subject to a limit of 5% of the number of shares
making up the share capital of the Company;

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

Board of Directors’ Report on the resolutions presented to the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

■ maintain an active market in the Company’s shares pursuant
to a liquidity contract in accordance with the market practice
recognized by the French financial market authority.
The buyback by the Company of its own shares shall be also
intended to enable the implementation of any market practice that
may be permitted by the French financial market authority and, more
generally, the achievement of any other transaction which would
comply with the regulations in force. In this case, the Company
would inform its Shareholders by means of a press release.
The maximum purchase price will be set at 300 euros (excluding
acquisition costs) per share with a par value of 5.50 euros, and
the maximum number of shares that can be bought back will be
set at 10% of the total number of shares making up the share
capital as of December 31, 2025, i.e. 57,938,442 shares with a
par value of 5.50 euros, for a maximum total amount of
17,381,532,600 euros, subject to the legal limits.
As in previous years, the resolution stipulates that the
authorization does not apply during takeover bid periods. These
shares may thus be purchased at any time, excluding the periods
for takeover bids on the Company’s share capital, on one or more
occasions and by all available means, either on or off a stock
exchange, over-the-counter, including the purchase of blocks of
shares, or through the use of derivative financial instruments, and,
if applicable, by all third parties acting on behalf of the Company,
under the conditions stipulated in the provisions of the final
paragraph of article L. 225-206 of the French Commercial Code.
Shares bought back may be commuted, assigned or transferred in
any manner on or off a stock exchange or over-the-counter,
including the divestiture of blocks of shares, in accordance with
the applicable regulations.
As treasury shares do not confer entitlement to a dividend, the
amount of the unpaid dividends will be allocated to retained earnings.
This authorization shall be granted for a period of 18 months
starting from the date of this General Meeting. It shall be valid as
of the date of the Board of Directors’ meeting called to decide on
the implementation of the share buyback program and, at the
latest, as of November 6, 2026. It supersedes the authorization
granted by the Ordinary General Meeting of May 6, 2025, in its
4th resolution with respect to its non-utilized portion.
Pursuant to the provisions of article 241-2 II of the General
Regulation of the French financial market authority, during the
completion of the buyback program, any change in any of the
information listed in this document will be brought to the attention
of the public as soon as possible, in accordance with the terms
set out in article 221-3 of the General Regulation of the French
financial market authority, in particular by posting it on the
Air Liquide website: www.airliquide.com.

Renewal of the term of office
of three Directors
The Board of Directors currently comprises 14 members: 12
members appointed by the General Meeting, including five foreign
nationals (i.e. 42%) and two Directors representing the employees.
The gender balance on the Board (excluding Directors
representing the employees) is 42% women and 58% men. With
10 Directors qualified as independent, the percentage of
independent Directors is 83%
In 2022, the Board of Directors opted for a dissociated
governance structure. Since then, Mr Benoît Potier has held the
functions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mr François
Jackow, those of Chief Executive Officer. Mr François Jackow had
also been appointed Director by the General Meeting of May
2022. The terms of office of Messrs Benoît Potier and François
Jackow expire at the end of this Meeting.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

On February 19, 2026, the Board of Directors, upon
recommendation of the Appointments and Governance
Committee, indicated its intention to maintain the separated
governance structure and to renew Mr François Jackow in his
functions as Chief Executive Officer and Mr Benoît Potier in his
functions as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Indeed the Board
of Directors considered that the existing governance structure,
which allows for an expansion of the scope of action by leveraging
the complementarity of the roles of the Chairman and the Chief
Executive Officer, remains the best suited to the challenges of the
current period for the Group.
Within the framework of a managerial transition already well
underway, the specific duties assigned to the Chairman of the
Board of Directors in 2022 in addition to his statutory duties would
be adapted and would henceforth be centered essentially on
institutional representation and long-term innovation areas of
focus, thereby allowing the Group to continue to benefit from the
Chairman’s extensive experience in this field. Furthermore, in
close conjunction with the Lead Director, the Appointments and
Governance Committee, and the Chief Executive Officer, he
would continue to participate in the work regarding to his own
succession.
The functions of Lead Director entrusted to Mr Xavier Huillard,
independent Director, would be maintained.
In this context, it is proposed in the 5ᵗʰ resolution and the
6ᵗʰ resolution to renew the terms of office as Director of Messrs
Benoît Potier and François Jackow for a period of four years.
The 7ᵗʰ resolution concerns the renewal of the term of office as
Director of Ms Annette Winkler for a period of four years. Ms
Annette Winkler is a Director since 2014. The Board of Directors
underlined Ms Annette Winkler's strong commitment to the work
of the Board and more particularly as a member of the
Appointments and Governance Committee, since May 2017. She
notably actively participated in the strengthening of skills within
the Board and the Committees, bringing her long-term vision of
the Group's governance. As Chairwoman of the Environment and
Society Committee since May 2020, Ms Annette Winkler has
played a decisive role in the implementation of new obligations
related to sustainability. Furthermore, her skills and experience as
a senior executive in a large international industrial group and her
sector expertise in the automotive sector will continue to be a
major advantage for the Board. Within the framework of this fourth
term of office, Ms Annette Winkler, who will have completed more
than 12 years of tenure as a Director, will no longer be an
independent Director.
The Board was assured that Ms Annette Winkler will continue to
have sufficient availability to participate assiduously in the work of
the Board. In 2025, her attendance rate at meetings of the Board
of Directors and the Committees of which she is a member was
100%. It stands at 100% over all the meetings of the Board and
the two Committees concerned during her last term of office.
For information, the term of office as Director representing the
employees of Mr Philippe Dubrulle also expires at the end of this
Meeting. Mr Philippe Dubrulle, who had been designated by the
France Group Committee in June 2014, then renewed in 2018
and in 2022, announced that he does not wish to renew his
functions. In a plenary session on December 11, 2025, the France
Group Committee designated Mr Benjamin Le Creurer as Director
representing the employees. This appointment will take effect at
the end of this Meeting, for a term of office expiring at the end of
the General Meeting of Shareholders of 2030 (ruling on the
accounts for the 2029 fiscal year).

AIR LIQUIDE

381

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Board of Directors’ Report on the resolutions presented to the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

At the end of this Meeting, subject to the approval of the proposed
resolutions, the Board of Directors would remain composed of
14 members: 12 Directors appointed by the General Meeting of
Shareholders and two Directors representing the employees. The
percentage of independent Directors would amount to 75%.

Regulated agreements
During the 2025 fiscal year, no new regulated agreements were
submitted for the prior approval of the Board of Directors.
As provided by the law, the Board of Directors conducted an annual
review of the regulated agreements authorized and concluded
during previous fiscal years and noted that no agreements
continued during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.
In the 8ᵗʰ resolution, you are asked to take note of the fact that the
Statutory Auditors’ Special Report on regulated agreements does
not mention any new agreements.
This Special Report is included in Chapter 6 of the 2025 Universal
Registration Document.

Approval of the remuneration of Company
Officers paid during or awarded in respect
of the 2025 fiscal year
Pursuant to article L. 22-10-34 II of the French Commercial Code,
you are asked:
■ in the 9ᵗʰ resolution to approve the fixed, variable and
exceptional elements of the total remuneration and other
benefits paid in 2025 or awarded in respect of the 2025 fiscal
year to Mr François Jackow as Chief Executive Officer. It is
specified that no exceptional remuneration was paid or
awarded to him in 2025;
■ in the 10ᵗʰ resolution to approve the fixed, variable and
exceptional elements of the total remuneration and other
benefits paid in 2025 or awarded in respect of the 2025 fiscal
year to Mr Benoît Potier as Chairman of the Board of Directors.
It is specified that no variable remuneration, LTI or exceptional
remuneration were paid or awarded to him in 2025.
These elements of remuneration are described in the Report on
Corporate Governance included in Chapter 3 of the 2025
Universal Registration Document. They were paid or awarded in
line with the remuneration policy approved by the General
Meeting on May 6, 2025.

382

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Approval of information relating
to the remuneration of corporate
officers included in the Report
on Corporate Governance in
accordance with article L. 22-10-9 I
of the French Commercial Code
In accordance with article L. 22-10-34 I of the French Commercial
Code, you are asked to approve the 11ᵗʰ resolution on the
information relating to the remuneration of the Company’s
corporate officers (Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board
of Directors and Directors) listed in article L. 22-10-9 I of the
French Commercial Code.
This information includes in particular elements which establish the
link between the Executive Officer’s remuneration and the
Company’s performance, as well as communication of remuneration
ratios, both on the legal scope and on an expanded scope.
This information is described in the Report on Corporate
Governance included in Chapter 3 of the 2025 Universal
Registration Document.

Approval of the remuneration policy
applicable to corporate officers
Pursuant to article L. 22-10-8 II of the French Commercial Code,
you are asked to approve the remuneration policy applicable
to corporate officers.
The elements of this policy, including the remuneration policy for
Executive Officers and non-executive Company Officers, their
application to each Company Officer and the policy applicable to
Directors, are described in the Report on Corporate Governance in
Chapter 3 of the 2025 Universal Registration Document, in the
section entitled “Remuneration policy applicable to corporate officers”.
The approval of the remuneration policy is the subject of the
12ᵗʰ resolution for the Chief Executive Officer (applicable to Mr
François Jackow), the 13ᵗʰ resolution for the Chairman of the
Board of Directors (applicable to Mr Benoît Potier) and the
14ᵗʰ resolution for the Company’s Directors.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

Board of Directors’ Report on the resolutions presented to the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Resolutions within the authority
of the Extraordinary General Meeting
Authorization to reduce the share capital
by cancelation of treasury shares
In the 15ᵗʰ resolution you are asked, as every year, to authorize
the Board of Directors to cancel any or all of the shares
purchased in the share buyback program and reduce share
capital under certain conditions, particularly in order to offset,
where necessary, any potential dilution resulting from capital
increases relating to employee shareholding transactions.
The difference between the carrying amount of the canceled
shares and their nominal amount will be allocated to reserve or
additional paid-in capital accounts.
This authorization granted to the Board of Directors will be for a
period of 24 months.

Share capital increase through
capitalization of additional paid-in capital,
reserves, profits or any other amounts
The Combined General Meeting of April 30, 2024 authorized the
Board of Directors, for a period of 26 months, to increase the
share capital, on one or more occasions, through the
incorporation of additional paid-in capital, reserves, profits or other
amounts, including with a view to free shares attributions for
Shareholders.
This authorization was partially used in 2024: the Company
allocated one free share for 10 shares held following a capital
increase by incorporation of a sum of 296.5 million euros
deducted from the “Issue premiums” item, thus creating
53,911,973 new shares (amount including the 10% increase, i.e.
one additional free share for every 100 existing shares held in
registered form for more than two full calendar years).
The aim of the 16th resolution is to renew this authorization up to a
maximum of 320 million euros. As in 2024, in order to provide
Shareholders with the right to express an opinion on such a
capital increase during periods of takeover bids, it is proposed
that this delegation of authority be suspended during periods of
takeover bids. On the basis of this resolution, a free share
attribution at the rate of one free share for 10 shares held, as well
as the application of a loyalty bonus, are planned for 2026.

Capital increase reserved for employees
with cancelation of Shareholder
preferential subscription rights
In accordance with legal provisions, these draft resolutions are
submitted again to the vote at the General Meeting. The two
resolutions proposed to the General Meeting are identical to those
approved on May 6, 2025.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The previous employee shareholding operation took place in
November 2025, in accordance with the authorizations given by
the 20th and 21st resolutions of the General Meeting of May 6,
2025 (see the Board of Directors’ Supplementary Report,
Chapter 3 – pages 188 to 189). The subscription price of the
shares was 137.89 euros (146.50 euros in the United States) per
share. 22,188 employees (and retirees) in 57 countries
representing 33.45% of eligible employees subscribed to this
operation. The General Meeting, having read the Board of
Directors’ Report and the Statutory Auditors’ Special Report, is
therefore asked to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on
one or more share capital increases, at the time or times and in
the proportions that it deems appropriate, via the issuance of
ordinary shares of the Company, as well as other marketable
securities granting access to the Company’s share capital,
reserved for:
■ on the one hand, under the 17ᵗʰ resolution, the members, from
the Company and the French or foreign companies which are
affiliated to it within the meaning of article L. 225-180 of the
French Commercial Code and article L. 3344-1 of the French
Labor Code, of a Company or Group Savings Plan (directly or
through a Company mutual fund or any other structures or
entities permitted by applicable legal or regulatory provisions).
The delegation shall be valid for a period of 26 months starting
from the date of this General Meeting;
■ on the other hand, under the 18ᵗʰ resolution, a category of
beneficiaries, defined as (i) employees and corporate officers
of companies related to the Company under the conditions of
article L. 225-180 of the French Commercial Code and article
L. 3341-1 of the French Labor Code and having their
registered office outside France and/or (ii) any financial
institution or subsidiary of such an institution mandated by the
Company and which may subscribe for shares or other equity
securities issued by the Company pursuant to this resolution,
for the sole purpose of allowing employees and corporate
officers of foreign companies related to the Company within
the meaning of articles L. 225-180 of the French Commercial
Code and L. 3344-1 of the French Labor Code to benefit from
a shareholding or investment scheme with an economic profile
comparable to an employee shareholding scheme that may be
set up as part of a capital increase carried out pursuant to the
17ᵗʰ resolution submitted to the vote of this General Meeting,
taking into account the regulatory and tax and/or social
framework applicable in the countries of residence of the
employees and corporate officers of the aforementioned
foreign companies and/or (iii) pooled-investment funds
(OPCVM) or other employee shareholding entities, whether or
not a legal entity, invested in Company shares whose unit
holders or shareholders are made up of persons mentioned in
(i) or allowing these persons to benefit, directly or indirectly,
from a system of shareholding or savings in Company shares.
The delegation shall be valid for a period of 18 months starting
from the date of this General Meeting.

AIR LIQUIDE

383

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Board of Directors’ Report on the resolutions presented to the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

The Board of Directors shall be competent to determine, within
those categories, the identity of the beneficiaries of these share
capital increases.
The total amount of share capital increases likely to be performed
pursuant to these two resolutions may not exceed a maximum
nominal amount of 22 million euros, corresponding to the issue of
a maximum of 4 million shares. Furthermore, the maximum
nominal amount of share capital increases likely to be performed
on the basis of these two resolutions shall be deducted from the
overall limit stipulated in paragraph 2 of the 16ᵗʰ resolution of the
Extraordinary General Meeting of May 6, 2025. In the event that
they are used, the proposed resolutions will automatically result in
the cancelation of the Shareholders’ preferential subscription
rights in favor of the above-mentioned beneficiaries.
Under the 17ᵗʰ resolution, the subscription price may not exceed
the average, pursuant to the provisions of article L. 3332-19 of the
French Labor Code, of the opening trading prices for the
Company’s share during the 20 trading days preceding the date of
the decision setting the opening date for the subscription period,
or be more than 20% lower than such average, bearing in mind
that the General Meeting will officially authorize the Board of
Directors, if deemed appropriate, to reduce or cancel the
aforementioned discount, especially in view of the legal,
regulatory and tax constraints under the applicable foreign law,
where applicable. In accordance with article L. 3332-21 of the
French Labor Code, the Board of Directors may provide for the
free share attribution, to the beneficiaries referred to in the
17ᵗʰ resolution, of shares to be issued or already issued or other
equity securities or securities granting access to the Company’s
capital to be issued or already issued, in respect of (i) the
contribution that could be paid in accordance with the regulations
governing Company or Group Saving Plans, and/or (ii) where
appropriate, the discount.

384

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Should the beneficiaries referred to in the 17ᵗʰ resolution not
subscribe to the entire share capital increase within the allotted
deadlines, the share capital increase would only be performed for
the amount of the shares subscribed, and the non-subscribed
shares may be offered again to the beneficiaries concerned within
the scope of a subsequent share capital increase.
Under the 18ᵗʰ resolution, the unit issue price of the shares to be
issued pursuant to this resolution will be set by the Board of
Directors (i) on the basis of the Company’s share price; this issue
price will be equal to the average of the opening listed prices of
the Company’s shares during the 20 trading sessions preceding
the day of the Board of Directors’ decision setting the opening
date of the subscription to a capital increase carried out on the
basis of the 17th resolution, with the ability to reduce this average
by a maximum discount of 20%; the amount of any such discount
will be determined by the Board of Directors within the
aforementioned limit, and/or (ii) at the same price decided on the
basis of the 17ᵗʰ resolution in the event of a concomitant
transaction and/or (iii) in accordance with the terms for setting the
subscription price for Company shares, taking into account the
specific regime of an offer of Company shares that may be made
as part of a shareholding scheme governed by foreign law, in
particular under a Share Incentive Plan in the United Kingdom or
a plan established pursuant to sections 401 (k) or 423 of the
United States Tax Code.
Finally, the General Meeting shall grant full powers to the Board of
Directors, with the option of sub-delegation under the conditions
determined by law, to set, within the limits described above, the
various terms and conditions governing the implementation of the
two proposed resolutions.

AIR LIQUIDE

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Resolutions presented for the approval of the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED
FOR THE APPROVAL OF
THE COMBINED GENERAL
MEETING – MAY 5, 2026
Ordinary General Meeting
Resolutions 1 and 2 Approval of the Financial Statements
for the 2025 fiscal year
Purpose
You are asked in the 1ˢᵗ and 2ⁿᵈ resolutions to approve both the Company and Consolidated Financial Statements of Air Liquide
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, as presented in Chapter 4 of the 2025 Universal Registration Document.

First Resolution

Second Resolution

The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, having noted:

The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, having noted:

■ the Reports of the Board of Directors and the Statutory
Auditors;

■ the Reports of the Board of Directors and the Statutory Auditors;

■ the Company’s financial statements, income statement,
balance sheet and notes thereto,

approves the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year
ended December 31, 2025, as presented.

(Approval of the Company Financial Statements
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025)

approves the Company Financial Statements for the year ended
December 31, 2025 as presented, and approves the transactions
reflected in these Financial Statements or mentioned in
these Reports.

(Approval of the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025)

■ the Group’s consolidated financial statements,

The General Meeting determines the amount of net earnings for
the fiscal year to be 644,428,637 euros.

Resolution 3 Appropriation of earnings and setting of the dividend
Purpose
In the 3ʳᵈ resolution, the Board of Directors asks you to approve the distribution of a dividend of 3.70 euros per share, which represents
an increase in shareholder remuneration of +12.1% compared to the previous year. In addition, a free share attribution, subject to the
approval of the 16ᵗʰ resolution and on the basis of one free share for 10 shares held, as well as the application of a loyalty bonus, are
planned for 2026.
A loyalty dividend of 10%, i.e. 0.37 euros per share, is granted to shares which have been held in registered form since December 31,
2023 and which remain held in this form continuously until May 20, 2026, the dividend payment date. As of December 31, 2025, 28.62%
of the shares making up the share capital are likely to benefit from this loyalty dividend.
With an estimated pay-out ratio of 63% of the Group’s published net profit, the dividend proposed to the Meeting is an integral part of
Air Liquide’s policy to reward and grow Shareholder portfolios over the long term.
The ex-dividend date will be May 18, 2026. The dividend will be paid on May 20, 2026.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

385

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Resolutions presented for the approval of the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Third Resolution

(Appropriation of 2025 earnings; setting of the dividend)
The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, having noted that,
considering the fiscal year 2025 earnings of 644,428,637 euros
and the retained earnings of 2,927,958,928 euros as of
December 31, 2025, distributable earnings for the fiscal year
amount to a total of 3,572,387,565 euros, approves the proposals
of the Board of Directors regarding the appropriation of earnings.
The General Meeting hereby decides to appropriate distributable
earnings as follows:
Legal reserve

618,838 euros

Retained earnings

1,366,701,731 euros

Dividend (including the loyalty dividend)

2,205,066,996 euros

Hence, a dividend of 3.70 euros shall be paid to each of the
shares conferring entitlement to a dividend, it being specified that,
in the event of a change in the number of shares conferring
entitlement to a dividend compared to the 579,384,423 shares
making up the share capital as of December 31, 2025, the overall
dividend amount would be adjusted accordingly and the amount
appropriated to the retained earnings account would be
determined on the basis of the dividend effectively paid.
The dividend will be paid on May 20, 2026:
■ for direct registered shares: directly by the Company through
its specialized service provider;
■ for intermediary registered shares, as well as for bearer shares
which are registered in Shareholder accounts: by the
authorized intermediaries to which the management of these
shares has been entrusted.

The dividend distributions made with respect to the last three fiscal years are as follows:
Total amount
distributed (a)

Dividend distributed eligible in its entirety for the
40% deduction referred to in article 158-3-2°
of the French Tax Code (c)

(in euros)

Number of shares
concerned (b)

Ordinary dividend

1,544,178,299

523,450,271

2.95

Loyalty dividend

43,256,757

149,161,232

0.29

Ordinary dividend

1,678,453,690

524,516,778

3.20

Loyalty dividend

46,502,649

145,320,778

0.32

Ordinary dividend

1,908,255,568

578,259,263

3.30

Loyalty dividend

53,946,131

163,473,123

0.33

(in euros)

Fiscal year 2022

Fiscal year 2023

Fiscal year 2024

(a) Theoretical values calculated based on the number of shares as of December 31 for each fiscal year.
(b) Number of shares expressed historically as of December 31 for each fiscal year.
The amounts effectively paid after adjustment were as follows:
– fiscal year 2022 – ordinary dividend: 1,540,365,457 euros for 522,157,782 shares; loyalty dividend: 42,571,128 euros for 146,796,994 shares;
– fiscal year 2023 – ordinary dividend: 1,672,929,059 euros for 522,790,331 shares; loyalty dividend: 47,719,730 euros for 149,124,155 shares;
– fiscal year 2024 – ordinary dividend: 1,903,923,163 euros for 576,946,413 shares; loyalty dividend: 55,231,326 euros for 167,367,655 shares.
The adjustment especially arises from the change in the number of treasury shares, from the final determination of the loyalty dividend taking into account the
divestiture of shares between January 1 and the ex-dividend date, from the exercise of options over this same period and the capital increase reserved for
employees.
(c) Applicable, under certain conditions, when the progressive income tax rate is chosen.

Pursuant to the provisions of the articles of association, a loyalty
dividend of 10%, i.e. 0.37 euros per share with a par value of
5.50 euros, shall be granted to shares which have been held in
registered form since December 31, 2023, and which remain held in
this form continuously until May 20, 2026, the dividend payment date.
In accordance with article 117 quater of the French Tax Code, it is
specified that ordinary and loyalty dividends paid to individuals
with their tax residence in France are fully subject to the single
flat-rate withholding tax of 12.8%. Nonetheless, at the global
request of the Shareholder, these dividends may be subject to the
progressive income tax rate and shall therefore be eligible for the
40% allowance referred to in section 2° of paragraph 3 of article
158 of the French Tax Code, which is applicable under certain
conditions. In all cases, these ordinary and loyalty dividends shall

386

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

also be subject to social contributions at a rate of 18.6%.
Shareholders, whatever their situation, are invited to consult their
usual tax advisor.
The total amount of the loyalty dividend for the
165,796,301 shares which have been held in registered form
since December 31, 2023, and which remained held in this form
continuously until December 31, 2025, amounts to
61,344,631 euros.
The total loyalty dividends corresponding to those of the
165,796,301 shares that cease to be held in registered form
between January 1, 2026 and the May 20, 2026 dividend payment
date, shall be deducted from the aforementioned amount.

AIR LIQUIDE

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Resolutions presented for the approval of the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Resolution 4 Buyback by the Company of its own shares
Purpose
The 4ᵗʰ resolution renews the authorization granted to the Board of Directors, for a period of 18 months, to allow the Company to buy
back its own shares (including under a liquidity contract). The objectives of the share buyback program are detailed below in the
4th resolution and the buyback program description included in the 2025 Universal Registration Document available on the Company’s
website, www.airliquide.com, prior to the General Meeting.
In 2025, the Company did not buy back any shares and did not cancel any shares.
Additionally, under the liquidity contract, 767,592 shares were purchased and 742,792 were sold in fiscal year 2025. As of December 31,
2025, 50,050 shares were held under the liquidity contract.
As of December 31, 2025, the Company directly owned 1,103,995 shares: 1,011,995 shares for the implementation of any performance
share plan and 92,000 shares for cancelation. These shares represent 0.19% of the Company’s share capital. They do not have any
voting rights and their related dividends are allocated to retained earnings.
The authorization referred to in the 4ᵗʰ resolution provides that the maximum purchase price is set at 300 euros per share and the
maximum number of shares that can be bought back is limited to 10% of the total number of shares comprising the share capital as of
December 31, 2025, i.e. 57,938,442 shares, for a maximum total amount of 17,381,532,600 euros.
The share acquisitions carried out under this delegation may be aimed at objectives compatible with the regulations in force, in particular
the retention of shares for subsequent delivery (as exchange, payment or otherwise) in the context of external growth transactions
subject to a limit of 5% of the number of shares making up the share capital of the Company and, in line with previous practices, for the
purpose of employee share ownership transactions, in particular for the purpose of performance share plans in favor of employees and
Executive Officers.
Subject to the approval of the 15ᵗʰ resolution, treasury shares may also be canceled to offset, in the long term, the potential dilutive
impact resulting from capital increases relating to employee shareholding transactions.
The Board also intends to maintain the liquidity contract in place, in line with the French financial market authority regulations.
As in previous years, the resolution stipulates that the authorization does not apply during takeover bid periods.

Fourth Resolution

(Authorization granted to the Board of Directors
for a period of 18 months to allow the Company
to trade in its own shares)
The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, having noted the
Board of Directors’ Report, in accordance with articles L. 22-10-62
et seq. of the French Commercial Code and the directly applicable
provisions of European Commission Regulation No. 596/2014 of
April 16, 2014, authorizes the Board of Directors to allow the
Company to repurchase its own shares in order to:
■ cancel them, subject to the adoption of the fifteenth resolution;
■ tender them following the exercise of rights attached to
marketable securities conferring entitlement to Company
shares by redemption, conversion, exchange, presentation of
a warrant or any other means;
■ implement (i) any share purchase option plans or (ii) plans for
free share attributions, or (iii) any employee share ownership
transactions reserved for members of a Company Savings
Plan, performed under the terms and conditions set forth in
articles L. 3331-1 et seq. of the French Labor Code through the
divestiture of shares bought back previously by the Company
under this resolution, or providing for free share attributions in
respect of a contribution in shares by the Company and/or to
replace the discount, or (iv) share grants to employees and/or
Company Officers and those of affiliated companies;
■ retain the shares for subsequent delivery (as exchange,
payment, or otherwise) in the context of external growth
transactions subject to a limit of 5% of the number of shares
making up the share capital of the Company;
■ maintain an active market in the Company’s shares pursuant
to a liquidity contract in accordance with the market practice
recognized by the French financial market authority.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The buyback by the Company of its own shares shall be also
intended to enable the implementation of any market practice that
may be permitted by the French financial market authority and,
more generally, the achievement of any other transaction which
would comply with the regulations in force. In this case, the
Company would inform its Shareholders by means of a press
release.
The General Meeting sets the maximum purchase price at
300 euros (excluding acquisition costs) per share with a par value
of 5.50 euros, and the maximum number of shares that can be
bought back at 10% of the total number of shares making up the
share capital as of December 31, 2025, i.e. 57,938,442 shares
with a par value of 5.50 euros, for a maximum total amount of
17,381,532,600 euros, subject to the legal limits.
These shares may be purchased at any time, excluding the
periods for takeover bids on the Company’s share capital, on one
or more occasions and by all available means, either on or off a
stock exchange, over-the-counter, including the purchase of
blocks of shares, or through the use of derivative financial
instruments, and, if applicable, by all third parties acting on behalf
of the Company, under the conditions stipulated in the provisions
of the final paragraph of article L. 225-206 of the French
Commercial Code.
Shares bought back may be commuted, assigned or transferred in
any manner on or off a stock exchange or over-the-counter,
including the divestiture of blocks of shares, in accordance with
the applicable regulations.
As own shares do not confer entitlement to a dividend, the amount
of the unpaid dividends will be allocated to retained earnings.

AIR LIQUIDE

387

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Resolutions presented for the approval of the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

This authorization is granted for a period of 18 months starting
from the date of this Meeting. It shall be valid as of the date of the
Board of Directors’ meeting called to decide on the
implementation of the share buyback program and, at the latest,
as of November 6, 2026. With effect from this date, it will
supersede the authorization granted by the fourth resolution of the
Ordinary General Meeting of May 6, 2025, with respect to the
non-utilized portion of such authorization.
The General Meeting gives full powers to the Board of Directors,
with the possibility of sub-delegating such powers, to implement

this authorization, place orders for trades, enter into all
agreements, perform all formalities and make all declarations with
regard to all authorities and, generally, do all that is necessary for
the execution of any of the Board’s decisions made in connection
with this authorization.
The Board of Directors shall inform the General Meeting of any
transactions performed in light of this authorization in accordance
with applicable regulations.

Resolutions 5 to 7 Renewal of the term of office of three Directors
Purpose
The Board of Directors currently comprises 14 members: 12 members appointed by the General Meeting, including five foreign nationals
(i.e. 42%) and two Directors representing the employees. The gender balance on the Board (excluding Directors representing
the employees) is 42% women and 58% men. With 10 Directors qualified as independent, the percentage of independent Directors is 83%.
In 2022, the Board of Directors opted for a dissociated governance structure. Since then, Mr Benoît Potier has held the functions of
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mr François Jackow, those of Chief Executive Officer. Mr François Jackow had also been
appointed Director by the General Meeting of May 2022. The terms of office of Messrs Benoît Potier and François Jackow expire at the
end of this Meeting.
On February 19, 2026, the Board of Directors, upon recommendation of the Appointments and Governance Committee, indicated its
intention to maintain the separated governance structure and to renew Mr François Jackow in his functions as Chief Executive Officer
and Mr Benoît Potier in his functions as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Indeed the Board of Directors considered that the existing
governance structure, which allows for an expansion of the scope of action by leveraging the complementarity of the roles of the
Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer, remains the best suited to the challenges of the current period for the Group.
Within the framework of a managerial transition already well underway, the specific duties assigned to the Chairman of the Board of
Directors in 2022 in addition to his statutory duties would be adapted and would henceforth be centered essentially on institutional
representation and long-term innovation areas of focus, thereby allowing the Group to continue to benefit from the Chairman’s extensive
experience in this field. Furthermore, in close conjunction with the Lead Director, the Appointments and Governance Committee, and the
Chief Executive Officer, he would continue to participate in the work regarding to his own succession.
The functions of Lead Director entrusted to Mr Xavier Huillard, independent Director, would be maintained.
In this context, it is proposed in the 5ᵗʰ resolution and the 6ᵗʰ resolution to renew the terms of office as Director of Messrs Benoît Potier
and François Jackow for a period of four years.
The 7ᵗʰ resolution concerns the renewal of the term of office as Director of Ms Annette Winkler for a period of four years. Ms Annette
Winkler is a Director since 2014. The Board of Directors underlined Ms Annette Winkler's strong commitment to the work of the Board
and more particularly as a member of the Appointments and Governance Committee, since May 2017. She notably actively participated
in the strengthening of skills within the Board and the Committees, bringing her long-term vision of the Group's governance. As
Chairwoman of the Environment and Society Committee since May 2020, Ms Annette Winkler has played a decisive role in the
implementation of new obligations related to sustainability. Furthermore, her skills and experience as a senior executive in a large
international industrial group and her sector expertise in the automotive sector will continue to be a major advantage for the Board. Within
the framework of this fourth term of office, Ms Annette Winkler, who will have completed more than 12 years of tenure as a Director, will
no longer be an independent Director.
The Board was assured that Ms Annette Winkler will continue to have sufficient availability to participate assiduously in the work of the
Board. In 2025, her attendance rate at meetings of the Board of Directors and the Committees of which she is a member was 100%. It
stands at 100% over all the meetings of the Board and the two Committees concerned during her last term of office.
For information, the term of office as Director representing the employees of Mr Philippe Dubrulle also expires at the end of this Meeting.
Mr Philippe Dubrulle, who had been designated by the France Group Committee in June 2014, then renewed in 2018 and in 2022,
announced that he does not wish to renew his functions. In a plenary session on December 11, 2025, the France Group Committee
designated Mr Benjamin Le Creurer as Director representing the employees. This appointment will take effect at the end of this Meeting,
for a term of office expiring at the end of the General Meeting of Shareholders of 2030 (ruling on the accounts for the 2029 fiscal year).
At the end of this Meeting, subject to the approval of the proposed resolutions, the Board of Directors would remain composed of
14 members: 12 Directors appointed by the General Meeting of Shareholders and two Directors representing the employees. The
percentage of independent Directors would amount to 75%.

388

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Resolutions presented for the approval of the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Fifth Resolution

(Renewal of the term of office of Mr. Benoît Potier
as Director of the Company)
The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, having noted the
Board of Directors’ Report, decides to renew the term of office as a
Director of Mr Benoît Potier for a period of four years, which will
expire at the end of the 2030 General Meeting held to approve the
Financial Statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2029.

Sixth Resolution

(Renewal of the term of office of Mr. François Jackow
as Director of the Company)

Board of Directors’ Report, decides to renew the term of office as a
Director of Mr François Jackow for a period of four years, which will
expire at the end of the 2030 General Meeting held to approve the
Financial Statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2029.

Seventh Resolution

(Renewal of the term of office of Mrs. Annette Winkler
as Director of the Company)
The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, having noted the
Board of Directors’ Report, decides to renew the term of office as a
Director of Mrs Annette Winkler for a period of four years, which will
expire at the end of the 2030 General Meeting held to approve the
Financial Statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2029.

The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, having noted the

Resolution 8 Regulated agreements
Purpose
During the 2025 fiscal year, no new regulated agreements were submitted for the prior approval of the Board of Directors.
As provided by the law, the Board of Directors conducted an annual review of the regulated agreements authorized and concluded during
previous fiscal years and noted that no agreements continued during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.
In the 8ᵗʰ resolution, you are asked to take note of the fact that the Statutory Auditors’ Special Report on regulated agreements does not
mention any new agreements.
This Special Report is included in Chapter 6 of the 2025 Universal Registration Document.

Eight Resolution

(Statutory Auditors’ Special Report on agreements
covered by the articles L. 225-38 et seq.
of the French Commercial Code)
The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, duly notes that
the Statutory Auditors’ Special Report on the agreements

covered by articles L. 225-38 et seq. of the French Commercial
Code required by the legal and regulatory provisions in force has
been submitted to the General Meeting and that it makes no
mention of any new agreement during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2025.

Resolutions 9 and 10 Approval of the remuneration of Company
Officers paid during or awarded in respect of the 2025 fiscal year
Purpose
Pursuant to article L. 22-10-34 II of the French Commercial Code, you are asked:
■ in the 9ᵗʰ resolution to approve the fixed, variable and exceptional elements of the total remuneration and other benefits paid in 2025
or awarded in respect of the 2025 fiscal year to Mr François Jackow as Chief Executive Officer. It is specified that no exceptional
remuneration was paid or awarded to him in 2025;
■ in the 10ᵗʰ resolution to approve the fixed, variable and exceptional elements of the total remuneration and other benefits paid in
2025 or awarded in respect of the 2025 fiscal year to Mr Benoît Potier as Chairman of the Board of Directors. It is specified that no
variable remuneration, LTI or exceptional remuneration were paid or awarded to him in 2025.
These elements of remuneration are described in the Report on Corporate Governance included in Chapter 3 of the 2025 Universal
Registration Document. They were paid or awarded in line with the remuneration policy approved by the General Meeting on May 6, 2025.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

389

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Resolutions presented for the approval of the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Ninth Resolution

Tenth Resolution

The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, approves,
pursuant to article L. 22-10-34 II of the French Commercial Code,
the fixed, variable and exceptional elements of the total
remuneration and benefits of any kind paid during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2025, or awarded for the same fiscal year to
Mr François Jackow, Chief Executive Officer, as presented in the
Company’s 2025 Universal Registration Document, in Chapter 3
“Corporate governance”, in the section entitled “Remuneration of
L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers”, in the paragraph headed
“Elements of the total remuneration and benefits of any kind paid
during or awarded in respect of the 2025 fiscal year, to
Mr François Jackow and on which the General Meeting of May 5,
2026, is invited to vote”.

The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, approves,
pursuant to article L. 22-10-34 II of the French Commercial Code,
the fixed, variable and exceptional elements of the total
remuneration and benefits of any kind paid during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2025, or awarded for the same fiscal year to
Mr Benoît Potier, Chairman of the Board of Directors, as
presented in the Company’s 2025 Universal Registration
Document, in Chapter 3 “Corporate governance”, in the section
entitled “Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate officers,” in
the paragraph headed “Elements of the total remuneration and
benefits of any kind paid during or awarded in respect of the 2025
fiscal year, to Mr Benoît Potier and on which the General Meeting
of May 5, 2026, is invited to vote”.

(Approval of the components of the remuneration
paid during or awarded in respect of the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2025 to Mr. François Jackow,
Chief Executive Officer)

(Approval of the components of the remuneration
paid during or awarded in respect of the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2025 to Mr. Benoît Potier,
Chairman of the Board of Directors)

Resolution 11 Approval of information relating to the remuneration
of corporate officers included in the Report on Corporate
Governance in accordance with article L. 22-10-9 I
of the French Commercial Code
Purpose
In accordance with article L. 22-10-34 I of the French Commercial Code, you are asked to approve the 11ᵗʰ resolution on the information
relating to the remuneration of the Company’s corporate officers (Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Directors) listed in article L. 22-10-9 I of the French Commercial Code.
This information includes in particular elements which establish the link between the Executive Officer’s remuneration and the Company’s
performance, as well as communication of remuneration ratios, both on the legal scope and on an expanded scope.
This information is described in the Report on Corporate Governance included in Chapter 3 of the 2025 Universal Registration Document.

Eleventh Resolution

(Approval of information relating to the remuneration
of corporate officers stated in article L. 22-10-9 I
of the French Commercial Code)
The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, approves,
pursuant to article L. 22-10-34 I of the French Commercial Code,
the information mentioned in article L. 22-10-9 I of the same Code,
which is included in the Board of Directors’ Report on Corporate

390

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Governance as presented in the Company’s 2025 Universal
Registration Document, in Chapter 3 “Corporate governance”, in
the section entitled “Remuneration of L’Air Liquide S.A. corporate
officers” in the paragraphs headed “Remuneration of Company
Officers (including information mentioned in article L. 22-10-9 I of
the French Commercial Code)” and “Remuneration of the nonExecutive Directors (including information mentioned in article
L. 22-10-9 I of the French Commercial Code)”.

AIR LIQUIDE

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Resolutions presented for the approval of the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Resolutions 12 to 14 Approval of the remuneration policy
applicable to corporate officers
Purpose
Pursuant to article L. 22-10-8 II of the French Commercial Code, you are asked to approve the remuneration policy applicable
to corporate officers.
The elements of this policy, including the remuneration policy for Executive Officers and non-executive Company Officers, their
application to each Company Officer and the policy applicable to Directors, are described in the Report on Corporate Governance in
Chapter 3 of the 2025 Universal Registration Document, in the section entitled “Remuneration policy applicable to corporate officers”.
The approval of the remuneration policy is the subject of the 12ᵗʰ resolution for the Chief Executive Officer (applicable to Mr François
Jackow), the 13ᵗʰ resolution for the Chairman of the Board of Directors (applicable to Mr Benoît Potier) and the 14ᵗʰ resolution for the
Company’s Directors.

Twelfth Resolution

Fourteenth Resolution

The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, having noted the
Board of Directors’ Report on Corporate Governance, approves,
pursuant to article L. 22-10-8 II of the French Commercial Code,
the elements of the remuneration policy for the Chief Executive
Officer as presented in the Company’s 2025 Universal
Registration Document, in Chapter 3 “Corporate governance”, in
the section entitled “Remuneration policy applicable to corporate
officers”, in the paragraph headed “Remuneration policy
applicable to Company Officers”.

The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, having noted the
Board of Directors’ Report on Corporate Governance, approves,
pursuant to article L. 22-10-8 II of the French Commercial Code,
the remuneration policy for Directors, as presented in the
Company’s 2025 Universal Registration Document, in Chapter 3
“Corporate governance”, in the section entitled “Remuneration
policy applicable to corporate officers,” in the paragraph headed
“Remuneration policy applicable to Directors”.

(Approval of the remuneration policy
applicable to the Chief Executive Officer)

(Approval of the remuneration policy
applicable to Directors)

Thirteeth Resolution

(Approval of the remuneration policy
applicable to the Chairman of the Board of Directors)
The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, having noted the
Board of Directors’ Report on Corporate Governance, approves,
pursuant to article L. 22-10-8 II of the French Commercial Code,
the remuneration policy for the Chairman of the Board of Directors
as presented in the Company’s 2025 Universal Registration
Document, in Chapter 3 “Corporate governance”, in the section
entitled “Remuneration policy applicable to corporate officers”, in
the paragraph headed “Remuneration policy applicable to
Company Officers”.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

391

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Resolutions presented for the approval of the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Extraordinary General Meeting
Resolution 15 Authorization to reduce the share capital
by cancelation of treasury shares
Purpose
In the 15ᵗʰ resolution you are asked, as every year, to authorize the Board of Directors to cancel any or all of the shares purchased in the
share buyback program and reduce share capital under certain conditions, particularly in order to offset, where necessary, any potential
dilution resulting from capital increases relating to employee shareholding transactions.
The difference between the carrying amount of the canceled shares and their nominal amount will be allocated to reserve or additional
paid-in capital accounts.
This authorization granted to the Board of Directors will be for a period of 24 months.

Fifteenth Resolution

(Authorization granted to the Board of Directors
for a period of 24 months to reduce the share capital
by cancelation of treasury shares)
The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Extraordinary General Meetings, having
noted the Board of Directors’ Report and the Statutory Auditors’
Special Report, authorizes the Board of Directors to cancel, via its
decisions alone, on one or more occasions, and within the limit of
10% of the Company’s share capital per 24-month period, any or
all of the shares bought back by the Company within the scope of
the authorization adopted by this Ordinary General Meeting in its
fourth resolution and of those shares bought back within the
scope of the authorizations adopted by the Ordinary General
Meetings of April 30, 2024 and May 6, 2025, and to reduce the
share capital by this amount.

This authorization is granted for a period of 24 months starting
from the date of this Meeting. It supersedes the authorization
granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of May 6, 2025, in
its fifteenth resolution with respect to the non-utilized portion of
such authorization.
Full powers are granted to the Board of Directors, with the
possibility of sub-delegation under the conditions set by law, to
implement this authorization, deduct the difference between the
carrying amount of the shares canceled and their nominal amount
from all reserve and additional paid-in capital accounts and to
carry out the necessary formalities to implement the reduction in
capital which shall be decided in accordance with this resolution
and amend the articles of association accordingly.

The difference between the carrying amount of the canceled
shares and their nominal amount will be allocated to any reserve
or additional paid-in capital accounts.

Resolution 16 Share capital increase through capitalization
of additional paid-in capital, reserves, profits or any other amounts
Purpose
The Combined General Meeting of April 30, 2024 authorized the Board of Directors, for a period of 26 months, to increase the share
capital, on one or more occasions, through the incorporation of additional paid-in capital, reserves, profits or other amounts, including
with a view to free shares attributions for Shareholders.
This authorization was partially used in 2024: the Company allocated one free share for 10 shares held following a capital increase by
incorporation of a sum of 296.5 million euros deducted from the “Issue premiums” item, thus creating 53,911,973 new shares (amount
including the 10% increase, i.e. one additional free share for every 100 existing shares held in registered form for more than two full
calendar years).
The aim of the 16th resolution is to renew this authorization up to a maximum of 320 million euros. As in 2024, in order to provide
Shareholders with the right to express an opinion on such a capital increase during periods of takeover bids, it is proposed that this
delegation of authority be suspended during periods of takeover bids. On the basis of this resolution, a free share attribution at the rate of
one free share for 10 shares held, as well as the application of a loyalty bonus, are planned for 2026.

392

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Resolutions presented for the approval of the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Sixteenth Resolution

(Delegation of authority granted to the Board
of Directors for a period of 26 months to increase
the share capital through the incorporation
of additional paid-in capital, reserves, profits
or any other amounts, for a maximum amount
of 320 million euros)
The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Ordinary General Meetings, having noted the
Board of Directors’ Report and pursuant to the provisions of
articles L. 225-129-2, L. 225-130 and L. 22-10-50 of the French
Commercial Code:
■ delegates to the Board of Directors, with the option of
subdelegation, the authority necessary to increase the share
capital on one or more occasions, according to the terms and
conditions and at the times it shall determine, through the
capitalization of additional paid-in capital, reserves, profits or
any other amounts that may be capitalized, the capitalization
of which will be possible under law and the articles of
association, as a free share attribution to Shareholders and/or
an increase in the par value of existing shares;
■ the delegation thereby granted to the Board of Directors is
valid for a period of 26 months starting from the date of this
General Meeting, it being specified, however, that the Board of
Directors will not be authorized to make use of it during
periods of takeover bids on the Company’s share capital;
■ decides that the total amount of share capital increases likely
to be performed thereby may not exceed 320 million euros, it
being specified that to this limit will be added the nominal
amount of shares that may be issued pursuant to applicable
legal and regulatory provisions, and, when relevant,
contractual stipulations providing for other adjustments, to

preserve the rights of holders of marketable securities or other
rights conferring access to share capital and that this limit is
distinct and independent from the limit provided for in
paragraph 2 of the sixteenth resolution passed by the
Extraordinary General Meeting of May 6, 2025 (or any
resolution that may subsequently replace it); in any event, the
total amount of share capital increases likely to be performed
in this way may not exceed the amount of additional paid-in
capital, reserve or profit accounts or any other amounts
existing at the time of the capital increase;
■ decides that, should the Board of Directors use this delegation,
pursuant to the provisions of articles L. 225-130 and
L. 22-10-50 of the French Commercial Code, fractional rights
shall not be negotiable and the corresponding securities shall
be sold; the sums resulting from such sale shall be allocated to
the holders of rights under the applicable regulatory conditions;
■ takes due note that this delegation supersedes the delegation
granted to the Board of Directors under the eighteenth
resolution of the Extraordinary General Meeting of April 30,
2024, for the unused portion of the delegation;
■ grants full powers to the Board of Directors, with the option of
sub-delegation under the conditions set by law, to implement
this delegation and in particular to set the terms of issue, to
deduct from one or more “available reserves” accounts the
costs arising from the corresponding share capital increase
and, if deemed appropriate, all sums necessary to bring the
legal reserve up to one-tenth of the new share capital after
each share issue, duly record the completion of the resulting
share capital increases, make the corresponding amendments
to the articles of association and, generally, complete all the
formalities relating to the share capital increases.

Resolutions 17 and 18 Capital increase reserved for employees
with cancelation of Shareholder preferential subscription rights
Purpose
The resolutions authorizing a capital increase reserved for employees are, as in 2025, submitted to this Meeting. The total nominal
amount of share capital increases likely to be performed under these resolutions is 22 million euros, corresponding to the issue of a
maximum of 4 million shares, i.e. 0.69% of the share capital as at December 31, 2025. This amount shall be deducted from the nominal
limit of 470 million euros, i.e. around 15% of the share capital, as stipulated in the 16ᵗʰ resolution of the General Meeting of May 6, 2025
(or any resolution that may subsequently replace it), relating to the overall limit for share capital increases likely to be performed on
delegation to the Board of Directors.
The 17ᵗʰ resolution outlines the conditions of share capital increases reserved for members of a Company or Group Savings Plan; it is
accompanied in the 18ᵗʰ resolution by a similar provision for Group employees and corporate officers based abroad who could not
benefit from the shareholding mechanism which will be established pursuant to the 17ᵗʰ resolution. The 18ᵗʰ resolution allows the Board
of Directors, if it deems it appropriate, to propose to the Group’s employees abroad, where applicable, shareholding schemes with
specific characteristics that may be distinct from the plans set up under the 17ᵗʰ resolution.
These two delegations will be valid for a period of 26 months for the 17ᵗʰ resolution and for a period of 18 months for the 18ᵗʰ resolution.
They shall result in the waiver by Shareholders of their preferential subscription rights in favor of the concerned beneficiaries.
The previous employee shareholding transaction took place in November 2025, in accordance with the authorizations given by the
20ᵗʰ and 21ˢᵗ resolutions of the General Meeting of May 6, 2025. The subscription price of the shares was 137.89 euros (and
146.50 euros in the United States) per share. 22,188 employees (and retirees) in 57 countries representing 33.45% of eligible employees
subscribed to this operation.
The Group wishes to continue increasing the involvement of employees in its development. The employee shareholding transactions
authorized by these resolutions make it possible to involve employees more closely in the Group’s development.
At the end of 2025, the share capital held by employees and former employees of the Group is estimated at 3.0%, of which 2.2%
corresponds (within the meaning of article L. 225-102 of the French Commercial Code) to shares subscribed by employees during capital
increases reserved for employees or held through dedicated mutual funds.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

393

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Resolutions presented for the approval of the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Seventeeth Resolution

(Delegation of authority granted to the Board
of Directors for a period of 26 months to perform
share capital increases, with cancelation of preferential
subscription rights, reserved for members
of a Company or Group Savings Plan)
The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Extraordinary General Meetings, having
noted the Board of Directors’ Report and the Statutory Auditors’
Special Report, deliberating pursuant to articles L. 225-129-6 and
L. 225-138-1 of the French Commercial Code and articles
L. 3331-1 et seq. of the French Labor Code:
■ delegates to the Board of Directors the authority to decide to
increase the Company’s share capital, on one or more
occasions, at the time or times and in the proportions that it
deems appropriate, via the issuance of ordinary shares of the
Company as well as other equity securities granting access to
the Company’s share capital, reserved for members of a
Company or Group Savings Plan;
■ decides that the total amount of share capital increases likely
to be performed under this resolution may not exceed a
maximum nominal amount of 22 million euros, corresponding
to the issue of a maximum of 4 million shares, it being
specified that this amount does not include additional shares to
be issued, pursuant to applicable legal and regulatory
provisions, and, when relevant, contractual stipulations
providing for other adjustments, to preserve the rights of
holders of equity securities conferring access to share capital
and that the total amount of capital increases to be performed
under this resolution and the 18ᵗʰ resolution may not exceed
the aforementioned nominal amount of 22 million euros;
■ decides that the maximum nominal amount of share capital
increases to be performed on the basis of this delegation shall
be deducted from the overall limit stipulated in paragraph 2 of
the sixteenth resolution of the Extraordinary General Meeting
of May 6, 2025 (or any resolution that may subsequently
replace it);
■ decides that the beneficiaries of these capital increases will be,
directly or through an intermediary of a Company mutual fund
(FCPE) or all other structures or entities permitted by
applicable legal or regulatory provisions, the members, within
the Company and the French or foreign companies affiliated to
it within the meaning of article L. 225-180 of the French
Commercial Code and article L. 3344-1 of the French Labor
Code, of a Company or Group Savings Plan;
■ decides to cancel the preferential subscription rights of
Shareholders to the new shares or other equity securities, and
equity securities to which the latter would confer entitlement,
which shall be issued in favor of the aforementioned members
of a Company or Group Savings Plan in accordance with
this resolution;

■ decides that the subscription price may not exceed the
average, pursuant to the provisions of article L. 3332-19 of the
French Labor Code, of the opening trading prices for the
Company’s share during the 20 trading days preceding the
date of the decision setting the opening date for the
subscription period, or be more than 20% lower than such
average, bearing in mind that the General Meeting officially
authorizes the Board of Directors, if deemed appropriate, to
reduce or cancel the aforementioned discount, in view of
especially the legal, regulatory and tax constraints under the
applicable foreign law, where applicable;
■ decides, in accordance with article L. 3332-21 of the French
Labor Code, that the Board of Directors may provide for the
free share attribution, to the aforementioned beneficiaries, of
shares to be issued or already issued or other equity securities
or securities granting access to the Company’s capital to be
issued or already issued, in respect of (i) the contribution that
could be paid in accordance with the regulations governing
Company or Group Saving Plans, and/or (ii) where
appropriate, the discount;
■ also decides that, should the beneficiaries not subscribe to the
entire capital increase within the allotted deadlines, the capital
increase would only be performed for the amount of the shares
subscribed, and that the non-subscribed shares may be
offered again to the beneficiaries concerned within the scope
of a subsequent capital increase;
■ grants full powers to the Board of Directors with the option of
sub-delegation under the conditions set by law, to determine,
within the limits described above, the various terms and
conditions of the transaction and particularly:
– define the criteria which the companies must meet in order
for their employees to be entitled to benefit from the capital
increases,
– determine the list of these companies,
– set the terms and conditions of the share issue, the
characteristics of the shares, and, where appropriate, the
other equity securities, determine the subscription price
calculated based on the method defined above, set the
terms and conditions and deadline for fully paying up the
subscribed shares; deduct from the “additional paid-in
capital” account all costs relating to these capital increases
and, if deemed appropriate, all sums necessary to bring the
legal reserve up to one tenth of the new share capital after
each share issue; and generally complete, directly or
through an authorized representative, all the transactions
and formalities relating to the share capital increases
performed under this resolution and, where appropriate,
especially take any measures with a view to listing the
shares issued pursuant to this resolution for trading on the
Euronext Paris regulated exchange,
– set the opening and closing dates for the subscription
period, record the completion of the corresponding capital
increase and amend the articles of association accordingly;
■ decides that this delegation of authority granted to the Board of
Directors is valid for a period of 26 months starting from the
date of this General Meeting.

394

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Resolutions presented for the approval of the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Eighteenth Resolution

(Delegation of authority granted to the Board
of Directors for a period of 18 months to perform
share capital increases, with cancelation of preferential
subscription rights, reserved for a category
of beneficiaries)
The General Meeting, deliberating according to the quorum and
majority required for Extraordinary General Meetings, having noted
the Board of Directors’ Report and the Statutory Auditors’ Special
Report, pursuant to the provisions of articles L. 225-129 to
L. 225-129-2 and article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code:
■ delegates to the Board of Directors the authority to decide to
increase the Company’s share capital, on one or more
occasions, at the time or times and in the proportions it shall
deem fit, via the issuance of ordinary shares of the Company
as well as any other equity securities conferring entitlement to
the Company’s share capital, reserved for the category of
beneficiaries defined hereafter;
■ decides that the total amount of share capital increases likely
to be performed under this resolution may not exceed a
maximum nominal amount of 22 million euros, corresponding
to the issue of a maximum of 4 million shares, it being
specified that this amount does not include additional shares to
be issued, pursuant to applicable legal and regulatory
provisions, and, when relevant, contractual stipulations
providing for other adjustments, to preserve the rights of
holders of equity securities conferring access to share capital
and that the total amount of capital increases to be performed
under this resolution and the 17ᵗʰ resolution may not exceed
the aforementioned nominal amount of 22 million euros;
■ decides that the maximum nominal amount of share capital
increases to be performed on the basis of this delegation shall
be deducted from the overall limit stipulated in paragraph 2 of
the sixteenth resolution of the Extraordinary General Meeting
of May 6, 2025 (or any resolution that may subsequently
replace it);
■ decides to cancel the Shareholders’ preferential subscription
rights to the shares or other equity securities, and to the equity
securities to which these equity securities may give entitlement,
that may be issued pursuant to this resolution and to reserve the
right to subscribe to them for the category of beneficiaries
meeting the following characteristics: (i) employees and
corporate officers of companies related to the Company under
the conditions of article L. 225-180 of the French Commercial
Code and article L. 3341-1 of the French Labor Code and
having their registered office outside France and/or (ii) any
financial institution or subsidiary of such an institution mandated
by the Company and which may subscribe for shares or other
equity securities issued by the Company pursuant to this
resolution, for the sole purpose of allowing employees and
corporate officers of foreign companies related to the Company
within the meaning of articles L. 225-180 of the French
Commercial Code and L. 3344-1 of the French Labor Code to
benefit from a shareholding or investment scheme with an
economic profile comparable to an employee shareholding
scheme that may be set up as part of a capital increase carried
out pursuant to the 17ᵗʰ resolution submitted to the vote of this
General Meeting, taking into account the regulatory and tax and/

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

or social framework applicable in the countries of residence of
the employees and corporate officers of the aforementioned
foreign companies and/or (iii) pooled-investment funds
(OPCVM) or other employee shareholding entities, whether or
not a legal entity, invested in Company shares whose unit
holders or shareholders are made up of the persons mentioned
in (i) or allowing these persons to benefit, directly or indirectly,
from a system of shareholding or savings in Company shares;
■ decides that the unit issue price of the shares to be issued
pursuant to this resolution will be set by the Board of Directors
(i) on the basis of the Company’s share price; this issue price
will be equal to the average of the opening listed prices of the
Company’s shares during the 20 trading sessions preceding
the day of the Board of Directors’ decision setting the opening
date of the subscription to a capital increase carried out on the
basis of the 17ᵗʰ resolution, with the ability to reduce this
average by a maximum discount of 20%; the amount of any
such discount will be determined by the Board of Directors
within the aforementioned limit, and/or (ii) at the same price
decided on the basis of the 17ᵗʰ resolution in the event of a
concomitant transaction and/or (iii) in accordance with the
terms for setting the subscription price for Company shares,
taking into account the specific regime of an offer of Company
shares that may be made as part of a shareholding scheme
governed by foreign law, in particular under a Share Incentive
Plan in the United Kingdom or a plan established pursuant to
sections 401 (k) or 423 of the United States Tax Code;
■ decides that the Board of Directors shall have full powers,
under the terms and conditions set forth by law and within the
limits defined above, with the option of sub-delegation, so as to
implement this delegation and particularly in order to:
– set the date and price for the issue of shares or other
equity securities to be issued in accordance with this
resolution as well as the other terms and conditions
governing the issue,
– determine the beneficiary (or list of beneficiaries) for the
cancelation of the preferential subscription rights within the
above-defined category, as well as the number of shares to
be subscribed by such beneficiary (or each beneficiary),
– where appropriate, determine the characteristics of the other
equity securities granting access to the Company’s share
capital under the applicable legal and regulatory conditions,
– record the completion of the share capital increase,
complete, directly or through an authorized representative,
all the transactions and formalities involving the share
capital increases and, on its sole decision and if it deems
appropriate, deduct the share capital increase costs from
the amount of additional paid-in capital relating to such
increases, amend the articles of association accordingly
and perform all the necessary formalities and, where
appropriate, take any measures with a view to listing the
shares issued pursuant to this resolution for trading on the
Euronext Paris regulated exchange;
■ decides that this delegation of authority granted to the Board of
Directors is valid for a period of 18 months starting from the
date of this General Meeting.

AIR LIQUIDE

395

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Resolutions presented for the approval of the Combined General Meeting – May 5, 2026

Ordinary General Meeting
Resolution 19 Powers
Purpose
The 19ᵗʰ resolution is a standard resolution required for the completion of official publications and legal formalities.

Nineteenth Resolution
(Powers for formalities)

Full powers are granted to a holder of a copy or extract of the minutes of this General Meeting to perform all official publications and other
formalities required by law and the regulations.

396

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Statutory Auditors’ reports

STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORTS
Statutory Auditors' Special Report
on related party agreements
This is an unofficial translation into English of the Statutory Auditors’ Special Report on related-party agreements that is issued in French
and provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking readers. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in
accordance with, French law and professional standards applicable in France.
It should be understood that the agreements reported on are only those provided for by the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)
and that the report does not apply to those related-party transactions described in IAS24 or other equivalent accounting standards.
To the Shareholders,
In our capacity as Statutory Auditors of your Company, we hereby report on the agreements with related parties. We are required to
inform you, based on the information provided to us, of the characteristics and principal terms and conditions as well as the reasons
justifying the interest for your Company of those agreements of which we have been informed or which we discovered at the time of our
engagement, without expressing an opinion on their usefulness and appropriateness or seeking to identify other agreements. It is your
responsibility, pursuant to article R. 225-31 of the French Commercial Code, to assess the benefits resulting from the conclusion of these
agreements prior to their approval.
Furthermore, we are required, where applicable, to inform you in accordance with article R. 225-31 of the French Commercial Code,
relating to the performance, during the past financial year, of the agreements already approved by the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.
We performed those procedures which we considered necessary to comply with professional guidance issued by the national auditing
body (Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux comptes) relating to this type of engagement.

AGREEMENTS SUBMITTED FOR APPROVAL BY THE GENERAL MEETING
Agreements authorized and executed during the past financial year
We hereby inform you that we have not been advised of any agreements authorized in the course of the year to be submitted to the
General Meeting of Shareholders for approval in accordance with article L. 225-38 of the French Commercial Code.

AGREEMENTS ALREADY APPROVED BY THE GENERAL MEETING
We hereby inform you that we have not been advised of any agreements previously approved by the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that
remained in force during the past financial year.
Neuilly-sur-Seine and Paris-La Défense, March 5, 2026
The Statutory Auditors
French original signed by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit
Olivier Lotz

Cédric Le Gal

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

KPMG S.A.
Valérie Besson

Laurent Genin

AIR LIQUIDE

397

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Statutory Auditors’ reports

Statutory Auditors' Report on the share capital reduction
(Combined General Meeting of May 5, 2026 – 15th resolution)

This is a free translation into English of the Statutory Auditors’ report issued in French and is provided solely for the convenience of
English-speaking readers. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional
standards applicable in France.
To the Shareholders,
In our capacity as Statutory Auditors of your Company and pursuant to the provisions of article L. 22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code
(Code de commerce) relating to share capital reductions, in particular as regards the cancelation of shares bought back by the company,
we hereby report to you on our assessment of the reasons for and the terms and conditions of the proposed share capital reductions.
The Shareholders are asked to delegate to the Board of Directors full powers to cancel, any or all of the shares bought back by the
company under the share buyback program, within the limit of 10% of the capital as of the date of the cancellation, per twenty-four-month
period. These powers would be exercisable for a period of twenty-four months from the Shareholders’ Meeting, in accordance with article
L. 22-10-62 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).
We performed the procedures that we deemed necessary in accordance with professional standards applicable in France to such
engagements. These procedures consisted in ensuring that the reasons for and the terms and conditions of the proposed capital
reductions, which are not considered to affect shareholder equality, comply with the applicable legal provisions.
We have no matters to report on the reasons for or terms and conditions of the proposed capital decrease.

Neuilly-sur-Seine and Paris-La Défense, March 5, 2026
The Statutory Auditors
French original signed by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit
Olivier Lotz

398

Cédric Le Gal

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

KPMG S.A.
Valérie Besson

Laurent Genin

AIR LIQUIDE

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Statutory Auditors’ reports

Statutory Auditors' Report on the issue of ordinary shares
and/or other equity securities reserved for employees
participating in a Company or Group savings plan
(Combined General Meeting of May 5, 2026 – 17th resolution)

This is an unofficial translation into English of the Statutory Auditors’ Report on the Issue of ordinary shares and/or other equity securities
reserved for employees participating in a Company or Group savings plan that is issued in French and provided solely for the
convenience of English-speaking readers. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law
and professional standards applicable in France.
To the Shareholders,
In our capacity as Statutory Auditors of your Company and in compliance with articles L. 228-92 and L. 225-135 et seq. of the French
Commercial Code, we hereby report to you on the proposed delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to decide on one or more
occasions the issuance of ordinary shares and other equity securities giving access to the Company’s capital, without preferential
subscription rights, reserved for employees of the Company and affiliated companies, both French and foreign, within the meaning of
articles L. 225-180 of the French Commercial Code and L. 3344-1 of the French Labor Code, who participate in a Company or Group
savings plan, an operation upon which you are called to vote.
The maximum nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out under this authorization shall not exceed 22 million euros
(corresponding to a maximum issuance of 4 million shares), it being specified that:
■ the total amount of capital increases that may be carried out pursuant to the seventeenth and eighteenth resolutions of this Combined
General Meeting shall not exceed the aforementioned nominal amount of 22 million euros;
■ the maximum nominal amount of capital increases that may be carried out pursuant to the seventeenth and eighteenth resolutions
shall be deducted from the overall limit of 470 million euros, as set forth in the sixteenth resolution of the Combined General Meeting
of May 6, 2025 (or any resolution that may subsequently replace it).
This authorization is submitted for your approval in accordance with the provisions of articles L. 225-129-6 of the French Commercial
Code and L. 3332-18 et seq. of the French Labor Code.
Your Board of Directors proposes, on the basis of its report, that Shareholders delegate to it, for a period of twenty-six months, the authority
to decide on one or more capital increases and to cancel Shareholders’ preferential subscription rights to ordinary shares and/or equity
securities to be issued. Where applicable, the Board of Directors shall determine the final terms and conditions of any such issuance.
It is the responsibility of the Board of Directors to prepare a report in accordance with articles R. 225-113 et seq. of the French
Commercial Code. Our role is to provide an opinion on the accuracy of the financial information taken from the financial statements, on
the proposal to cancel shareholders’ preferential subscription rights, and on certain other information relating to the issuance as set out in
this report.
We have performed the procedures we deemed necessary in accordance with the professional standards of the National Company of
Statutory Auditors applicable to this type of engagement. These procedures consisted in verifying the information provided in the Board of
Directors’ Report pertaining to the transaction and the methods used to set the issue price of the shares to be issued.
Subject to a subsequent examination of the final terms and conditions of the issuance, we have no observations to make on the methods
for determining the issuance price of the securities as set out in the Board of Directors’ report.
Since the final terms and conditions of the issuance have not been determined, we do not express an opinion on these and,
consequently, on the proposed cancellation of shareholders’ preferential subscription rights.
In accordance with article R. 225-116 of the French Commercial Code, we will prepare an additional report, if necessary, upon the use of
this delegation by the Board of Directors.

Neuilly-sur-Seine and Paris-La Défense, March 5, 2026
The Statutory Auditors
French original signed by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit
Olivier Lotz

Cédric Le Gal

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

KPMG S.A.
Valérie Besson

Laurent Genin

AIR LIQUIDE

399

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2026

CONTENT

Statutory Auditors’ reports

Statutory Auditors' Report on the issue of ordinary shares
and other equity securities giving rights to the share capital
reserved for a category of beneficiaries
(Combined General Meeting of May 5, 2026 – 18th resolution)

This is a free translation into English of the Statutory Auditors’ report on the issue of ordinary shares and other equity securities giving
rights to the share capital reserved for a category of beneficiaries that is issued in French and is provided solely for the convenience of
English-speaking readers. This report should be read in conjunction with, and construed in accordance with, French law and professional
standards applicable in France.
To the Shareholders,
In our capacity as Statutory Auditors of your Company and in compliance with articles L. 228-92 and L. 225-135 et seq. of the French
Commercial Code, we hereby report to you on the proposed delegation of authority to the Board of Directors to decide, on one or more
occasions, the issue of ordinary shares and other equity securities giving rights to the Company’s share capital, without preferential
subscription rights, reserved for the category of beneficiaries defined below, an operation upon which you are called to vote.
This capital increase is reserved for (i) employees and corporate officers of the Company’s affiliates within the meaning of article
L. 225-180 of the French Commercial Code and article L. 3341-1 of the French Labor Code, whose registered office is outside France,
and/or (ii) Any financial institution or subsidiary of such an institution appointed by the Company that subscribes to shares or other equity
securities issued by the Company under this resolution, with the sole aim of enabling employees and corporate officers of foreign
affiliates of the Company, as defined by articles L. 225-180 of the French Commercial Code and L. 3344-1 of the French Labor Code, to
benefit from a shareholding or investment plan with an economic profile comparable to an employee shareholding plan that would be
implemented as part of a capital increase carried out under the seventeenth resolution, considering the regulatory, tax, and/or social
framework applicable in the country of residence of the employees and Executive Officers of the aforementioned foreign companies, and/
or (iii) employee shareholding mutual funds (OPCVM) or other entities, whether legally incorporated or not, investing in the Company’s
securities, whose unit holders or shareholders will be composed of the persons mentioned in point (i) or who enable these persons to
benefit, directly or indirectly, from an employee shareholding or savings plan involving the Company’s securities.
The maximum nominal amount of share capital increases likely to be performed under this resolution may not exceed 22 million euros
(corresponding to the issue of a maximum of 4 million shares), it being specified that:
■ the total amount of share capital increases that may be carried out pursuant to the seventeenth and eighteenth resolutions of this
Combined General Meeting of May 5, 2026 shall not exceed the aforementioned nominal amount of 22 million euros;
■ the maximum nominal amount of share capital increases that may be carried out pursuant to the seventeenth and eighteenth
resolutions shall be deducted from the overall limit of 470 million euros, as set forth in the sixteenth resolution of the Combined
General Meeting of May 6, 2025 (or any resolution that may subsequently replace it).
Your Board of Directors proposes, on the basis of its report, that Shareholders delegate to it, for a period of eighteen months, the
authority to decide on one or more issuances and to cancel your preferential subscription rights to ordinary shares and/or other equity
securities granting access to the Company’s share capital. Where applicable, the Board of Directors shall determine the final terms and
conditions of any such issuance.
It is the responsibility of the Board of Directors to prepare a report in accordance with articles R. 225-113 et seq. of the French
Commercial Code. Our role is to provide an opinion on the accuracy of the financial information taken from the financial statements, on
the proposal to cancel shareholders’ preferential subscription rights, and on certain other information relating to the issuance as set out in
this report.
We have performed the procedures we deemed necessary in accordance with the professional standards of the National Company of
Statutory Auditors applicable to this type of engagement. These procedures consisted in verifying the information provided in the Board of
Directors’ Report pertaining to the transaction and the methods used to set the issue price of the shares to be issued.
Subject to a subsequent examination of the final terms and conditions of the issuance, we have no observations to make on the methods
for determining the issuance price of the securities as set out in the Board of Directors’ report.
Since the final terms and conditions of the issuance have not been determined, we do not express an opinion on these and,
consequently, on the proposed cancellation of shareholders’ preferential subscription rights.
In accordance with article R. 225-116 of the French Commercial Code, we will prepare an additional report, if necessary, upon the use of
this delegation by the Board of Directors.

Neuilly-sur-Seine and Paris-La Défense, March 5, 2026
The Statutory Auditors
French original signed by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit
Olivier Lotz

400

Cédric Le Gal

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

KPMG S.A.
Valérie Besson

Laurent Genin

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

7

Additional
information

SHARE CAPITAL

402

Trends in share capital over the past three years

402

PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE
UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

414

403

Person responsible for the Universal
Registration Document

414

Certification by the person responsible
for the Universal Registration Document

414

CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE FOR THE
UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

415

CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE
FOR THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

418

CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE
FOR THE MANAGEMENT REPORT

419

GLOSSARY

422

Financial glossary
Technical glossary

422
425

Changes in share capital ownership
over the last three years
Share capital and voting rights
for the last three years
Amount of share capital held by employees

403
403

Delegations of authority granted at the General
Meeting

404

GENERAL INFORMATION

405

General information
Articles of association
Dividends
Documents accessible to the public
Incorporation by reference

405
405
412
412
412

INFORMATION RELATING
TO PAYMENT DEADLINES
FOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

413

AIR LIQUIDE

401

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Share capital

SHARE CAPITAL
1. Trends in share capital over the past three years
Issue date

Type of
transaction

Number of
shares
issued

Aggregate
number of
shares

Share capital
increase

Issue premiums
and reserves

Share capital

(in euros, except for shares)

Exercise of share
subscription
options
Cancellation
of shares

172,840

523,450,271

950,620.00

10,765,197.61

2,878,976,490.50

(120,000)

523,330,271

(660,000.00)

(17,452,284.00)

2,878,316,490.50

September 29, 2023

Exercise of share
subscription
options

364,079

523,694,350

2,002,434.50

23,107,163.97

2,880,318,925.00

December 7, 2023

Share capital
reserved for
employees

746,401

524,440,751

4,105,205.50

90,866,958.43

2,884,424,130.50

February 15, 2023
September 29, 2023

Exercise of share
subscription
options
Cancellation
of shares

76,027

524,516,778

418,148.50

4,962,157.69

2,884,842,279.00

(627,000)

523,889,778

(3,448,500.00)

(114,742,943.70)

2,881,393,779.00

June 3, 2024

Exercise of share
subscription
options

301,422

524,191,200

1,657,821.00

19,737,870.65

2,883,051,600.00

June 3, 2024

Free share
attribution
(1 for 10)

52,419,120

576,610,320

288,305,160.00

(288,305,160.00)

3,171,356,760.00

June 3, 2024

Free share
attribution
(1 for 100)

1,492,853

578,103,173

8,210,691.50

(8,210,691.50)

3,179,567,451.50

February 20, 2025

Exercise of share
subscription
options

156,090

578,259,263

858,495.00

9,403,096.38

3,180,425,946.50

September 30, 2025

Exercise of share
subscription
options

242,461

578,501,724

1,333,535.50

15,431,850.54

3,181,759,482.00

December 9, 2025

Share capital
reserved for
employees

848,773

579,350,497

4,668,251.50

112,911,091.41

3,186,427,733.50

February 19, 2024
April 30, 2024

Note: Between September 1 and December 31, 2025, 33,926 options were exercised, giving rise to an outstanding capital as at December 31, 2025
of 3,186,614,326.50 euros divided up into 579,384,423 shares.

402

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Share capital

2. Changes in share capital ownership
over the last three years
2023

2024

2025

Individual shareholders

34%

33%

33%

French institutional investors

13%

14%

13%

Foreign institutional investors

53%

53%

54%

Treasury shares

>0%

>0%

>0%

THRESHOLD NOTIFICATIONS
During fiscal years ending December 31, 2023, December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025, no threshold notifications have been declared.
On September 29, 2020, BlackRock declared that it had surpassed the threshold upward. With 23,784,446 shares, this company held
5.02% of the shares and the associated voting rights.
To the Company’s knowledge, there is no other Shareholder that holds either directly or indirectly, alone or jointly, more than 5% of the
capital or voting rights.

3. Share capital and voting rights for the last three years
Number of shares
comprising share capital

Theoretical number of voting rights
(including treasury shares)

Actual number of voting rights
(excluding treasury shares)

2023

524,516,778

524,516,778

522,224,620

2024

578,259,263

578,259,263

576,444,587

2025

579,384,423

579,384,423

577,941,183

There are no double voting rights. To the best of the Company’s knowledge, there are no Shareholders’ agreements or joint or concerted
action agreements. The portion of the L’Air Liquide S.A. share capital comprising the direct registered shares owned by the main
Shareholders and pledged is not material.

4. Amount of share capital held by employees
Since 1986, L’Air Liquide S.A. has given the employees of certain Group companies the possibility to subscribe to capital increases
reserved for them. At the end of 2025, the share of capital held by employees and former employees of the Group is estimated at 3.0%,
of which 2.2% (within the meaning of article L. 225-102 of the French Commercial Code), namely 12,500,280 shares, corresponds to
shares subscribed by employees during employee reserved capital increase operations or held through mutual funds.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

403

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Share capital

5. Delegations of authority granted at the General Meeting
Nature of the delegation

Validity of the delegation

Authorized amount

Utilization in 2025

Share buyback

Granted by:
GM of May 6, 2025 (4th)*

10% of share capital,
representing 57,825,926
shares, for a maximum
amount
17,347,777,800.00 euros

Treasury shares
As of December 31, 2025, the Company
owned 1,103,995 shares at an average
purchase price of 153.83 euros, i.e. a
balance sheet value of 169,831,531 euros.

For a period of:
18 months
Maximum price: 300 euros

Liquidity contract changes
Under the liquidity contract, as of
December 31, 2025 a total of 50,050 shares
were on the balance sheet for a net value
of 8,043,273 euros.
For more details, see pages 380 and 381
of the Universal Registration Document.

Cancelation of shares

Granted by:
GM of April 30, 2024 (17th)

10% of share capital

None

None

For a period of:
24 months
Granted by:
GM of May 6, 2025 (15th)*
For a period of:
24 months
Increase in share capital
via the issuance of shares
or marketable securities,
with retention of
shareholders’ preferential
subscription rights

Granted by:
GM of May 6, 2025 (16th)

470 million euros nominal
amount (overall limit)

For a period of:
26 months

Maximum nominal amount
of marketable securities:
3 billion euros

Capital increase via
capitalization of reserves

For a maximum nominal
Granted by:
GM of April 30, 2024 (18th)* amount of 320 million euros

Amounts may be increased
by a maximum of 15%, in
the event of oversubscription
(17th resolution GM
of May 6, 2025)
None

For a period of:
26 months
Share capital increase
reserved for employees:

Granted by:
GM of May 6, 2025 (20th)*

■ as part of a Group
savings plan

For a period of:
26 months

■ as part of
a comparable
scheme abroad

Granted by:
GM of May 6, 2025 (21st)*

Stock options

Performance shares

*

404

22 million euros nominal
value and 4 million shares.
To be deducted from the
aforementioned overall limit
of 470 million euros
(16th resolution GM
of May 6, 2025)

848,773 shares issued at nominal value
of 5.50 euros as part of the employee share
ownership transaction, on December 9, 2025.

Granted by:
GM of May 6, 2025 (18th)

2% of the capital on the day
the options were granted

None

For a period of:
38 months

0.2% of the capital on the
date the options were
granted to the Executive
Officers

Granted by:
GM of May 6, 2025 (19th)

0.5% of the capital on the
day the shares were granted

For a period of:
38 months

0.1% of the capital on
the date the shares were
granted to the Executive
Officers

For a period of:
18 months

324,947 performance shares were granted
by the Board on September 30, 2025.

Renewal to be proposed to the Combined General Meeting on May 5, 2026.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

General information

GENERAL INFORMATION
1. General information
Law applicable to L’Air Liquide S.A.
French law.
Incorporation and expiration dates
The Company was incorporated on November 8, 1902, for a set
term expiring on May 4, 2119.
Business and Company register
552 096 281 RCS Paris
APE code: 7112B
LEI: 969500MMPQVHK671GT54

Fiscal year
The Company’s fiscal year starts on January 1, and ends on
December 31 of the same year.
Address, phone number of the Head Office and website
75, quai d’Orsay, 75007 Paris
+33 (0)1 40 62 55 55
https://www.airliquide.com
The information on the website is not included in the Universal
Registration Document unless it is incorporated by reference.

Consulting legal documents
The articles of association, Minutes of General Meetings and other
Company documents may be consulted at Company head office.

2. Articles of association
Section I
NAME – PURPOSE – HEAD OFFICE – TERM
Article 1: Form and name
The Company is a joint stock company, with a Board of Directors.
This Company will be governed by the laws and regulations in
force and these articles of association.
The Company’s name is “L’Air Liquide, société anonyme pour
l’Étude et l’Exploitation des procédés Georges Claude”.

Article 2: Purpose
The Company’s corporate purpose includes:
■ the study, exploitation, sale of the patents or inventions of
Messrs Georges and Eugène Claude pertaining to the
liquefaction of gases, the industrial production of refrigeration,
liquid air and oxygen, and the applications or utilizations
thereof;
■ the industrial production of refrigeration, of liquid air, the
applications or uses thereof, the production and liquefaction of
gases, and in particular oxygen, nitrogen, helium and
hydrogen, the applications and uses thereof in all forms, pure,
in blends and combinations, without any distinction as to state
or origin, in all areas of application of their physical,
thermodynamic, chemical, thermochemical and biological
properties, and, in particular, in the domains of propulsion, the
sea, health, agri-business and pollution;
■ the purchase, manufacturing, sale, use of all products
pertaining directly or indirectly to the aforementioned corporate
purpose, as well as all sub-products resulting from their
manufacturing or their use, of all machines or devices used for
the utilization or application thereof and, more specifically, the
purchase, manufacturing, sale, use of all products, metals or
alloys, derived or resulting from a use of oxygen, nitrogen and
hydrogen, pure, blended or combined, in particular of all
oxygenated or nitrogenous products;

■ the exploitation, directly or through the incorporation of
companies, of all elements connected, directly or indirectly,
with the Company’s purpose or likely to contribute to the
development of its industry;
■ the supply of all services, or the supply of all products likely to
develop its clientele in the industry or health sectors.
The Company may request or acquire all franchises, perform all
constructions, acquire or lease all quarries, mines and all real
property, and take over all operations connected with its corporate
purpose, sell or lease these franchises, merge or create
partnerships with other companies by acquiring Company shares
or rights, through advances or in any appropriate manner. It may
undertake these operations either alone or jointly.
Lastly, and more generally, it may carry out all industrial,
commercial, real estate, personal or financial operations
pertaining directly or indirectly to the corporate purposes specified
above.

Article 3: Head office
The Company’s head office is located at 75, quai d’Orsay, Paris.
It may be transferred upon a Board of Directors’ decision to any
other location in Paris or a neighboring department, subject to the
ratification of such decision by the next Ordinary General Meeting,
and anywhere else by virtue of a decision by an Extraordinary
General Meeting.

Article 4: Term
The Company’s term, initially fixed at 99 years beginning on
February 18, 1929, has been extended as of the Extraordinary
General Meeting of May 5, 2020 for a period of 99 years, i.e. until
May 4, 2119, except in the event of early dissolution or extension.

■ the study, acquisition, direct or indirect exploitation or sale of
all patents, inventions or methods pertaining to the same
corporate purposes;

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

405

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

General information

Section II
SHARE CAPITAL – SHARES – IDENTIFICATION OF SHAREHOLDERS
Article 5: Share capital
The share capital has been set at 3,186,108,326.50 euros divided into
579,292,423 fully paid-up shares of a par value of 5.50 euros each.
Share capital is increased under the conditions stipulated by law
either by issuing ordinary or preferred shares, or by raising the par
value of existing shares. It may also be increased by exercising
the rights attached to marketable securities granting access to
share capital, under the conditions stipulated by law.
In accordance with prevailing legal provisions, unless otherwise
decided by the General Meeting, the shareholders have, in
proportion to the amount of shares they own, a preferential
subscription right to the shares issued in cash in order to increase
share capital.
The share capital may also be reduced under the conditions
stipulated by law, in particular, by reducing the par value of the
shares, or by reimbursing or redeeming shares on the stock
exchange and by canceling shares, or by exchanging existing
shares for new shares, in an equivalent or lesser number, with or
without the same par value, and with or without a cash balance to
be paid or received. The General Meeting may always compel the
shareholders to sell or purchase existing shares to permit the
exchange of existing shares for new shares, with or without a
cash balance to be paid or received, even if such reduction is not
a result of losses.

Article 6: Shares
If the new shares are not fully paid up upon issuance, calls for
payment shall be performed, on dates set by the Board of
Directors, by means of announcements posted one month in
advance in one of the Paris official legal publications chosen for
the legal publication of the Company’s deeds.
Shares not fully paid up shall be held as registered shares until
they are fully paid up.
Each payment on any subscribed shares will be registered in an
account opened in the name of the subscriber.
All late payments shall automatically bear interest, for the benefit of
the Company, as of the due date, without any formal notice or legal
action, at the legal interest rate, subject to any personal action that
the Company may take against any defaulting shareholder and the
compulsory execution measures provided by law.

Article 7: Type of shares
Paid-up shares are registered as registered shares or bearer
shares depending on the choice of the shareholder.
The provisions of the aforementioned paragraph also apply to
other securities of any nature issued by the Company.

Article 8: Rights and obligations
governing shares
Shareholders shall not be liable above the amount of their
subscription.
Share ownership automatically binds shareholders to the articles
of association and the decisions of the General Meetings.
Subject to legal and regulatory restrictions, voting rights attached to
the shares are proportionate to the capital quota they represent and
each share confers the right to one vote. In accordance with the

406

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

option provided for in article L. 22-10-46 of the French Commercial
Code, double voting rights will not be conferred to paid-up shares
and shares for which a nominative registration for at least two years
in the name of the same shareholder can be proved.
Any share grants entitlement, during the Company’s term, as in
the event of liquidation, to the payment of an identical net amount
for any distribution or redemption.
Shares are freely transferable under the conditions provided by law.

Article 9: Identification of shareholders
The Company may avail itself at any time of the legal and statutory
provisions in force permitting the identification of the owners of
shares conferring immediately or in the future the right to vote in
General Meetings, as well as the number of shares they own.
In addition to the legal obligations to notify the Company, any
person, acting alone or jointly, coming in direct or indirect
possession of a fraction of the Company’s capital or voting rights
equal to or greater than 2%, or a multiple of 2% of capital or
voting rights (including above the 5% threshold), is required to
inform the Company within fifteen days as of the date on which
the threshold is exceeded and, as the case may be,
independently of the effective transfer date of share ownership.
The person shall state the number of shares and marketable
securities granting entitlement to capital that he or she owns on
the date of notification. Any decrease below the 2% threshold or a
multiple of 2% of capital or voting rights shall be notified in the
same manner.
To determine share capital and voting rights thresholds, the
crossing of which must be declared under the previous paragraph,
assimilation rules set out in article L. 233-9 of the French
Commercial Code are applied.
In the event of a failure to meet this additional notification
obligation, one or several shareholders, owning a fraction of the
Company’s capital or voting rights amounting to at least 2%, may,
at a General Meeting, request that the shares exceeding the
fraction which should have been reported, be stripped of their
voting rights for any General Meeting held until the end of a twoyear period following the date on which the notice is rectified. The
request is recorded in the Minutes of the General Meeting.

Article 10: Co-ownership and usufruct
As all shares are indivisible from the point of view of the
Company, all joint owners of shares are required to be
represented vis-à-vis the Company by a single owner selected
from among them or a proxy under the conditions provided by law.
The voting right attached to the share is exercised by the
beneficial owner at both Ordinary and Extraordinary General
Meetings. However, the bare-owner shall be entitled to attend all
General Meetings. He or she may also represent the beneficial
owner at General Meetings.
The heirs, creditors, trustees or successors of a shareholder may
not, on any grounds whatsoever, call for the affixing of seals on
the Company’s assets and securities, request the distribution
thereof, or interfere in any manner whatsoever in its
administration.
In order to exercise their rights, they must consult the Company’s
records and decisions of the General Meetings.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
General information

Section III
MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY
Article 11: Composition of the Board
of Directors
The Company is managed by a Board of Directors, comprising a
minimum of three members and a maximum of 14 members
(unless temporarily waived in the event of a merger), physical
persons or legal entities.
The members of the Board of Directors are appointed by the
Ordinary General Meeting for a term of four years expiring at the
close of the General Meeting held to approve the Financial
Statements for the previous year and which is held in the year
during which the mandate expires. As an exception to this rule,
the members of the first Board of Directors who exercised
functions as members of the Supervisory Board in the Company
under its former mode of administration shall be appointed for a
period equal to the remaining term of their mandate as members
of the Supervisory Board.
The members of the Board of Directors may be re-elected.
Each Director must own at least 500 registered shares in the
Company during the term of his functions. If, on the date of his
appointment, a Director does not own the required number of
shares or if, during his term, he ceases to own them, he is
deemed to have resigned with immediate effect if he has not
rectified the situation within the time limit stipulated in the
regulations in force.
In the event of a vacancy of one or more seats due to death or
resignation, the Board of Directors may, between two General
Meetings,
make
temporary
appointments.
Provisional
appointments made by the Board of Directors are subject to the
approval of the next Ordinary General Meeting. If the number of
Directors falls below the legal minimum, the remaining Directors
must immediately convene an Ordinary General Meeting in order
to make up the numbers of the Board.
No individual over the age of 72 shall be appointed as a member
of the Board of Directors if his appointment increases the number
of the members of the Board of Directors who have passed this
age to over one third. If during their term, the number of the
members of the Board of Directors who have passed 72 years of
age exceeds one third of the Board’s members, the oldest
member of the Board of Directors who has not carried out
management functions in the Company is deemed to have
resigned at the end of the Annual General Meeting held following
the occurrence of this event.
During the Company’s term, Directors are appointed and their
mandates renewed under the conditions provided by law.
They may be dismissed by the Ordinary General Meeting at any time.

Director(s) representing employees
In accordance with statutory requirements, if the number of
members of the Board of Directors, calculated in accordance with
article L. 225-27-1-II of the French Commercial Code, is less than
or equal to eight, the Group Committee in France shall proceed to
appoint a Director representing employees.
If the number of members of the Board of Directors, calculated in
accordance with article L. 225-27-1-II of the French Commercial
Code, is more than eight, and provided this criterion is still fulfilled
on the date of the appointment, a second Director
representing employees shall be appointed by the European
Works Council.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

If the number of members of the Board of Directors, calculated in
accordance with article L. 225-27-1-II of the French Commercial
Code, was originally more than eight members but becomes less
than or equal to eight members, the Director appointed by the
European Works Council shall remain in office until his term of
office expires.
As an exception to the foregoing, the Director
representing employees appointed by virtue of this clause is
not required to hold at least 500 registered shares during his
term of office.
The Director representing employees shall be appointed for a
four-year term expiring at the close of the General Meeting called
to approve the Financial Statements for the previous year and
which is held in the year in which his term of office expires. The
tenure of the Director representing employees may be renewed.
The tenure of the Director representing employees shall be
terminated in accordance with statutory requirements and the
provisions contained in this clause, particularly in the event of
termination of said Director’s employment contract; if the criteria
for the application of article L. 225-27-1 of the Commercial Code
are no longer met, the tenure of the Director(s)
representing employees shall expire at the end of the meeting
during which the Board of Directors observes that the Company
has been released from this obligation.
In the event that the seat of a Director representing employees is
vacant for any reason whatsoever, the vacant seat shall be filled
under the conditions set forth in article L. 225-34 of the French
Commercial Code.
In addition to the provisions of the second paragraph of article
L. 225-29 of the French Commercial Code, it is stipulated, if need
be, that any failure to appoint a Director representing employees by
the body designated herein, in accordance with the law and with this
clause, shall not invalidate the resolutions of the Board of Directors.

Article 12: Organization and management
of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors elects from among its members who are
individuals, a Chairman. It determines his remuneration and sets
his term of office which may not exceed his term of office as
Director. The Chairman may be re-elected.
The Chairman of the Board of Directors performs the duties
entrusted to him by law. He chairs the Board of Directors,
organizes and manages its work and reports on such work to the
General Meeting. He ensures that the Company’s bodies operate
properly and, in particular, that the Directors are able to fulfill their
assignments.
The Board may also appoint from among its members one or
more Vice-Chairmen, whose term of office shall be determined
within the limit of their term as Director and whose role it is,
subject to the legal provisions applicable in the event of the
temporary impediment or death of the Chairman, to convene and
chair Board meetings or chair General Meetings in accordance
with these articles of association when the Chairman is impeded.
No Director who does not also assume the role of Chief Executive
Officer may be appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors
after the age of 72. If, during the term of office, this age limit is
reached, the Chairman’s mandate shall terminate at the close of
the General Meeting held to approve the Financial Statements for
the year during which he reached the age limit.

AIR LIQUIDE

407

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

General information

If the Chairman of the Board of Directors also assumes the role of
Chief Executive Officer, the applicable age limit is that applicable
to the Chief Executive Officer (other than in exceptional
circumstances, if the Board decides at its discretion to apply, on a
temporary basis, the age limit for the Chairman referred to in the
preceding paragraph).

Powers of the Chief Executive Officer

The Chairman and each Vice-Chairman may be dismissed by the
Board of Directors at any time. They may also be re-elected.

The Board of Directors is responsible for defining the decisions of
the Chief Executive Officer that require its prior approval. The
Board of Directors’ prior approval should be sought particularly for
external acquisitions or sales of interests or assets, and for
investment commitments, in each case under the conditions and
exceeding the amounts corresponding to an efficient operation of
the Company as set by the Board of Directors. It should also be
sought for financing operations of any amount likely to
substantially alter the Company’s financial structure and for any
decision likely to substantially alter the Company’s strategic
orientations determined by the Board of Directors.

The Board may appoint a secretary who need not be a
shareholder or one of its members.

Article 13: General Management
Management organization
In accordance with the law, the Company’s General Management
is assumed either by the Chairman of the Board of Directors or by
any other physical person, Director or not, appointed by the Board
of Directors and who assumes the role of Chief Executive Officer.
The choice between either of the two General Management
organizations described above is made by the Board of Directors.
The Board of Directors makes its decision relating to the choice of
General Management organization under the quorum and majority
conditions stipulated in article 14 of these articles of association.
The shareholders and third parties are informed of the Board of
Directors’ decision under the conditions stipulated by the
regulations in force.
When the Company’s General Management is assumed by the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Board of Directors must
appoint, among its members considered as independent by the
Board of Directors, a Lead Director. The conditions of
appointment, the tasks and powers of the Lead Director (in
particular, if applicable, the power to ask to convene a meeting of
the Board of Directors), are set out in the Board of Directors’
internal regulations.
The choice made by the Board of Directors remains valid until it
decides otherwise.
The Board of Directors will review, as necessary, the choice made
each time the mandate of the Chairman of the Board of Directors
or the Chief Executive Officer comes up for renewal.

Chief Executive Officer
If the Company’s Chief Executive Officer is assumed by the
Chairman of the Board of Directors, the following provisions
relating to the Chief Executive Officer are applicable (apart from
the situation referred to in article 12 paragraph 5).
The Board of Directors sets the term of office and determines the
remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer.
No individual over the age limit set by law may be appointed as
Chief Executive Officer. If, during the term of office, this age limit
is reached, the Chief Executive Officer’s mandate shall terminate
at the close of the General Meeting held to approve the Financial
Statements for the year during which he reached the age limit set
by law.
The Chief Executive Officer may be dismissed at any time by the
Board of Directors. The discharge of a Chief Executive Officer
who does not assume the role of Chairman may give rise to
damages if decided without reasonable cause.
The Chief Executive Officer may always be re-elected.

408

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The Chief Executive Officer is vested with the broadest powers to
act in all circumstances on behalf of the Company within the limit
of the Company’s corporate purpose, the articles of association,
and subject to the powers expressly granted by law to General
Meetings and the Board of Directors.

Senior Executive Vice Presidents
On the Chief Executive Officer’s proposal, whether he be
Chairman of the Board of Directors or any other person, the Board
of Directors may appoint one or more physical persons as Senior
Executive Vice Presidents to assist the Chief Executive Officer.
The maximum number of Senior Executive Vice Presidents is set
at three.
In accordance with the Chief Executive Officer, the Board of
Directors determines the scope and term of the powers granted to
the Senior Executive Vice Presidents and sets their remuneration.
The Senior Executive Vice Presidents have the same powers as
the Chief Executive Officer vis-à-vis third parties.
In the event of impediment of the Chief Executive Officer or the
cessation of his functions, the Senior Executive Vice Presidents
shall maintain, unless decided otherwise by the Board of
Directors, their functions and powers until a new Chief Executive
Officer is appointed.
The Senior Executive Vice Presidents may be dismissed at any
time by the Board of Directors, at the Chief Executive Officer’s
proposal. They are subject to the age limit provided by law.
Senior Executive Vice Presidents may be re-elected.

Article 14: Board of Directors’ Meetings
and deliberations
The Board of Directors meets as often as the interest of the
Company so requires, by notice from its Chairman or in the case
of impediment, from the oldest Vice-Chairman, if one or more
Vice-Chairmen have been appointed, at the Head Office or in any
other location indicated in the Notice of Meeting.
The agenda is set by the Chairman and may only be finalized at
the time of the meeting.
Directors representing at least one third of members of the Board
of Directors may, while specifying the meeting’s agenda, ask the
Chairman to summon the Board if it has not met for more than two
months.
Likewise, the Chief Executive Officer, if he does not chair the
Board of Directors, may ask the Chairman to summon the Board
of Directors on any specified agenda.
The Chairman is bound to the requests made to him.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
General information

In the event that the Chairman is impeded or fails in performing
the aforementioned tasks, the oldest Vice-Chairman, if one or
more Vice-Chairmen have been appointed, shall have the
authority to call the Board and set the meeting’s agenda at the
request of at least one third of members of the Board of Directors
or the Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be. In the absence
of a Vice-Chairman, the minimum of one third of members of the
Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, depending on
the case, shall have the authority to call the Board and set the
meeting’s agenda.
Notices may be made by all means, including verbally.
The presence of one half of the members of the Board of
Directors is required for the validity of the Board’s decisions.
Decisions are made by a simple majority of the votes of the
members present or represented. In the event of a tie, the
Chairman shall have the casting vote.
The Board of Directors will set its internal rules that it may amend
by simple resolution.
For the purposes of calculating the quorum and majority,
members of the Board of Directors who take part in a Board
meeting by means of telecommunication, under the conditions set
forth in the regulations in force, are deemed to be present.

Article 15: Powers of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors determines the orientations of the
Company’s activities and ensures their implementation, in line
with its corporate interest, by taking into account the social and
environmental stakes of its activity.

Subject to the powers expressly attributed to General Meetings by
law and these articles of association, and in accordance with the
corporate purpose, the Board deals with any issues concerning
the smooth running of the Company and manages corporate
business pursuant to its decisions.
The Board of Directors may conduct controls and verifications as
it deems appropriate.
It may also decide to create Committees of its members
responsible for analyzing issues which it itself or its Chairman
submits thereto for review. The Board determines the composition
and powers of the Committees which conduct their activities
under its responsibility.
Issues related to the performance, remuneration and, where
appropriate, the renewal of the term of office of the Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, or the Chief Executive Officer, shall be
decided by the Board of Directors as and when required, and at
least once a year, after analysis by the Committee(s) of the Board
of Directors that deal with appointment and remuneration issues.

Article 16: Remuneration
The Ordinary General Meeting may allocate to the members of
the Board of Directors, as remuneration for their activity, a fixed
annual amount. The Board of Directors is free to distribute the
overall sum thus allocated among its members. It may also
allocate a greater amount to the Directors who are members of
Committees set up within the Board than that allocated to the
other Directors.
The Board may allocate exceptional sums to remunerate
assignments or mandates entrusted to the members of the Board.

Section IV
STATUTORY AUDITORS
Article 17: Audit of the Company
At the Ordinary General Meeting, the shareholders appoint the principal Statutory Auditors, under the conditions and with the
assignments set by law.

Section V
SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGS
Article 18: Shareholders’ Meeting
The General Meeting is comprised of all the Shareholders,
regardless of the number of shares they own, provided that all
shares are fully paid up and that they are not stripped of voting rights.
The right to attend General Meetings of the Company shall be
justified by the recording of the shares, in the book-entry form, in
the name of the Shareholder or of the intermediary registered on
behalf of the Shareholder within the time frames and under the
conditions provided for by French law.
The owners of registered shares or bearer shares must
furthermore have filed a proxy or absentee ballot form, or a single
document presented in lieu thereof, or if the Board of Directors
has so decided, a request for an admission card, at least three
days prior to the Meeting. The Board of Directors may however
reduce this time period if it deems appropriate. It may also
authorize the submission to the Company of the proxy or
absentee ballot forms by teletransmission (including electronically)
in accordance with prevailing regulatory and legal provisions.
The electronic signature can, when used, take the form of a
process that satisfies the conditions defined in the second
paragraph of article 1367 of the French Civil Code.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The General Meeting, duly constituted, represents all of the
Shareholders.
Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meetings, and where
necessary, Special General Meetings are convened, meet and
deliberate under the conditions provided by law and these articles
of association.
Meetings take place at the Head Office or at any other place
designated by the author of the notice, even outside of the Head
Office or the Head Office’s Department.
General Meetings are chaired by the Chairman of the Board of
Directors or, in his absence, by the Vice-Chairman or the oldest
Vice-Chairman of the Board, if one or more Vice-Chairmen have
been appointed, or otherwise by a Director specifically appointed
for this purpose by the Board.
In the event of impediment of the Vice-Chairman or ViceChairmen when Vice-Chairmen have been appointed or if the
Board has not appointed a Director, the Shareholders shall
themselves appoint the Chairman.

AIR LIQUIDE

409

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

General information

The two members of the General Meeting with the highest
number of votes and having accepted the position act as ballot
inspectors for the General Meeting. The officers of the Meeting
appoint a secretary who need not be a Shareholder.

General Meeting by videoconference or using telecommunications
means permitting their identification in accordance with the
conditions provided by prevailing law, shall be considered as
present for calculating the quorum and voting majority.

In the event that the Meeting is convened by a Statutory Auditor or
by a judicial representative, the General Meeting is chaired by the
author of the notice.

Article 19: Powers of Shareholders’ Meetings

Upon the decision of the Board of Directors published in the
Notice of Meeting or notice of convocation to rely on means of
telecommunication, the Shareholders who take part in the

Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meetings, and where
necessary, Special General Meetings allow Shareholders to
exercise the powers defined by law and these articles of association.

Section VI
INVENTORY – RESERVES – DISTRIBUTION OF PROFITS
Article 20: Fiscal year
The fiscal year begins on January 1 and ends on December 31.

Article 21: Inventory, distribution of profits
The Company’s net proceeds, established in the annual inventory,
after deducting overheads and other costs, including all
amortization, depreciation and provisions, constitute the net profits.
From these profits, less, as the case may be, previous losses, a
deduction of at least 5% is first of all made to create the reserve
required by law. This deduction ceases to be mandatory when the
reserve amounts to 10% of the share capital. It is resumed if this
reserve is ever used.
The distributable profits are made up of the annual net profits,
less previous losses, as well as the sums to be placed on reserve
pursuant to law, plus the profit carried forward.
From these profits, a deduction is made of the amount necessary
to pay the shareholders, as a first dividend, 5% of the sums paidup on their shares, and not amortized, and 5% of the sums from
premiums on shares issued in cash, and appearing in a “share
premium” account, without it being possible, if the profits of a
given year do not permit this payment, for the shareholders to
claim such amounts from the profits of subsequent years.
The General Meeting may decide to earmark any portion of the
available surplus of said profits it wishes for the creation of
general or special providence or reserve funds, under any name
whatsoever or even simply as an amount carried forward.
The balance constitutes a surplus fund which is intended for the
distribution of the second dividend as well as the amount
provisionally assessed as necessary to pay a 10% increase to the
registered shares satisfying the following conditions.

410

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Starting on January 1, 1996, the shares registered at December 31
of each year in registered form for at least two years, and which
remain registered until the date of the payment of the dividend, will
entitle their owners to collect a dividend per share which is 10%
higher, rounded down if necessary to the lower centime, than the
dividend per share distributed in respect of other shares, provided
that the amount of the dividend per share prior to any increase is
at least equal to the amount of the dividend per share prior to any
increase distributed in the preceding year, adjusted to take into
account the change in the number of shares from one year to the
next resulting in a capital increase by capitalizing premiums,
reserves or profits or a share split.
In the event that, starting on January 1, 1996, the Board of
Directors, with the approval of the Shareholders decides to
increase the capital by capitalizing reserves, profits or premiums,
the registered shares held on December 31 prior to the attribution
for at least two years and that remain held until the day before the
share attribution date will entitle their owners to an attribution of
shares which is 10% higher than the attribution made in favor of
other shares, and according to the same procedure.
The new shares created in this manner will be comparable in all
respects to the existing shares from which they are issued, for
calculating the entitlement to the higher dividends and the higher
attributions.
The increases defined in each of the two preceding paragraphs may
be modified or eliminated by simple decision during the Extraordinary
General Meeting, according to the procedures it determines.
Pursuant to law, the number of shares eligible for these increases
shall not for any given Shareholder exceed 0.5% of the
Company’s share capital.
The General Meeting held to approve the Financial Statements for
the year shall have the possibility of granting to each Shareholder,
for all or part of the dividend or interim dividends, an option for
payment of the dividend or interim dividends in either cash or shares.

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
General information

Section VII
LIQUIDATION
Article 22: Liquidation
At the expiration of the Company’s term, or in the event of early
dissolution, the shareholders determine the method of liquidation,
in accordance with the conditions stipulated by law. They appoint
and determine the powers of one or more liquidators.
The liquidators may, pursuant to a decision of the Shareholders,
transfer to another company or sell to a company or to any other
entity or person, all or part of the assets, rights and obligations of
the dissolved Company.

The duly constituted General Meeting retains the same
prerogatives during the liquidation as during the Company’s term.
In particular, it has the power to approve the accounts of the
liquidation and to grant a discharge thereof.
After the Company’s commitments have been settled, the net
proceeds from the liquidation are used first to fully redeem the
shares, and the surplus is then distributed equally among them.

Section VIII
DISPUTES
Article 23: Disputes
All disputes which may arise during the Company’s term or
liquidation, either between the Shareholders and the Company or
among the Shareholders themselves, regarding Company affairs,
are settled in accordance with law and submitted to the
jurisdiction of the competent Paris courts.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

For this purpose, in the event of disputes, all Shareholders shall
elect domicile in Paris, and all summonses and notices are duly
served at this domicile.
Failing election of domicile, summonses and notices are validly
served at the Office of Public Prosecution of the French Republic
at the Paris judicial court.

AIR LIQUIDE

411

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

General information

3. Dividends
Year

2023 (e)

Paid

May 22, 2024

Ordinary dividend (a)
Loyalty dividend (b)

Number of shares

Distribution
(in euros)

3.20 (a)

522,790,331

1,672,929,059

0.32 (b)

149,124,155

47,719,730
1,720,648,789

2024 (e)

May 21, 2025

3.30 (a)

576,946,413

0.33 (b)

167,367,655

1,903,923,163
55,231,326
1,959,154,489

2025 (c) (d)

May 20, 2026

3.70 (a)

579,384,423

0.37 (b)

165,796,301

2,143,722,365
61,344,631
2,205,066,996

(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)
(e)

Ordinary dividend paid on all shares.
Loyalty dividend paid only on registered shares held continuously for two full calendar years.
Subject to the approval of the General Meeting on May 5, 2026.
For 2025, amounts distributed are theoretical values calculated based on the number of shares as of December 31, 2025.
For 2023 and 2024, amounts actually paid.

4. Documents accessible to the public
Documents, or copies of the documents listed below may be consulted during the period of the Universal Registration Document’s validity
at Shareholder Services located at the head office of Air Liquide (75, quai d’Orsay, 75007 Paris) and, if applicable, on the Company’s
website (https://www.airliquide.com/investors/regulated-information), subject to the documents made available at the Company’s head
office or website under the applicable laws and regulations:
■ the Company’s articles of association;
■ all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, evaluations and official assertions and declarations prepared
by an expert at the Company’s request, some of which are included or referred to in this Universal Registration Document;
■ historical financial information of the Group, for each of the two fiscal years preceding publication of this Universal Registration
Document.

5. Incorporation by reference
Pursuant to article 19 of the EC Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the following information is included in this Universal Registration Document:
■ the consolidated and parent company Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, accompanied by the Statutory
Auditors’ Reports which appear on pages 291 to 294 and on pages 307 to 309, respectively, of the 2023 Universal Registration
Document filed on March 5, 2024 with the French financial market authority (AMF) under number D.24-0080;
■ the financial information shown on pages 18 to 69 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document filed on March 5, 2024 with the
French financial market authority (AMF) under number D.24-0080;
■ the consolidated and parent company Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, accompanied by the Statutory
Auditors’ Reports which appear on pages 256 to 259, and on pages 272 to 274, respectively, of the 2024 Universal Registration
Document filed on March 6, 2025 with the French financial market authority (AMF) under number D.25-0072;
■ the financial information shown on pages 18 to 70 of the 2024 Universal Registration Document filed on March 6, 2025 with the
French financial market authority (AMF) under number D.25-0072.
The sections not included in these documents serve no useful purpose to investors or are already covered in this Universal Registration
Document. Furthermore, the information appearing on the websites mentioned by the hypertext links in this Universal Registration
Document does not form part of it.

412

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Information relating to payment deadlines for suppliers and customers

INFORMATION RELATING
TO PAYMENT DEADLINES
FOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS
Pursuant to the provisions of article D. 441-6 of the French Commercial Code and Decree No. 2021-211 of February 24, 2021, the
breakdown of the balance of trade payables and receivables of L’Air Liquide S.A. as at December 31, 2025 is as follows:
Invoices received outstanding at the closing date of the financial year that has ended

0 day

1 to 30 days

31 to 60 days

61 to 90 days

91 days
or more

Total
(1 day
and more)

A) Late payment tranches

Number of invoices concerned

653

Total amount of invoices concerned
(all taxes included)
(in millions of euros)

31.9

1,411

18.3

Percentage of total amount
of purchases net of taxes
for the financial year
7.6%
4.4%
B) Invoices excluded from (A) relating to disputed and unrecorded debts

0.8

0.3

7.2

26.6

0.2%

0.1%

1.7%

6.4%

Number of invoices excluded
Total amount of invoices excluded
(in millions of euros)
C) Reference payment terms used (contractual or statutory period - article L. 441-6 or article L. 443-1 of the French Commercial Code)
Payment deadlines used to calculate
Contractual
late payments
deadlines:
0 to 60 days
Invoices issued outstanding at the closing date of the financial year that has ended

0 day

1 to 30 days

31 to 60 days

61 to 90 days

91 days
or more

Total
(1 day
and more)

A) Late payment tranches

Number of invoices concerned

44

Total amount of invoices concerned
(all taxes included)
(in millions of euros)

1.2

7

0.1

Percentage of total amount
of revenues net of taxes
for the financial year
1.3%
0.1%
B) Invoices excluded from (A) relating to disputed and unrecorded debts

0

0

0

0.1

0.0%

0.0%

0.0%

0.1%

Number of invoices excluded
Total amount of invoices excluded
(in millions of euros)
C) Reference payment terms used (contractual or statutory period - article L. 441-6 or article L. 443-1 of the French Commercial Code)
Payment deadlines used to calculate
Contractual
late payments
deadlines:
0 to 60 days

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

413

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Person responsible for the Universal Registration Document

PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE
UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
1. Person responsible for the Universal
Registration Document
François JACKOW, Chief Executive Officer of L’Air Liquide S.A.

2. Certification by the person responsible for the Universal
Registration Document
I hereby attest that the information contained in this Universal Registration Document reflects, to the best of my knowledge, the current
situation and does not omit any information that could alter its scope.
I certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the statutory accounts and the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with applicable accounting standards and give a true and fair view of the assets and liabilities, and of the financial position
and profits or losses of the issuer and of its consolidated subsidiaries, and that the Management Report of the Group defined in the
Cross-reference table available in Chapter 7 of this Universal Registration Document pages 419 to 421 provides a true and fair view of
the evolution, results of the Company and financial condition of the issuer and of its consolidated subsidiaries, and a description of the
main risks and uncertainties the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are subject to, and has been prepared in accordance with
applicable sustainability reporting standards.
Paris, March 5, 2026
François Jackow
Chief Executive Officer

414

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Cross-reference table for the Universal Registration Document

CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE FOR THE
UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT
The cross-reference table identifies the main information required by the Delegated Regulation No. 2019/980 of the European
Commission dated March 14, 2019 (the “Regulation”). The table indicates the pages of this Universal Registration Document where the
information related to each item is presented. The table indicates, when required by the Regulation, the pages of the Universal
Registration Document related to the year ended December 2024, filed on March 6, 2025 under the number D.25-0072 (the “URD 2024”),
and the pages of the Universal Registration Document related to the year ended December 2023, filed on March 5, 2024 under the
number D.24-0080 (the “URD 2023”), which are incorporated by reference in this document.
No.

Items of the Annexes I and II of the Regulation

1.

Persons Responsible, Third party information, experts’ reports
and competent authority approval

Pages

1.1

Indication of persons responsible

414

1.2

Declaration by persons responsible

414

1.3

Statement or report attributed to a person acting as an expert

N/A

1.4
1.5

Information sourced from third parties
Approval statement of the competent authority

N/A
1

2.

2.1

Statutory Auditors
Names and addresses of the auditors

259

2.2

Indication of the removal or resignation of auditors

3.
4.

Risk factors
Information about the issuer

N/A
72 to 83, 244 to 249

4.1

The legal and commercial name of the issuer

405

4.2

The place and the number of registration

405

4.3

The date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer

405

4.4

The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the legislation under which the issuer
operates, its country of incorporation, and the address and telephone number
of its registered office

405

5.

5.1

Business Overview
Main activities

5.1.1

Nature of the issuer’s operations and its principal activities

6, 7, 24 to 36, 49 to 56, 215 to 217, 426
6, 7, 24 to 36, 50 to 57, 211 to 213, 438
of URD 2024
6, 7, 24 to 36, 49 to 56, 245 to 247
of URD 2023

5.1.2

New products

66 to 68

5.2

Main markets

6, 7, 24 to 36, 49 to 56, 215 to 217, 426
6, 7, 24 to 36, 50 to 57, 211 to 213, 438
of URD 2024
6, 7, 24 to 36, 49 to 56, 245 to 247, 464
of URD 2023

5.3

The important events in the development of the issuer’s business

5.4

Strategy and objectives

5.5
5.6

Dependence on patents or licenses, industrial, commercial or financial contracts
or new manufacturing processes
Basis for statements made by the issuer regarding its competitive position

5.7

Investments

5.7.1

Principal investments realized

5.7.2
5.7.3

Principal investments in progress or for which firm commitments
have already been made
Participation in joint ventures and undertakings

5.7.4

Environmental issues that may affect the utilization of the tangible fixed assets

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

18 to 20, 51 to 53, 59 to 60, 66 to 68
38 to 48
76
37
18 to 20, 59 to 60, 200
18 to 20, 60 to 61, 196 of URD 2024
18 to 20, 58 to 59, 254 of URD 2023
59 to 60, 251 to 252
257 to 258, 277
39 to 41, 58 to 59, 252 to 255,
300 to 330

AIR LIQUIDE

415

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Cross-reference table for the Universal Registration Document

No.

Items of the Annexes I and II of the Regulation

6.

Organizational Structure

6.1

Brief description of the Group

24 to 37

6.2

List of significant subsidiaries

257 to 258

7.

Operating and Financial Review
Financial condition

7.1
7.1.1

Review of the business’ development and its financial position in historical
interim periods

6 to 8, 49 to 65, 197 to 202, 426 to 427
6 to 8, 50 to 56, 193 to 198, 438 to 439
of URD 2024
6 to 8, 49 to 63, 227 to 232, 464 to 465
of URD 2023

7.1.2

The issuer’s future development and its activities in the fields of research
and development
Operating results

66 to 68

7.2
7.2.1

Significant factors materially affecting the issuer’s income from operations

49 to 55, 217

7.2.2

Disclosure of material changes in net sales or revenues

49 to 55, 217

8.

Capital Resources
Issuer’s capital resources

8.1

47 to 48, 60 to 61, 201, 229 to 231,
239 to 244, 426 to 427
56 to 57, 200

8.2

Sources and amounts of the issuer’s cash flows

8.3

Information on the borrowing requirements and funding structure

8.4

Restrictions on the use of capital resources

8.5

Anticipated sources of funds

9.
10.

Regulatory environment
Trend information

83, 370

10.1

The most significant recent trends in production, sales and inventory, and costs
and selling prices since the end of the last fiscal year, and the significant change
in the issuer’s financial or trading position

70, 255

10.2

Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are reasonably
likely to have material effect on the issuer’s prospects
Profit Forecasts or Estimates
Statement on the correctness of a forecast included in the prospectus

11.

11.1
11.2
11.3

Statement setting out the principal assumptions upon which the issuer has based
its forecast or estimate
Preparation of the forecast or estimate

12.

Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies and Senior Management

12.1

Composition – statements

12.2

Conflicts of interests

13.

Remuneration and Benefits

13.1

Remuneration and benefits in kind

13.2

Pension, retirement or similar benefits

14.

14.1

Board Practices
Current terms of office

14.2

Contracts providing benefits upon termination of employment

14.3

Information about Audit and Remuneration Committee

47 to 48, 60 to 61, 239 to 244
228
47 to 48, 60 to 61, 239 to 244

70

N/A
N/A
N/A
98 to 100, 101 to 103, 111, 126 to 139
101 to 109, 114,150
140 to 152, 156 to 157, 160 to 161,
162 to 168, 171, 250 to 251, 277
152 to 155, 169 to 170, 250 to 251, 277
98 to 100, 126 to 139
N/A
117 to 120, 122 to 123, 125

14.4

Statement related to corporate governance

101 to 103, 111, 125

14.5

101 to 103, 122, 388

15.1

Potential material impacts on the corporate governance including future changes
in the Board and Committees composition
Employees
Number of employees

15.2

Shareholdings and stock options

15.3

Arrangements involving the employees in the capital of the issuer

16.

16.1

Major Shareholders
Identification of the main Shareholders

16.2

Voting rights

403

16.3

Ownership and control

403

16.4

Arrangements which may result in a change in control of the issuer

15.

416

Pages

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

6, 14, 217, 277, 329 to 348
181 to 191
181 to 190, 229 to 231, 403
403

192 to 193

AIR LIQUIDE

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Cross-reference table for the Universal Registration Document

No.

Items of the Annexes I and II of the Regulation

17.
18.

Related party transactions
Financial Information concerning the issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial
position and profits and losses

18.1

Historical financial information and Statement indicating that the historical financial
information has been audited

18.2

Interim and other financial information

18.3

Auditing of historical annual financial information

18.3.1

Statement indicating that the historical financial information has been audited

18.3.2

Indication of other information which has been audited

18.3.3
18.4

Source of the data when financial data in the registration document is not extracted
from the issuer’s audited Financial Statements
Pro forma financial information

18.5

Dividend policy

18.6

Legal and arbitration proceedings

18.7

Significant change in the issuer’s financial or trading position

19.

Additional Information

19.1

Share capital

19.1.1

Amount of issued capital

19.1.2

Shares not representing capital

19.1.3

Shares held by or on behalf of the issuer itself

19.1.4

Convertible securities, exchangeable securities or securities with warrants

19.1.5
19.1.6

Information about and terms of any acquisition rights and/or obligations
over authorized but unissued capital or an undertaking to increase the capital
Information about any capital of any member of the Group which is under option
or agreed conditionally or unconditionally to be put under option and details
of such options including those persons to whom such options relate

19.1.7

History of share capital

19.2

Memorandum and articles of association

Pages
250 to 251

6 to 7, 8, 49 to 65, 197 to 282,
426 to 427
6 to 7, 8, 50 to 65, 193 to 276,
438 to 439 of URD 2024
6 to 7, 8, 49 to 63, 227 to 311,
464 to 465 of URD 2023
N/A
261 to 264, 278 to 280
256 to 259, 272 to 274 of URD 2024
291 to 294, 307 to 309 of URD 2023
366 to 368, 397 to 400
N/A
N/A
8, 49, 56, 220, 281 to 282, 379,
385 to 386, 422, 426 to 427
83, 232, 252
255

201, 229 to 231, 274, 281 to 282,
402 to 403, 426 to 427
N/A
201, 229 to 231, 403
N/A
383, 392 to 395, 403 to 404, 406
148 to 186, 229 to 231, 250 to 251

201 to 202, 402, 403, 426 to 427
197 to 198, 414, 415, 438 to 439
of URD 2024
231 to 232, 438, 439, 464 to 465
of URD 2023

19.2.1

Description of issuer’s objects and purposes

405

19.2.2

Description of the rights, preferences and restrictions attaching to each class
of the existing shares
Description of any provision that would have an effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change in control of the issuer
Material Contracts
Documents on display

406

19.2.3
20.
21.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

192 to 193
251 to 252
412

AIR LIQUIDE

417

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Cross-reference table for the annual Financial Report

CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE
FOR THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
In order to facilitate the reading of this document, the cross-reference table, hereafter, enables identification in this Universal Registration
Document of the information which constitutes the annual Financial Report that must be published by the listed companies in accordance
with article L. 451-1-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and article 222-3 of the French financial market authority’s general
regulations.

418

No.
1.

Required element
Company annual Financial Statements

2.
3.

Consolidated Financial Statements
Management Report (within the meaning of the French Commercial Code)

4.

Statement of the persons responsible for the Annual Financial Report

5.

Statutory Auditors’ Report on the Company’s annual Financial Statements
and the Consolidated Financial Statements

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Chapter/Pages
Chapter 4/p. 265 to 277
Chapter 4/p. 197 to 260
Refer to the cross-reference table
for the Management Report
on pages 419 to 421
Chapter 7/p. 414
Chapter 4/p. 261 to 264, 278 to 280

AIR LIQUIDE

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Cross-reference table for the Management Report

CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE
FOR THE MANAGEMENT REPORT
In order to facilitate the reading of this document, the cross-reference table, hereafter, enables the identification in this Reference
Document of the Management Report information required by provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)
applicable to joint stock companies with a Board of Directors.
Required element

Reference text

Chapter/Pages

1. Group situation and activity

Objective and comprehensive analysis of changes in business,
results and the financial situation of the Company and the Group

L. 232-1, II - 1°and L. 233-26
of the French Commercial Code

Key figures/p. 6 to 15
Chapter 1/p. 18 to 21,
24 to 37, 49 to 65

Key financial performance indicators

L. 232-1, II - 4° and L. 233-26
of the French Commercial Code

Key figures/p. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,
11
Chapter 1/p. 49 to 65

Key non-financial performance indicators relating to the Company
and the Group’s specific activity
Significant events occurring between the fiscal year closing date
and the Management Report preparation date
Identity of the main shareholders and voting rights holders
in the general assembly, and modifications occurring during
the current fiscal year

L. 232-1, II - 4° and L. 233-26 of the
French Commercial Code
L. 232-1, II - 1° and L. 233-26
of the French Commercial Code
L. 233-13 of the French Commercial
Code

Key figures/p. 14 to 15
Chapter 1/p. 58 to 59
Chapter 4/p. 255

Existing branch offices

L. 232-1, II-3°and L. 233-26
of the French Commercial Code
L. 233-6 paragraph 1 of the French
Commercial Code
L. 233-29, L 233-30 and R. 233-19
of the French Commercial Code
L. 232-1, II -1° and L. 233-26
of the French Commercial Code
D. 441-4 of the French Commercial
Code
R. 225-102 of the French
Commercial Code
L. 232-1, II-2° and L. 233-26
of the French Commercial Code
L. 511-6 and R. 511-2-1-3
of the French Monetary and
Financial Code

N/A

Significant acquisitions during the fiscal year of equity interests
in companies which have their registered office in France
Cross-shareholdings
Company and Group foreseeable trends
Information on suppliers and customers payment terms
Table of Company results over the past five fiscal years
Research and Development activities
Intragroup loans confirmed and auditors declaration

Key figures/p. 9
Chapter 7/p. 403

Chapter 6/p. 378
N/A
Chapter 1/p. 38 to 40, 70
Chapter 7/p. 413
Chapter 4/p. 281 to 282
Chapter 1/p. 66 to 68
N/A

2. Internal control and risk management

Anti-corruption system
Vigilance Plan and report on its effective implementation

Law No. 2016-1691 of December 9,
2016 called “Sapin 2”
L. 225-102-1 of the French
Commercial Code

Chapter 2/p. 79, 83
Chapter 5/p. 358 to 359
Chapter 2/p. 90 to 96

L. 22-10-8-I, paragraph 2
of the French Commercial Code
L. 22-10-9-I-1° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 22-10-9-I-2° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 22-10-9-I-3° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 22-10-9-I-4° of the French
Commercial Code

Chapter 3/p. 172 to 179

3. Corporate governance
Information on remuneration

Remuneration policy of the corporate officers
Remuneration and benefits of any kind paid during or awarded
in respect of the fiscal year to each corporate officer
Relative proportion of the fixed and variable remuneration
Use of the possibility to reclaim variable remuneration
Commitments of any kind made by the Company for the benefit
of corporate officers, corresponding to elements of remuneration,
indemnities or benefits due or likely to be due as a result of the
assumption, termination or change in their duties, or thereafter
Remuneration paid or awarded by a company included
in the scope of consolidation pursuant to article L. 22-10-9
of the French Commercial Code

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

L. 22-10-9-I-5° of the French
Commercial Code

Chapter 3/p. 143 to 159
Chapter 3/p. 143, 144, 156
N/A
Chapter 3/p. 152 to 155

Chapter 3/p. 161

AIR LIQUIDE

419

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Cross-reference table for the Management Report

Required element

Reference text

Ratios between the remuneration of each Executive Officer and
the average and median remunerations of the Company employees
Annual change in the remuneration, the Company’s performance,
the average remuneration of the Company employees and
the above-mentioned ratios over the five past fiscal years

L. 22-10-9-I-6° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 22-10-9-I-7° of the French
Commercial Code

Chapter/Pages
Chapter 3/p. 158 to 159

Explanation on how the total remuneration complies with
the remuneration policy adopted, including the way it contributes
to long term performance of the Company and the way
the performance criteria has been applied
Manner in which the vote of the last Ordinary General Meeting
provided for by I of article L. 22-10-34 of the French Commercial
Code has been taken into account

L. 22-10-9-I-8° of the French
Commercial Code

Chapter 3/p. 143 to 159

L. 22-10-9-I-9° of the French
Commercial Code

Chapter 3/p. 143

Deviation from the procedure for the implementation
of the remuneration policy and any derogations
Application of article L. 225-45 al. 2
of the French Commercial Code
Attribution and retention of stock options by Executive Officers
Attribution and retention of free share grants to Executive Officers

L. 22-10-9-I-10° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 22-10-9-I-11° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 225-185 of the French
Commercial Code
L. 225-197-1 and L. 22-10-59
of the French Commercial Code

Chapter 3/p. 159

N/A
N/A
Chapter 3/p. 148 to 152

Information on governance

List of all terms of office and functions held in any company
by each Executive Officer during the fiscal year
Agreements between an Executive Officer or a major shareholder
and a subsidiary
Summary table of delegations of authority currently in force granted
by the Shareholders’ Meeting relating to an increase in capital
Exercising conditions of the general management of the Company

420

L. 225-37-4-1° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 225-37-4-2° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 225-37-4-3° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 225-37-4-4° of the French
Commercial Code
Composition, preparation and organization of the work of the Board L. 22-10-10-1° of the French
of Directors
Commercial Code
Application of the balanced representation principal of women
L. 22-10-10-2° of the French
and men in the Board
Commercial Code
Limits brought by the Board of Directors on Chief Executive
L. 22-10-10-3° of the French
Officer’s powers
Commercial Code
Reference to a Code of corporate governance and application
L. 22-10-10-4° of the French
of the principle comply or explain
Commercial Code
Specific conditions governing shareholders’ attendance
L. 22-10-10-5° of the French
at the Annual General Meeting
Commercial Code

Chapter 3/p. 98 and 100,
126 to 139
N/A

The implementation of an appraisal procedure in respect
of transactions in the ordinary course of business entered
into on arm’s length terms.

L. 22-10-10-6° of the French
Commercial Code

Chapter 3/p. 115 and 119

Internal control and risk management procedures implemented
by the Company
Information that may have an impact in the event of a takeover bid

L. 22-10-19-7° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 22-10-11 of the French
Commercial Code

Chapter 2/p. 84 to 88

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Chapter 7/p. 404
Chapter 3/p. 101 to 103
Chapter 3/p. 101 to 125
Chapter 3/p. 101
and 103 to 106
Chapter 3/p. 102
Chapter 3/p. 101, 125
Chapter 3/p. 125
Chapter 7/p. 406
and 409 to 410

Chapter 3/p. 192 to 193

AIR LIQUIDE

CONTENT

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Cross-reference table for the Management Report

Required element

Reference text

Chapter/Pages

4. Share ownership and capital

Structure and change in Company capital and threshold
notifications
Acquisition and disposal by the Company of treasury shares

L. 233-13 of the French Commercial
Code
L. 225-211 of the French
Commercial Code

Key figures/p. 9
Chapter 7/p. 402 to 403
Chapter 6/p. 380, 381,
387, 388
Chapter 7/p. 404

Employee share ownership

L. 225-102 al. 1 of the French
Commercial Code
R. 228-90 and R. 228-91
of the French Commercial Code
L. 621-18-2 of the French Monetary
and Financial Code
243 bis of the French Tax Code

Chapter 3/p. 181 to 190
Chapter 7/p. 403
Chapter 3/p. 182 to 186

Possible adjustments for securities giving access to share capital
in case of buybacks of shares or financial transactions
Information on Company’s shares trading by Executive Officers
and related persons
Amount of dividends paid out in respect of the three previous
fiscal years
5. Sustainability information

L. 233-28-4 of the French
Commercial Code

Chapter 3/p. 191
Chapter 6/p. 379
Chapter 7/p. 412
General disclosures
p. 284 to 299
Environmental
information p. 300 to 330
Information related to
social matters p. 331 to 355
Governance-related
information p. 356 to 361

6. Additional information

Additional tax information
Injunctions or financial penalties in respect of anti-competitive
practices
Information on key intangible assets, their significance
to the business model, and how they contribute to value creation
for the Company
Impact of the Company’s activities on the fight against tax evasion
Measures to foster ties between the Nation and its armed forces,
as well as initiatives to support engagement in the National
Guard reserves
Specific information for companies operating at least one site
classed Seveso “high threshold”

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

223 quater and 223 quinquies
of the French Tax Code
L. 464-2 of the French Commercial
Code
L. 232-1, II - 7° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 22-10-35, 1° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 22-10-35, 2° of the French
Commercial Code
L. 232-1-1 of the French
Commercial Code

N/A
N/A
Chapter 1/p. 22 to 23
and 66 to 68
Chapter 5/p. 345 to 347
Chapter 2/ p. 79 to 80
N/A

Chapter 2/ p. 73 to 74
and 89
Chapter 5/ p. 335 to 339

AIR LIQUIDE

421

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Glossary

GLOSSARY
1. Financial glossary
A
Adjusted price
Share price adjusted to take account of changes in capital (issue
of new shares, share split, etc.). The adjusted share price is used
to produce meaningful comparisons of price changes over time.

AMF (Autorité des Marchés Financiers, the French
financial market authority)

Means of remuneration that grants free shares of the Company to
all the employees or a specific employee category. The employee
only becomes the owner of the shares after a given acquisition
period and according to the plan’s conditions. If the acquisition
period is shorter than four years, the law provides that the
employee must keep his/her shares for a minimum additional twoyear period.

The AMF governs and oversees the conduct and professional
ethics of the markets and protects the interests of investors and
shareholders.

The conditional grant of shares to employees correspond to free
share attributions pursuant to the terms of the articles
L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-5, L. 22-10-59 and L. 22-10-60 of the
French Commercial Code.

B

Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD)

Bearer share
Share held in a security account at the shareholder’s financial broker.

European Directive 2022/2464 establishing the framework for the
publication of sustainability information applicable to certain
companies in the European Union including the Air Liquide Group.

BlueBook

Custody fees

A global reference manual, the BlueBook brings together
Air Liquide’s principles and key procedures and forms the basis of
the Group’s internal control and risk management system.

Bond
Tradable debt security issued by a public or private company, a
group, an association or a government. Bonds carry fixed interest
for a specific period and are redeemable on maturity.

C
CAC 40 (cotation assistée en continu – ContinuousAutomated Trading)
The flagship stock market index of Euronext in Paris, the CAC 40
tracks the evolution of a selection of 40 stocks registered on this
stock market. A Committee of Euronext specialists regularly revises
its composition to ensure that it remains representative. Air Liquide
has been included in the CAC 40 since its inception in 1988.

Capital employed
Balance sheet capital corresponding to financial resources used
by a company to develop its business. It is the sum of equity,
minority interests and net debt.

Capital gain
Gain realized on the sale of a security, that is, the difference
between its sale price and its original purchase price, or book value.

Cash flow from operating activities before changes
in net working capital
This indicator provides the exact measure of annual cash flow that
the Company is able to generate from its operations,
independently of the evolution of the working capital requirement,
which can be seasonal or erratic. This indicator is presented
before payment of interests on net debt and of interests paid on
lease liabilities and after payment of income taxes.

422

Conditional grant of shares to employees (CGSE)

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

Fees charged by a financial intermediary for maintaining a share
account. They generally represent a percentage of the portfolio or
a set fee per line of shares held. Air Liquide’s Shareholder
Services provide this service free of charge for shares held in a
direct registered account.

D
Deferred settlement service (SRD)
Fee-based service available for the most traded stocks through
which settlement for orders or delivery of shares is deferred to the
last trading day of the month. Air Liquide shares are eligible for
this service.

Diluted earnings per share (Diluted EPS)
Net profit Group share divided by the average weighted number of
shares which would be outstanding, assuming conversion of all
potential shares (exercise of share subscription options, definitive
grant of free shares, etc.). The equivalent accounting term is
diluted net profit by share.

Direct registered shares
Direct registered shares are managed by Air Liquide and
registered in its accounts. They are held in a securities account
opened at Air Liquide.

E
Earnings per share (EPS)
Net profit Group share divided by the average weighted number of
shares outstanding. The equivalent accounting term is net profit
per share.

ESG (Environmental, Social
and Corporate Governance)
Environmental, social and corporate governance are the three
main areas appraised by SRI analysts. A positive appraisal of
these criteria is a guarantee of quality. It reflects the sustainability
of a company’s development.

AIR LIQUIDE

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Glossary

Euronext Paris
Name of the firm which organizes, manages and develops the
securities market in Paris, and acts as market regulator (financial
transactions, monitoring of companies listed on the stock market)
with the delegated authority of the AMF.

Euro Stoxx 50
Stock Exchange index composed of 50 of the highest
capitalizations and most actively traded stocks listed in the
eurozone.

F
Fractional right
Part of a share that cannot be distributed in the case of a free
share attribution or subscription if the number of shares held is not
a multiple of the transaction. Example: in a 1 for 10 free share
attribution, a shareholder holding 68 shares is allocated 6 new
shares and 8 fractional rights.

Free float
The part of a company’s capital publicly available and tradable on
the stock markets. The higher the free float, the greater the liquidity
of the shares. Nearly 100% of Air Liquide’s capital is floated.

Free share attribution
Transaction by which the Company issues new shares from
amounts deducted from “Additional paid-in capital” and allocates
new shares in proportion to the number of shares already held.
Air Liquide allocates regularly such free shares.

G
Goodwill
Difference between the purchase price of a company and its net
tangible assets on the day of the acquisition.

I
IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards)
International accounting standards with effect from January 1,
2005, conceived by the International Accounting Standards Board,
or IASB, for quoted companies to harmonize the presentation and
increase the transparency of their financial statements.

Indirectly/intermediary registered shares
Indirectly/intermediary registered shares are registered in the
Air Liquide accounts and held in a securities account at the
shareholder’s financial institution.

L
Liquidity
Ratio of the volume of shares traded over the total number of
shares outstanding, which make up the capital.

Loyalty bonus

M
Market capitalization
A company’s market value equal, at any given time, to the quoted
share price multiplied by the total number of shares outstanding.

Market sheet
The market sheet presents all the buy and sell orders for a share,
as well as the latest orders executed. Investors can only have
access to the five best offers (sales) and the five best demands
(purchases).

N
Net Dividend Per Share
The part of a company’s net profit distributed to shareholders.
Shareholders vote the dividend at the Annual General Meeting
after approval of the financial statements and the allocation of
earnings proposed by the Board of Directors.

Net profit (Group share)
Profit or loss made by the Company. It is calculated by adding
operating income recurring, other non-recurring operating
expenses, net finance costs, other net financial expenses, share
of profit of associates, profit (loss) from discontinued operations,
then subtracting Company tax and minority interests.

Net profit recurring
The recurring net profit corresponds to the net profit excluding
exceptional and significant transactions that have no impact on
operating income recurring.

Net profit recurring excluding IFRS 16
Net profit recurring excluding IFRS 16 corresponds to net profit
recurring restated for the impact of IFRS 16. The impact of
IFRS 16 includes the reintegration of rental charges less
depreciation and other financial charges recognized under
IFRS 16.

O
OPCVM (Organisme de Placement Collectif
en Valeurs Mobilières – pooled-investment-funds)
A savings product that makes it possible to hold part of a
collective marketable security portfolio handled by a professional,
like SICAVs (open-ended investment companies) or FCPs (mutual
funds).

Operating income recurring
Annual sales minus the cost of producing, distributing and selling
products and the depreciation or amortization on capital
expenditures. It provides an operating performance indicator
(before other operating income and expenses, financing and
taxes), drawn up according to the ANC recommendation
No. 2020-01.

P

The loyalty bonus increases the dividend distributed and the
number of free shares attributed by 10% for registered shares
held for more than two full calendar years and subject to the
conditions defined by Air Liquide’s articles of association.

Par value

Loyalty dividend

PER (Price Earnings Ratio)

Pursuant to Air Liquide’s articles of association, a dividend
premium of 10%, granted to loyal shareholders for registered
shares held continuously for more than two full calendar years
and until the date of the payment of the dividend.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

The issue price of a share as defined in a company’s articles of
association. A company’s total capital is the par value of the share
multiplied by the total number of shares outstanding.
The ratio of the market price of a share over earnings per share.

AIR LIQUIDE

423

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Glossary

Preferential subscription right

Share buyback

Tradable right giving shareholders priority in subscribing to a
number of new shares in proportion to the number of shares
already held in the event of a share issue. This is a negotiable
right in the stock exchange. In exceptional cases, the Company
may ask its shareholders to suspend their subscription right at an
Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting.

Transaction by which a company buys its own stock on the
market, up to the limit of 10% of its capital. The transaction
requires shareholder approval at the Company’s General
Shareholders’ Meeting. Bought-back shares are not taken into
account in the net earnings per share calculation and do not
receive any dividends.

Q
Quorum
Minimum percentage of shares with voting rights required to be
present or represented for a General Shareholders’ Meeting to be
validly constituted.

R
Registered share
Share registered in the Air Liquide accounts.

Retained earnings

The part of the Company’s capital belonging to its shareholders. It
includes the value of issued shares, retained earnings and Net
Profit for the financial year.

SRI (Socially Responsible Investment)
Socially responsible investment integrates, over and above the
standard financial criteria, environmental, social and corporate
governance (ESG) criteria in the analysis process and investment
decision.

Stock option
A subscription option that offers the right to subscribe, at a price
set in advance, for a fixed period, a company’s shares.

Undistributed profit, held by the Company until further decision.

Share split

Roadshow

Split of a share’s par value to improve its liquidity. A share split
leads, in the same proportions, to a split in the share’s market
value and the multiplication of the number of shares comprising
the capital. The value is unchanged.

Organized series of meetings during which a listed company,
represented by its management or an Investor Relations team,
travels to meet with institutional investors in their offices.

ROCE (Return on Capital Employed)
Return on Capital Employed after tax: (net profit after tax before
deduction of minority interests – net finance costs after taxes) for
the period)/(average (total shareholders’ equity + net debt) at the
end of the three last semesters).

Recurring ROCE (Return on Capital Employed)
The recurring ROCE is calculated in the same manner as the
ROCE using the recurring net profit for the numerator.

ROE (Return on Equity)
The ratio of Net Profit over shareholders’ equity. It represents the
net return on money invested by shareholders.

S
Share
Tradable security representing a portion of a company’s capital.
The owner of a share, the shareholder, is a part-owner of the
company and enjoys certain rights. Shares can be held as
registered or bearer shares.

424

Shareholders’ equity

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

U
Usufruct
The legal right to use and derive profit or benefit from property
that belongs to another person, as long as the property is not
damaged. The holder of a usufruct has the right to use and enjoy
the property, as well as the right to receive profits from the fruits of
the property.

V
Volatility
The degree of variation of a share over a given period. It is a risk
indicator: the greater the volatility, the higher the risk.

Y
Yield
Ratio of dividend per share over market share price.

AIR LIQUIDE

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Glossary

2. Technical glossary
Advanced materials

Hot/non-cryogenic technologies

Replaces the ALOHA range and the advanced precursors and
includes ALOHA and Voltaix.

All heat-producing technologies, such as combustion processes.
For Air Liquide, hot technologies comprise steam reforming of
methane to produce hydrogen and carbon monoxide and
cogeneration units.

Alternative energy
Energy that represents an alternative to traditional energies,
produced by transformation of natural gas or coal using
gasification and/or gas cleaning techniques.

ASU (Air Separation Unit)
Production unit mainly of oxygen and nitrogen by separating
gases from the air.

Biogas
Renewable energy that is produced during the methanization of
biomass (treatment of household waste, industrial or agricultural
waste, sewage sludge), then transformed using Air Liquide
purification and liquefaction technologies.

Bio-GNV

Unit that simultaneously produces hydrogen (H2) and carbon
monoxide (CO).

NACE
The Statistical Classification of Economic Activities in the
European Community, or NACE, refers to the classification of
economic activities in force in the European Union (EU).

On-site
On-site installations consist of gas production units installed
directly on Industrial Merchant or Electronic customer premises,
thanks to which truck deliveries can be avoided.

Orders in hand

Clean fuel, produced from biogas.

Carrier gases
Carrier gases (nitrogen, oxygen, hydrogen, etc.) are used to
transport and dilute process gases or to protect semiconductors
from minute dust particles.

Cogen
Cogeneration is the simultaneous production of electricity and
steam. It is an environmentally virtuous process as it avoids
energy loss by harnessing the heat emitted during electricity
production to produce steam.

Cold/cryogenic technologies
All cryogenic-related technologies
production of air gases.

HyCO unit

used,

primarily,

in

the

Cryogenics
Very low temperatures, necessary for the liquefaction of air gases,
hydrogen and helium. Concerns temperatures below -150
degrees Celsius.

Fab
Production facility in the electronics sector.

Fellow
The second highest international level of expertise (among four) in
the Air Liquide Technical Career Ladder. Fellows are recognized
as worldwide authorities within their given field of expertise.
Fellows are consultants of the top management in long-term
company strategy.

Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions

They represent the contractual value of all Group and third-party
engineering and construction contracts managed by the
Engineering & Construction entities, excluding projects under
warranty, from the signature date.

Order intake
It represents the sum of all Group and third-party engineering
contracts which entered into force during the period.

Renewable energy
Forms of energy whose production does not lead to a decline in
resources on a human scale, e.g. solar, wind, geothermal and
hydroelectric energies.

Syngas
Syngas, or synthesis gas, is a gas mixture consisting primarily of
hydrogen, carbon monoxide, and in some cases carbon dioxide.

Substrate
Material on or in which components of a micro-electronic system
or circuit are manufactured.

Take-or-pay
Contracts used in Large Industries integrating fixed minimum
payments below minimum volume thresholds.

Traditional energy
As opposed to renewable energies, energy whose production
exhausts resources by consuming them more quickly than they
are created. It is directly produced from fossil fuels: coal, oil,
natural gas.

■ The release of GHGs into the atmosphere. GHGs are the six
gases listed in the Kyoto Protocol;
■ Direct GHG emissions: emissions from sources owned or
controlled by the reporting company. These emissions are
reported in “Scope 1”;
■ Indirect GHG emissions: emissions that are a consequence of
the reporting company’s activities, but which come from
sources owned or controlled by another company. Indirect
emissions induced by the production of electricity and steam
purchased by the Group are reported in Scope 2, while other
relevant indirect emissions are reported in Scope 3;
■ Avoided GHG emissions: emission reductions achieved by
activities, products or services that emit less GHG than would
have been emitted in a reference scenario.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

425

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Ten-year consolidated financial summary

TEN-YEAR CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL SUMMARY
2016 (i)

2017

(i)

2018

Key figures (in millions of euros)
Consolidated income statement
Revenue

18,134.8

20,349.3

21,011.1

of which Gas & Services

17,331.0

19,641.9

20,106.9

Operating income recurring

3,023.9

3,363.8

3,448.5

16.7%

16.5%

16.4%

1,844.0

2,199.6

2,113.4

Cash flow from operating activities before changes in net working capital

3,523.2

4,133.0

4,138.2

Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets

2,258.6

2,182.5

2,249.2

12.5%

10.7%

10.7%

12,165.3

140.4

129.2

79.5%

11.4%

11.3%

1,031.3

1,160.2

1,163.8

Shareholders’ equity at the end of the period

16,741.8

16,317.9

17,783.1

Net debt at the end of the period

15,368.1

13,370.9

12,534.9

Operating income recurring/revenue
Net profit (Group share)
Consolidated cash flow statement

Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets/Revenue
Acquisition of consolidated companies and financial assets
Total capital expenditures/Revenue (a)
Dividends related to fiscal year and paid in the following year (b)
Consolidated balance sheet

Gearing

89.7%

80.0%

68.8%

32,493.1

30,089.3

30,742.3

Number of shares issued and outstanding at the end of the period

388,875,761

428,397,550

429,423,434

Adjusted weighted average number of shares outstanding (d)

533,535,783

571,982,345

572,337,788

Net profit per share (e)

3.46

3.85

3.69

Dividend per share

2.60

2.65

2.65

Adjusted dividend per share (f)

1.76

1.98

1.98

Return on Equity (ROE) (g)

13.5%

13.5%

12.6%

Return on Capital Employed after tax (ROCE) (h)

7.8%

8.2%

8.0%

Capital employed at the end of the period (c)
Share capital

Key figures per share (in euros)

Ratios

Loyalty dividend:
Since 1995, a 10% loyalty dividend is attributed to shareholders holding their shares in registered form for at least two years in the year preceding the period of
distribution, and owned until the date of payment of the dividend.
The dividend proposed to the Annual General Meeting for fiscal year 2025 amounts to 3.70 euros per share, and the enhanced dividend to 0.37 euros per share
representing a total distribution of 2,205.1 million euros.
(a) The total capital expenditures include purchases of property, plant and equipment and of intangible assets and the long-term investments. Industrial and
financial capital expenditures and transactions with minority shareholders are included.
(b) Including a loyalty dividend of 62.3 million euros in 2025, 55.2 million euros in 2024, 46.5 million euros in 2023, 43.3 million euros in 2022,
39.1 million euros in 2021, 37.4 million euros in 2020, 37.2 million euros in 2019, 32.7 million euros in 2018, 29.6 million euros in 2017 and
26.6 million euros in 2016.
(c) Capital employed at the end of period: shareholders’ equity + minority interests + net debt.
(d) Adjusted to take into account, on a basis of a weighted number of shares outstanding, capital increases by capitalization of reserves and additional paid-in
capital (2023, 2021, 2019, 2017), cash subscription of 2016 and treasury shares.

426

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

CONTENT

Ten-year consolidated financial summary

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

2024

2025

21,920.1

20,485.2

23,334.8

29,934.0

27,607.6

27,057.8

26,940.2

21,040.0

19,655.5

22,267.3

28,573.0

26,359.9

25,810.1

26,085.1

3,793.8

3,789.6

4,160.3

4,861.8

5,068.0

5,391.4

5,581.6

17.3%

18.5%

17.8%

16.2%

18.4%

19.9%

20.7%

2,241.5

2,435.1

2,572.2

2,758.8

3,078.0

3,306.1

3,517.9

4,859.4

4,932.4

5,292.1

6,255.2

6,357.3

6,539.3

6,855.1

2,636.4

2,630.2

2,916.8

3,273.0

3,393.4

3,525.1

3,843.4

12.0%

12.8%

12.5%

10.9%

12.3%

13.0%

14.3%

536.9

129.1

659.8

135.8

103.0

269.0

254.0

14.5%

13.5%

15.3%

11.4%

12.7%

14.0%

15.2%

1,309.6

1,335.6

1,412.4

1,582.8

1,719.5

1,958.3

2,205.1 (j)

18,870.4

18,542.3

21,462.3

23,736.4

24,321.5

26,860.0

26,213.9

12,373.3

10,609.3

10,448.3

10,261.3

9,220.9

9,159.2

8,415.5

64.0%

55.8%

47.5%

41.8%

36.8%

33.2%

31.2%

31,697.7

29,613.9

32,447.1

34,833.3

34,264.0

36,780.5

35,362.7

473,105,514

473,660,724

475,291,037

523,450,271

524,516,778

578,259,263

579,384,423

573,131,004

573,603,460

574,394,716

575,762,731

575,808,001

576,457,564

576,790,647

3.91

4.25

4.48

4.79

5.35

5.74

6.10

2.70

2.75

2.90

2.95

3.20

3.30

3.70

2.22

2.26

2.38

2.67

2.90

3.30

3.70

12.5%

13.2%

13.1%

12.8%

13.5%

13.6%

13.6%

8.4%

9.0%

9.3%

9.1%

9.8%

10.3%

10.7%

(e) Calculated on the adjusted weighted number of shares outstanding during the year excluding treasury shares.
(f) Adjusted to account for share capital movements.
(g) Return on Equity: (Net profit Group share)/(weighted average of shareholders’ equity over the year). These aggregates are adjusted for the application
of the IFRS16 standard.
(h) Return on Capital Employed after tax: (Net profit after tax before deduction of minority interests and excluding IFRS16 impact – net cost of debt after taxes)
for the period 2025)/(weighted average of (shareholders’ equity excluding IFRS16 impact + minority interests + net debt) at the end of the last three half years
(H2 2024, H1 2025 and H2 2025.
(i) Restatement related to the classification in accordance with IFRS5 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations”.
(j) The dividend payment related to the financial year ended December 31, 2024 is estimated taking into account share buybacks and cancellations.

2025 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT

AIR LIQUIDE

427

CONTENT

Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements
This Universal Registration Document contains information on the Group’s prospects, objectives and trends for growth. These forwardlooking statements can be identified by the use of the future tense, the conditional tense or forward-looking terms such as “consider”,
“intend”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “estimate”, “plan”, “expect”, “think”, “aim”, or, as the case may be, the negative of these words, or any
other terms with a similar meaning. This information is not based on historical data and should not be considered as a guarantee that
the prospects and objectives described will be achieved. These statements are based on data, assumptions and estimates considered
reasonable by the Group as of the date of this Universal Registration Document. They may be affected by known or unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors which might impact future results, performance and achievements of the Group in a way that is
substantially different from the objectives described. This information might therefore change due to uncertainties relating notably to the
economic, financial, competitive and regulatory environment or due to the occurrence of certain risks described in Chapter 2 of this
Universal Registration Document. This information is given solely as of the date of this Universal Registration Document. All forwardlooking statements contained in this Universal Registration Document are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary note.

CONTENT

Production: Ruban Blanc
Cover: THE EDITORIALIST
Photo credits: Adrien Daste, Zhao Wei, Franck Ardito (Melted Agency), Christophe Pelletier
(Make It Live Agency), Mokrani Mourad, Pierre-Olivier (Capa Pictures Agency), Air Liquide – DR.

-

