Airbus Annual Report 2024

Innovation
in action

We pioneer sustainable aerospace
for a safe and united world

Airbus saw strong order intake in 2024,
confirming the solid demand for its products
and services. The Company focused efforts
on its key operational priorities while
pursuing profitable growth and its
decarbonisation ambition.
Innovation in action was clear to see,
be it in the first A321XLR aircraft delivery or
the results of various flight and technology
demonstrators whose results will underpin
the next generation of Airbus products.

Contents

2024 at a glance
See page 02

Chairman’s message
See page 04

Overview
02 2024 at a glance
04 Chairman’s message
06 CEO interview
08 Innovation at Airbus
12
Strategy
13
Sustainability
15
Airbus
16
Airbus Helicopters
17
Airbus Defence and Space
18
CFO interview
20 Share information
Report of the Board of Directors
03 Information on the Company’s Activities
37 Corporate Governance
63 Risk Management and Internal Controls
81
General Information on the Company
and its Share Capital
97 Financial Information
105 Non-Financial Information:
Sustainability Statement
215 Vigilance Plan

Innovation at Airbus
See page 08

Financial Statements
03 Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated
Financial Statements
13
Notes to the IFRS Consolidated
Financial Statements
101 Airbus SE IFRS Company
Financial Statements
107 Notes to the IFRS Company
Financial Statements
131 Other Supplemental Information

CEO interview
See page 06

Strategy
See page 12

Sustainability
See page 13
CFO interview
See page 18

Share information
See page 20

Pictured on the front cover:
The Racer technology demonstrator.

Operational review
See page 15

Airbus SE, together with its subsidiaries, is referred to herein as the
“Company” or “Airbus”. The Company operates in three segments:
Airbus (which includes the Commercial Aircraft business) and the
two divisions, Airbus Defence and Space, and Airbus Helicopters.
In this report, “Airbus” may be used to refer to the Company, and
in context it may refer specifically to the Airbus segment.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

01

2024 at a glance
The year saw various programme milestones
as well as significant order announcements for
key products. Decarbonisation continued to be
a key focus area in research and development.
Financial

Non-Financial 2

Revenues (€ million)

Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions (ktCO2e)

(2023: 65,446)

(Market-based)

69,230

614

EBIT Adjusted (€ million)

Scope 3 GHG intensity (gCO2e/km.pax)

(2023: 5,838)

(Delivered commercial aircraft)

5,354

61.1

EBIT Reported (€ million)

Total energy consumption

(2023: 4,603)

(GWh)

5,304

3,704

Reported earnings per share1 (€)

Health and safety – FR1 rate

(2023: 4.80)

(Number of lost time injuries per million worked
hours over 12 months)

5.36

Order intake (€ million)

103,509
(2023: 186,493)

1

1.56

First A321XLR handed over
2024 saw the first delivery of
an A321XLR, the newest member
of the Airbus commercial aircraft
family. The single-aisle airliner
responds to market needs for
greater range and payload, creating
even more value for operators.
It offers a range of up to 4,700
nautical miles and 30% lower fuel
burn per seat compared to previous
generation competitor aircraft.

Number of employees

156,921
(End 2023: 147,893)

FY2024 average number of shares 789,961,671 compared to 788,720,779 in FY2023.

2 For further information, see the Report of the Board of Directors 2024.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

02

2024 at a glance
    Strong attendance at site open days
Airbus sites, including Toulouse, Bremen,
Stade and Broughton, opened their doors
to employees and their families and friends.
The events enabled staff to pass on their
passion for aerospace to those nearest and
dearest. Tens of thousands of people visited
the commercial aircraft complex near Toulouse,
with a flypast of various Airbus aircraft overhead.

External revenue split
17%
11%

Order book in value by region
3%
9%

€ 69.2bn
(2023: € 65.4bn)

    Significant defence orders received
Airbus Defence and Space saw strong demand
for its products and services and achieved record
order intake. Among the key agreements, Spain
ordered 25 additional Eurofighter combat aircraft,
Saudi Arabia ordered four more A330 MRTTs and
Germany awarded Airbus the SATCOMBw 3 prime
contract for a next-generation secure military
communications satellite system.

15%

8%
32%

€ 629bn
(2023: € 554bn)

72%

33%

Airbus

Europe

Airbus Helicopters

Asia Pacific

Airbus Defence
and Space

North America
Middle East
Latin America
Others

   Decarbonisation
focus continues
Alternative propulsion research
remains a main focus. Results from
the EcoPulse flight demonstrator
showed that the 800V DC battery
– designed by Airbus Defence and
Space – is safe for flight. The results
of the ECLIF3 programme, which
tested the impact of 100% sustainable
aviation fuel (SAF) use on aircraft
emissions, showed that using SAF
has the potential to reduce the
climate-warming effect of contrails.

   Good demand for
the H225 helicopter
The H225 demonstrated strong
momentum in 2024, with a record
order for up to 44 units placed by
the German Ministry of the Interior
for its Federal Police. On the
military side, the French Army’s
NH90 Standard 2 opened its
flight test campaign. Designed
specifically for the French Army
Aviation, this configuration will
support special forces’ operations.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

03

Chairman’s message

Navigating a
complex world
René Obermann outlines the Board of
Directors’ activities and the Company’s
performance during 2024. He also highlights
some agenda items to be presented at the
2025 AGM.
Dear Shareholders and Stakeholders,
From unpredictable geopolitics to supply chain
disruptions, navigating all the challenges of 2024
required resilience and adaptability. Through it
all, Airbus showed the vital role it plays in society,
from uniting people and facilitating trade to
providing the means for nations to protect their
citizens and infrastructure.
It was a year of contrasts, with economic growth
steady and air traffic increasing globally, while
some regions continued to be blighted by conflicts
that cost lives and deepened divides. Geopolitical
events yet again underlined the need for nations
to cooperate more closely to ensure European
sovereignty in defence and security. This is also
true of the rapidly evolving space sector, where
Europe must transform its industrial landscape
to better compete on the global stage.
The Company’s performance in 2024 reflected
the continuing complex operating environment,
with additional charges in the Space business
and supply chain issues in commercial aircraft
prompting us to downgrade our guidance at
mid-year. In commercial aircraft, deliveries
increased by 4% while many significant orders
were received. Important measures were
announced to increase Airbus Defence and
Space’s future competitiveness amid a fastchanging and challenging business context,
including adapting the organisation and
workforce. That said, the Division’s order

intake was strong overall. Meanwhile, Airbus
Helicopters had another good year with a
sizeable upturn in order intake by units and
improved earnings.
The Company as a whole reported full-year 2024
revenues of € 69.2 billion and an EBIT Adjusted
of € 5.4 billion. These results and our confidence
in the Company’s future financial performance
support the Board’s proposal to pay a dividend
of € 2.00 per share and a special dividend of
€ 1.00 per share for 2024. This compares to the
2023 payments of a € 1.80 per share dividend
and a special dividend of € 1.00 per share. As the
Company nears the 25th anniversary of its initial
public offering back in July 2000, we thank
shareholders for their continuing trust.
It was another active year for the Board and its
Committees, with a variety of topics reviewed
and monitored. Directors benefited from targeted
upskilling sessions to increase their knowledge
of relevant topics. Sustainability was a key focus
area, with subjects covered including human
rights, supply chain obligations, climate change
and decarbonisation.

2024 Dividend 1 (€ per share)

2.00

2024 Special dividend 1 (€ per share)

1.00
1

To be proposed to the 2025 AGM.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

04

Chairman’s message

Dedicated strategy briefings were held, including
a focus on defence and space, and energy sources
such as sustainable aviation fuel. Other sessions
focused on technologies for next-generation
aircraft programmes, and artificial intelligence,
with the latter benefiting from the expertise
of Dr. Feiyu Xu, who joined the Board in 2024.
Board members visited some key Airbus sites
during the year, including Seville (Spain) and
Toulouse (France).
Succession planning for the Board was a core
governance activity, as in previous years. At the
2025 Annual General Meeting, we will propose
to renew the three-year Board mandates of
Guillaume Faury, Catherine Guillouard and
Irene Rummelhoff. With shareholder approval
for his Board mandate, Guillaume would then
be reappointed Chief Executive Officer (CEO),
building on six successful years in the role.
We will also propose the appointment of
Dr. Doris Höpke as a new non-executive director
to succeed Claudia Nemat, who has decided
not to seek re-election. On behalf of Airbus,
I thank Claudia for her strong engagement since
becoming a director in 2016. Dr. Höpke currently
acts as an independent advisor and mediator,
and is a member of the Supervisory Board
of Mercedes-Benz. Previously, she was

Airbus showed the vital role
it plays in society, from uniting
people and facilitating trade
to providing the means for
nations to protect their
citizens and infrastructure.”

a long-standing member of the Board
of Management of reinsurer Munich Re.
Dr. Höpke brings extensive experience of risk
management, human resources and corporate
governance. Our policy of ‘staggered’ terms,
under which we reappoint or replace one-third
of directors each year, will again ensure the
Board retains the required expertise and
diversity of backgrounds.

Board of Directors

The Board and the Remuneration, Nomination
and Governance Committee also focused
on the management and employee talent
pipeline, including strengthening succession
planning for the Executive Committee.
After careful consideration, Lars Wagner was
chosen to succeed Christian Scherer as CEO
of the Commercial Aircraft business once his
current term as CEO of MTU Aero Engines is
concluded. Lars has extensive and relevant
industry experience, both as head of a major
supplier and as a former manager at Airbus.
This choice will ensure an orderly transition
for the Company’s largest business line in the
coming years. In addition, Carmen-Maja Rex
was recruited from Heidelberg Materials to
succeed Thierry Baril as the Company’s Chief
Human Resources Officer in 2025. The Board
is very grateful to Thierry for his many years
of service and dedication to the success
of Airbus.

René Obermann
Chairman of the Board
of Directors, Airbus SE

Guillaume Faury
Chief Executive Officer
Airbus SE

Victor Chu

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu
Chairman of Ethics,
Compliance and
Sustainability Committee

Mark Dunkerley

Stephan Gemkow

Catherine Guillouard
Chair of Audit Committee

Amparo Moraleda
Chair of Remuneration,
Nomination and
Governance Committee

Claudia Nemat

Irene Rummelhoff

Antony Wood

Dr. Feiyu Xu

Considering the industrial, commercial
and sustainability achievements that are
highlighted in this annual report, Airbus made
progress in 2024 despite various headwinds.
This, of course, would not have been possible
without the collective commitment of Airbus
employees worldwide. On behalf of the Board,
I salute them for their contributions to the
Company’s development.
René Obermann
Chairman of the Board

As of 1 January 2025

Audit Committee
Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee
Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

05

CEO interview

Progressing
with priorities
Guillaume Faury reflects on the Company’s
operational and financial performance
in 2024. He also highlights the main
priorities going forward.

Nevertheless, there were many operational
achievements, including the first deliveries
of the A321XLR after five years of development.
This innovative aircraft unlocks new market
opportunities and creates more value for our
customers by providing additional range. We
opened a new structure assembly facility in
Hamburg (Germany) to support the XLR’s
ramp-up and outside Europe we continued
with the development of new A320 Family final
assembly lines in Tianjin (China) and Mobile (US).
We also saw some key initial deliveries to new
operators of the A350 and A330.

What’s your overall assessment of 2024
for Airbus?
Looking back, 2024 was notable for the strong
order activity across Airbus that shows the
strength of our products and services in a
positive industry outlook. At the same time,
we faced many obstacles due to a complex
and fast-changing environment, but we found
a way through them by adapting and refocusing
our efforts.
Ultimately, we delivered on the guidance that
was revised during the year due to challenges
in the Space Systems business and supply
chain issues in commercial aircraft. This outcome
was only made possible by the dedication of
‘Team Airbus’ and our partners, with a strong
operational performance in the latter part of
the year getting us back on track.
Overall, we progressed with our key priorities,
be they enhancing our industrial set-up to
support rising commercial aircraft output,
transforming Defence and Space to improve
its competitiveness or decarbonising aviation.

We faced many obstacles
due to a complex and
fast-changing environment,
but we found a way
through them.”

How did the individual businesses perform?
In commercial aircraft, deliveries rose by 4% to
766, of which 269 were in the fourth quarter alone.
Behind these numbers was a rather dynamic
situation where we had to prioritise activities and
allocate our resources accordingly for the ramp-up.
This of course required very close collaboration
with our customers and suppliers.

Against a backdrop of robust global passenger
and cargo traffic, it was another solid year for
commercial aircraft sales following a record 2023.
We booked 826 net orders, which corresponds
to a book-to-bill ratio above 1, and ended the
year with a backlog of 8,658 aircraft. Many of
our existing customers reordered aircraft while
some expanded their portfolios of Airbus products.
There was also continued good momentum for our
widebodied jets, with 220 net orders in the year.
Helicopters meanwhile had an outstanding year
sales-wise, and recorded a solid operational
performance. With 450 net orders, the Division’s
book-to-bill ratio was above 1 both by units and
value amid positive momentum in civil and military
markets. Our Super Puma Family of helicopters
did particularly well, with major orders from the
German Ministry of the Interior and the Dutch
Ministry of Defence. Total deliveries increased
by around 4% to 361 helicopters. There were
some significant operational milestones for
platforms such as the NH90, while an industrial
agreement was signed to establish an assembly
line in India for the H125 light helicopter.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

06

CEO interview

Defence and Space achieved record order
intake for the second consecutive year, with
a book-to-bill of around 1.4. This was a good
achievement and shows we have the right
products and services for our customers.
We’ve also become more prudent with risk.
Furthermore, we completed an in-depth
technical review of our Space programmes
which incurred significant charges again in 2024.
Key contracts for the Division included the sale
of 25 additional Eurofighters to Spain and the
SATCOMBw 3 military communications satellite
system for Germany. On the operational side,
Kazakhstan received its first A400M and we
further expanded our international footprint
by inaugurating a C295 assembly line in India.
Additional important steps were taken during
the year to transform the Division’s business
and organisation to help it compete and operate
on a stronger footing.
How was the overall financial performance?
EBIT Adjusted, which measures our core
earnings, totalled € 5.4 billion compared to
€ 5.8 billion in 2023. This mainly reflected
the higher commercial aircraft deliveries and
Helicopters’ solid performance, but it was
weighed down by a total of € 1.3 billion of
charges related to Space programmes.
Free cash flow before customer financing
totalled € 4.5 billion. This reflects a good cash
performance across all our businesses.
Looking at the bottom line, net income
increased to € 4.2 billion from € 3.8 billion in
2023. These 2024 results and the prospects
for our future performance support the proposed
higher dividend payment of € 2.00 per share
(2023: € 1.80 per share) as well as a special
dividend of € 1.00 per share (2023: € 1.00
per share).

What are the top priorities for 2025
and the following years?
We want to serve our customers and meet
their requirements while maintaining our
strong market position company-wide.
Our core pillars of safety, quality, integrity,
compliance and security will remain at the
heart of all we do.
Operationally, our key short-term priorities
are clearly the commercial aircraft ramp-up
and progressing further with the transformation
of Defence and Space. We will continue to
shape our industrial system, including the
planned integration of Spirit AeroSystems
work packages, and prudently manage the
supply chain as we work to increase commercial
aircraft production. Meanwhile, the defence
and space sectors are being disrupted by
profound technological and geopolitical changes
and nimble new competitors. It’s therefore
vital that our Defence and Space business can
compete effectively in this evolving landscape.
These near-term objectives will support our
financial resilience that allows us to invest and
innovate going forward. This includes furthering
the decarbonisation of aerospace through
innovation and by improving the environmental
performance of our future products and
operations. We will continue to support the
take-up of sustainable aviation fuel worldwide
and progress on our hydrogen ambitions
for commercial aircraft. We want to ensure
aviation’s growth doesn’t come at the expense
of future generations.

Executive Committee
As of 1 January 2025

Guillaume Faury
Chief Executive Officer

Thierry Baril
Chief Human
Resources Officer

Bruno Even
Chief Executive Officer
Airbus Helicopters

John Harrison
General Counsel and
Head of Airbus Public Affairs

Catherine Jestin
Executive Vice President
Digital

Julie Kitcher
Chief Sustainability Officer
and Communications

Sabine Klauke
Chief Technology Officer

Florent Massou
dit Labaquère
Executive Vice President
Operations of the Commercial
Aircraft business

Philippe Mhun
Executive Vice President
Programmes and Services
of the Commercial
Aircraft business

Christian Scherer
Chief Executive Officer of
the Commercial Aircraft
business

Michael Schoellhorn
Chief Executive Officer
Airbus Defence and Space

Thomas Toepfer
Chief Financial Officer

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

07

Innovation
at Airbus
Reaching new
heights for
helicopters

Brice Makinadjian
Racer Chief Engineer
at Airbus Helicopters
“The underlying idea behind
this demonstrator is to test
innovations that will ultimately
help our operators fulfil their
missions, which are of vital
importance to society.
Delivering such a truly
pioneering project necessitates
each member of the team to
work to their best individually
and with each other. The Racer
is a shared accomplishment,
pioneering high speed to serve
society, taking us further, faster
and together.”

Balancing speed
and cost-efficiency with
mission performance
Racing to the future
Airbus Helicopters’ Racer took its first flight
in 2024 and true to its name, it did not take
long to get up to speed. In only seven flights,
it surpassed its speed objective of 400 km/h and
opened almost the entirety of its flight envelope.
A demonstrator developed as part of the Clean
Sky 2 research programme, the Racer flew past
its targets during initial flights.

Every improvement counts when every second counts
The Racer’s design offers the perfect balance between speed,
efficiency and performance, resulting in improved operational
efficiency for essential missions. In search and rescue missions,
when time is of the essence, or for getting to patients in need
of medical care – speed saves lives. The demonstrator acts as
a testbed to make progress on Airbus’ decarbonisation roadmap
by evaluating new features such as eco-mode, which improves
fuel efficiency by shutting down one of the helicopter’s engines
in cruise mode. Thanks to its aerodynamic configuration and
distinctive features, the Racer benefits from a 20% reduction
in fuel burn compared to the current generation of helicopters
with the same maximum take-off weight.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

08

Innovation at Airbus

New materials for
aircraft manufacturing
Studying the possibilities of using
thermoplastics in aircraft fuselages
Exploring thermoplastics
Part of the EU-backed Clean Sky 2 research programme, the
Multifunctional Fuselage Demonstrator (MFFD) was developed
and assembled by an Airbus-led consortium and aimed to study
innovative materials and disruptive manufacturing methods.
In particular, the MFFD assessed the viability of thermoplastic
polymers as a structural material. The demonstrator was
composed of upper and lower experimental fuselage modules
(mimicking an aircraft’s passenger deck and cargo hold)
that were made largely from thermoplastic composites.
Thermoplastics could lead to significant structural weight
savings, as they reduce the need for the weighty fasteners that
join conventional metallic fuselage sections together. They are
also mouldable at high temperatures and are simpler to reuse
and recycle than metallic or carbon fibre components.

York C. Roth
Leader of the Clean Sky 2
Large Passenger Aircraft
platform 2 at Airbus
“The Multifunctional
Fuselage Demonstrator
is a fantastic example of
what can be achieved when
academia and industry align
around a common objective.
One player alone could
not have delivered such
a complex large-scale
demonstrator.”

Design milestones
By the time the decade-long project concluded in late 2024, the MFFD had
overachieved on its weight-saving target, at neutral cost compared to a metallic
fuselage barrel. Over 40 innovative new technologies were tested to a high
level of readiness, from small-scale micromechanics (the study of composite
behaviour) to advanced actual-size welding techniques. MFFD’s disruptive
assembly methods could increase composite fuselage build rates, thereby
accelerating the growth of European aerospace manufacturing. And to close
out its positive results, the demonstrator won first prize in the Aerospace –
Parts category at the 2025 JEC Innovation Awards, which recognise innovation
in the global composites industry.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

09

Innovation at Airbus

Taking midair
refuelling to
the next level
The world’s first
automatic air-to-air
refuelling nighttime
flight test campaign

Expanding capabilities from dusk to dawn
In 2024, Airbus pushed the boundaries of
air-to-air refuelling technology with significant
advances in the A330 MRTT programme.
The Company carried out more than 500 tests for
automatic night refuelling using the boom system,
with the aim of reaching certification in 2025.
This builds on the success of the SMART MRTT
initiative with the Republic of Singapore Air Force,
which saw the certification of the world’s first
daytime automatic air-to-air refuelling capability
in 2022, which is now operational.

Preparing the A330 MRTT+ programme

María Ángeles Martí
Head of Tanker, Transport and Mission programmes
at Airbus Defence and Space
“With the A330 MRTT, it is true to say that we are standing
on the shoulders of giants. It all started 20 years ago
when a group of courageous people developed the first
in-flight boom refuelling system in the history of Airbus,
in what was then a single supplier market. Few could
have imagined that the A330 MRTT would become the
world’s leading air-to-air refuelling tanker.”

The A330 MRTT consolidated its market
leadership in 2024 and secured an order
for four aircraft from Saudi Arabia, bringing
the global fleet to 82 aircraft in 15 countries.
Airbus is now preparing the A330 MRTT+,
based on the more fuel-efficient A330neo
platform. Enhanced wings and engines are
expected to reduce fuel burn by up to 8%
and provide increased range and fuel offload
capacity for receivers. Ongoing developments
in advanced connectivity will enable the A330
MRTT+ to serve as a battlefield communications
hub in the future, enhancing its outstanding
multi-role capabilities.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

10

Innovation at Airbus

Advancing space
manufacturing capabilities
The world’s first 3D
metal printer for space

A game changer for
manufacturing metal parts in space
In 2024, the world’s first 3D metal printer for
space was tested on board the International
Space Station (ISS). Under a European
Space Agency (ESA) funded programme,
Airbus and its partners created a prototype
to demonstrate that printing metal parts
is suited to a microgravity environment.
To make this innovation a reality, the team had
to overcome a major miniaturisation challenge:
to reduce the printer, which on Earth would
take up several square metres, to the size of
a washing machine in order to fit inside the
rack on the ISS’ Columbus laboratory. Due to
the heat generated by the laser – reaching
temperatures of over 1,200°C degrees – safety
was a key driver. As a result, the printer sits in
a sealed metal box that acts like a safe, filtering
any fumes to prevent air contamination inside
the ISS. Gravity management was also an
important factor, which led the team to choose
wire-based printing technology. The first
sample was successfully printed in July 2024
and has been sent back to Earth for analysis.

Gwenaëlle Aridon
Head of Advanced Projects and
Robotics at Airbus Defence and Space
“The 3D metal printer will bring new on-orbit
manufacturing capabilities. Astronauts will be
able to directly manufacture metallic structural
parts instead of waiting for supply missions
to arrive from Earth. This is an important step
in preparing the technologies that humankind
will need to maintain a sustained presence on
the Moon. The potential is even more promising
considering that this 3D printer can use
recycled in-situ materials, such as dust from
the Moon or a satellite at the end of its life.”

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

11

Strategy

Guided by
our strategy
The updated Airbus
strategy is designed
to effectively address
challenges while ensuring
that value creation for
stakeholders remains at
the heart of everything
the Company does.
The strategy has been
rebased on the five core
priorities shown.

Resilience

Innovation

Sustainability

By optimising and de-risking the
Company’s end-to-end production
system while broadening the profit base.
Industrial and economic resilience are
key to operating in a volatile environment.

By preparing the upgrades of best-selling
products and the development of
breakthrough next-generation products.

By reducing the environmental footprint
of the Company’s activities, by offering
products and services which help nations
protect citizens, defend sovereignty and
advance global security, and by doing
business in a way that benefits society.

Focus

Scale

By adapting the Company’s portfolio
of activities and by further leveraging
the synergies and partnerships between
the three main businesses: at programme
level, at technology level, and at the
competencies level.

By fostering the development of
multinational alliances, joint ventures and
acquisitions, by leveraging dual civil/military
activities, and by strengthening Airbus’
global and European footprint.

For further details of the strategy, see the
Report of the Board of Directors 2024.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

12

Sustainability

Sustainability
in action
Commitment to the UN SDGs

Through its business activities and sustainability commitments, the Company
contributes to at least eight of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

Quality education
Ensure inclusive and equitable quality
education and promote lifelong learning
opportunities for all.

Responsible consumption and production
Ensure sustainable consumption and
production patterns.

Gender equality
Achieve gender equality and empower
all women and girls.

Climate action
Take urgent action to combat climate change
and its impacts.

Decent work and economic growth
Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable
economic growth, full and productive
employment and decent work for all.

Peace, justice and strong institutions
Promote peaceful and inclusive societies for
sustainable development, provide access to
justice for all and build effective, accountable
and inclusive institutions at all levels.

Industry, innovation and infrastructure
Build resilient infrastructure, promote
inclusive and sustainable industrialisation
and foster innovation.

Partnerships for the goals
Strengthen the means of implementation
and revitalise the global partnership for
Sustainable Development.

To support Airbus’ target to reduce near-term
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 63%
by 20301, a concrete objective is now included
in the collective variable remuneration of the CEO
and all executives, which takes into account the
reduction in CO2 emissions and also the rolling
lost time injury frequency rate (FR1).
In December 2024, Airbus SE was added to
the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index (DJSI),
which tracks the performance of the top 10%
of the 2,500 largest companies of the S&P Global
Broad Market Index in terms of sustainability.
Airbus’ purpose is to pioneer sustainable
aerospace for a safe and united world, which
positions it for the long-term future of the
aerospace industry. Airbus aims to pioneer
the solutions that will help to reduce the
environmental impact of aviation, by striving
to create more efficient products and to
deploy them most effectively. The Company
takes a holistic approach to sustainability
that recognises the interconnectedness of
environmental and social factors, and how
they interact in relation to Airbus’ employees,
products, operations and through its
supply chain.
The Company is committed to upholding
robust internal governance standards,
supported by clear targets and transparent
reporting to ensure accountability. Airbus
believes that responsible business practices
are central to building a robust and resilient
business that can thrive in the long term.

More detail on Airbus’ sustainability activities
is available in the Sustainability Statement,
pursuant to the EU’s Corporate Sustainability
Reporting Directive (CSRD), published as part
of the Report of the Board of Directors 2024.
Continuing to invest in SAF
In 2024, Airbus continued to focus on sustainable
aviation fuel (SAF) as a lever to reduce lifecycle
greenhouse gas emissions. To support this
objective, the Company has increased the use
of SAF in its own operations as well as making
strategic partnerships to promote the use of SAF,
facilitate the eventual emergence of an end-toend SAF ecosystem and support customers
to embrace SAF in their operations.
In 2024, in its own operations, the Company
increased the use of SAF for its own development
test flights and training to 18%. Airbus is progressing
towards its goal of using at least 30% SAF in
its operations by 2030.
1

Against a 2015 baseline.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

13

Sustainability

Elsewhere, the Company entered into several
strategic partnerships to support the adoption
of SAF. In July 2024, Airbus co-invested in the
Sustainable Aviation Fuel Financing Alliance
(SAFFA) investment fund, which aims to
accelerate the production of SAF. SAFFA is
focused on investing in SAF that is eligible for
RefuelEU or CORSIA certification. Airbus also
made a strategic investment in LanzaJet,
a leading sustainable fuels technology company
and producer. The investment will enable
LanzaJet to scale the production and deployment
of SAF produced from low carbon and sustainable
ethanol, made from renewable raw materials.
Airbus has partnered with easyJet and Wizz Air
to explore the use of SAF on several European
routes. In November 2024, Airbus launched a trial
with easyJet to deliver SAF to Toulouse-Blagnac
Airport, equivalent to operating easyJet’s flights
between Toulouse and Bristol on 30% SAF for
three months. In December, the Company also
signed an agreement with Wizz Air for a SAF
trial on two routes, providing technical guidance
and expertise to maximise the efficiency of SAF
integration across Wizz Air’s operations.
Reducing waste and improving
energy efficiency
The Company continued to advance its high5+
programme, which provides the overarching
framework for the reduction of environmental

Airbus continued to invest in its service and
end-of-life offering in 2024, with the opening
of the Airbus Lifecycle Services Centre in
Chengdu, China. The facility, a result of a joint
venture between Airbus, Tarmac Aerosave and
the City of Chengdu, alongside Satair, offers
solutions to manage various stages of the
lifecycle of an aircraft from aircraft storage to
maintenance, upgrades, conversions, dismantling
and recycling, and the controlled distribution
of used parts following dismantling.

impacts from Airbus’ operations. In 2024, an
interactive high5+ Cockpit tool was launched,
providing up-to-date data and insights into
progress against each of the reduction targets
within the programme: CO2 emissions, purchased
energy, water withdrawal, volatile organic
compound and air emissions, waste and raw
materials. The launch of this tool was part
of a broader initiative to improve the data and
reporting behind the Company’s environmental
footprint on its sites, facilitating better management
of resources, investment and planning for
future projects.

Supporting communities
In 2024, Airbus’ community impact programme
reached a number of milestones. Through Airbus’
corporate grants programme, the Company
supported over 30 projects in 12 countries,
partnering with non-profit organisations to address
local needs. Around 70% of the projects focused
on expanding access to STEM skills-building
pathways, with the remainder of the projects
creating access to essential infrastructure
and renewable energy solutions for
vulnerable communities.
The Airbus Foundation continued to unlock
access to Airbus products and services,
collaborating with established partners to
respond to emergencies and protracted crises,
and support conservation efforts. The Foundation
completed 17 humanitarian missions in 2024,
coordinating the provision of aircraft and helicopter

flight hours, transporting over 275 tonnes of
supplies on behalf of 20 organisations. The main
areas of need continued to be Burkina Faso,
Central African Republic and Sudan, with
missions also supported in Ethiopia, Kenya,
Lebanon and Zimbabwe. Around 49,000 km2
of satellite imagery was provided to six partner
organisations, with data covering 21 countries,
helping organisations to respond to forced
displacement resulting from protracted
humanitarian crises and environmental
emergencies, such as flooding.
Partnering with the Connected Conservation
Foundation on the Satellites for Biodiversity
Award, almost 16,000 km2 of satellite imagery
was provided to winning projects addressing
topics such as human-wildlife conflict, antipoaching and biodiversity conservation.
The Foundation, with the support of technical
expertise from Airbus Defence and Space, also
concluded the first phase of the Reforestation
Barometer project with the International Union
for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).
In December, the Company’s +impact employee
engagement platform surpassed € 1 million raised
(including Airbus matching) since its launch in
April 2022. More than 27,000 employees have
engaged with the platform in the same period,
supporting 870 causes.

Airbus works with a lifecycle perspective to
improve circularity and reduce waste. In 2024,
Airbus created a titanium revert loop, which
recycles titanium scraps and chips generated
by production activities at Airbus’ plants.
Through a partnership with Aubert & Duval,
these materials can be recycled and reinjected
into the aerospace supply chain, and ultimately
be allocated to Airbus programmes. The use of
secondary materials in the titanium production
process can reduce energy needs by up to
90% compared to processing virgin titanium.
Over 400 tonnes of titanium waste was able
to be recycled using this process in 2024.
Following the success of this pilot, the Company
is also exploring the creation of similar revert loops
for other critical raw materials, such as aluminium.
Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

14

Airbus
2024 key facts
• Deliveries rise 4% to 766 aircraft
• A321XLR deliveries begin
• Book-to-bill ratio above 1
• Good momentum for widebody aircraft
A total of 766 commercial aircraft were
delivered, with higher revenues and
earnings recorded. Order intake was solid,
while various operational milestones
were achieved.

Deliveries
(units)

Gross orders totalled 878 commercial aircraft
(2023: 2,319 aircraft), with net orders of 826
aircraft after cancellations (2023: 2,094 aircraft)
corresponding to a book-to-bill ratio by units
above 1. There was continued momentum for
widebody aircraft, with 220 net orders, which
complemented the Company’s leading position
in the single-aisle market.
Across all product ranges, the order backlog
comprised 8,658 commercial aircraft at the end
of 2024, compared with 8,598 at the end of 2023.
Commercial aircraft deliveries increased to
766 (2023: 735 aircraft), comprising 75 A220s,
602 A320 Family, 32 A330s and 57 A350s.
Revenues increased by 6% to € 50,646 million
(2023: € 47,763 million), mainly reflecting the
higher number of deliveries. Services activities
represented around 10% of external revenues.
EBIT Adjusted increased to € 5,093 million
(2023: € 4,818 million), with the positive impact
from higher deliveries being partially offset
by investments for preparing the future.

Operational developments

Following an extensive certification programme,
the first ever A321XLR was delivered and went
into service. The aircraft has a range of up
to 4,700 nautical miles and brings unique
capabilities in terms of range and economics.
The industrial set-up for the A321XLR progressed,
with the inauguration of a new structure assembly
line in Hamburg that supports the production
ramp-up.
Outside of Europe, work progressed on the
development of new A320 Family final assembly
lines in Tianjin, China, and Mobile, US. Airbus
is making all of its A320 Family sites capable
of producing the highly-popular A321 version.
To support the overall production ramp-up, the
last of six BelugaXL transport aircraft went into
service at Airbus.

Various initiatives were announced with partners
to help decarbonise aviation, including those
designed to increase the take-up and availability
of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF). Airbus focused
on increasing the use of SAF in its internal flight
operations.

Revenues
(€ million)

766

50,646

Net order intake
(units)

EBIT Adjusted
(€ million)

(2023: 735)

(2023: 47,763)

826

(2023: 2,094)

5,093
(2023: 4,818)

External revenues by activity
Platforms

10%

Services

90%

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

15

Airbus
Helicopters
2024 key events
• Delivery of 361 helicopters
• Book-to-bill ratio above 1
• Strong year for the Super Puma
• Progress with innovation projects
Airbus Helicopters had another successful
year, reporting strong order intake and
improved earnings. There were a number
of operational milestones and the focus
on innovation continued.

Deliveries
(units)

Revenues
(€ million)

(2023: 346)

(2023: 7,337)

361

7,941

Net order intake
(units)

EBIT Adjusted
(€ million)

(2023: 393)

(2023: 735)

450

818

External revenues by activity
Platforms
Services

46%

54%

Net order intake stood at 450 units
(2023: 393 units) and by value was € 10,071 million
(2023: € 8,597 million). This corresponds to
a book-to-bill ratio above 1 both in units and
value, demonstrating the strong demand for
the Division’s platforms and services. There was
a particularly good performance by the Super
Puma programme in the military, and civil and
parapublic markets. Notable orders for this
helicopter family included those for the German
Federal Police, the Japan Coast Guard and the
Dutch Ministry of Defence. Separately, the H145
and H145M programme welcomed a number
of new defence and security customers.
Deliveries increased to 361 units (2023: 346 units)
with the Division retaining its strong market position.
Revenues increased by 8% to € 7,941 million
(2023: € 7,337 million), reflecting the higher
deliveries, a solid performance across programmes
and growth in services. EBIT Adjusted increased
to € 818 million (2023: € 735 million), with similar
drivers as for revenues. The EBIT Adjusted profit
margin increased to 10.3% from 10.0% in 2023.

Operational progress

Airbus helicopters were widely used to support
disaster relief efforts such as those that followed
Hurricane Helene in the US and extensive
flooding in Valencia, Spain. There were various
operational milestones for existing programmes
and new development projects. On the NH90,
the Block 1 comprehensive upgrade was
launched while flight testing began for France’s
Special Forces Standard 2 configuration and the
first Standard 3 configuration delivery took place
to the Spanish Air Force. The H175 completed
a de-icing flight test campaign in Norway and
Canada as part of the certification process there,
while the H160 continued its progressive entry
into service around the world. Meanwhile, the
Flexrotor vertical take-off and landing uncrewed
aerial system (UAS) was integrated into the
Company’s portfolio.
The Division focused on supporting its customers
and growing its international footprint. An enhanced
facility was inaugurated in Oxford, UK, while an
agreement was made to establish an H125 final
assembly line in India, together with partner Tata.

The use of sustainable aviation fuel increased for
internal operations at key Airbus Helicopters sites.
The strong focus on innovation also continued
across the Division. Crewed and uncrewed
teaming capabilities were demonstrated with
the VSR700 UAS flying alongside conventional
crewed helicopters, while 2024 saw the first
flight of the Racer technology demonstrator.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

16

Airbus
Defence
and Space
2024 key facts
• Record order intake, book-to-bill ratio of 1.4
• Major military aircraft contracts
• India C295 FAL inaugurated
• EarthCARE satellite launched
It was another year of record order inflow
for the Division, while earnings reflected
further charges in the Space Systems
business. There were various operationaland innovation-related milestones.

Net order intake
(€ million)

Order book
(€ million)

(2023: 15,701)

(2023: 42,195)

Revenues
(€ million)

EBIT Adjusted
(€ million)

Airbus Defence and Space’s net order intake
stood at € 16,710 million (2023: € 15,701 million),
corresponding to a book-to-bill ratio of around
1.4. Key contracts included Spain’s order for
25 additional Eurofighter combat aircraft and
Saudi Arabia’s order for four more A330 MRTTs.
Two strategic A400M contracts were signed
with procurement organisation OCCAR, covering
global support services and the supply of
enhanced capabilities. Germany’s armed forces,
the Bundeswehr, awarded Airbus the SATCOMBw
3 prime contract for its next-generation secure
military satellite system, while a contract was
received from Eutelsat to build the extension of
its OneWeb low Earth orbit satellite constellation.
Revenues increased 5% to € 12,082 million
(2023: € 11,495 million), mainly driven by the
Air Power business. EBIT Adjusted decreased
to € -566 million (2023: € 229 million), reflecting
charges of € 1.3 billion mainly linked to updated
estimates at completion following the technical
review of Space programmes.

Operational events

A total of seven A400M military airlifters were
delivered, including the first of two aircraft for
Kazakhstan. Airbus and partner Tata inaugurated
the final assembly line complex for C295 aircraft
production in Vadodara, Gujarat, marking a major
milestone for India’s aerospace and defence
industry. The Airbus-led Eurodrone programme
successfully performed the Preliminary Design
Review while work between industry and the
nations moved forward on the Future Combat
Air System programme as part of the Phase 1B
contract. Meanwhile, the Airbus-built EarthCARE
satellite was launched on its mission to examine
the role clouds and aerosols play in regulating
Earth’s climate. Other launches included the
Airbus-built geostationary telecommunications
satellite, EUTELSAT 36D.

The Division continued its strong focus on
innovation, with notable achievements including
the testing of groundbreaking automatic nighttime
midair refuelling with the A330 MRTT. In addition,
the first 3D metal printer for space was tested
aboard the International Space Station. Further
flight testing was carried out with an A400M
roll-on, roll-off firefighting prototype kit that is
capable of dropping 20 tonnes of retardant.
Airbus military aircraft were used in humanitarian
missions such as those following the cyclone
that hit the French island of Mayotte to the north
of Madagascar.

16,710 46,803
12,082 -566

(2023:
11,495) structure (2023: 229)
Shareholding
As of 31 December 2024

External
revenues by activity
4%
11%

Platforms

11%

Services

33%
74%

67%

Free float1
SOGEPA (French State)
GZBV (German State)
SEPI (Spanish State)

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

17

CFO interview

Focused
on objectives
Thomas Toepfer provides further insight on
the Company’s financial performance during
2024, including a focus on underlying earnings
and free cash flow.
How would you sum up 2024 from your
perspective as CFO?
It was not the most straightforward of years if we
consider all the moving parts. There were various
challenges that had a direct impact on our financial
performance and meant we had to adapt our
planning during the year.
Ultimately, we were able to achieve the revised
guidance that we presented to the markets at
around the mid-year point. This was, of course,
thanks largely to the significant efforts of the
Airbus teams worldwide.
What drove the core financial performance
in 2024?
Beginning with the topline, our consolidated
revenues rose 6% year-on-year to € 69.2 billion.
This improvement largely reflects the higher
deliveries of commercial aircraft and helicopters
as well as increased volume in the Air Power
business of Defence and Space. We invested
some € 3.3 billion into research and development,
which is roughly the same level as in 2023.

EBIT Adjusted, which is one element of our
guidance, decreased to € 5.4 billion from
€ 5.8 billion in 2023. To explain this trend,
you should first recall that 2023 benefited from
progress made on compliance topics which
allowed us to release provisions of € 0.1 billion,
while on the other hand, there were charges
on certain Space programmes of € 0.6 billion.
In 2024, the increased commercial aircraft
deliveries were partially offset by investments
to prepare the future and a slightly less
favourable hedge rate. This underlying
performance was also supported by the positive
contribution from Helicopters. Of course, the
most significant driver of the year-on-year
change in EBIT Adjusted were the charges
of € 1.3 billion related to Space programmes.
Throughout 2024 we performed the
comprehensive technical review of all concerned
Space programmes, which was completed as
planned. Under this extensive and profound
exercise, our teams went through each programme
which led to revised assumptions and importantly
lowered the risk profile going forward, in a sector
that remains inherently complex and faces
tougher competition. Here, we need to focus
on delivering on our commitments and continue
being selective in the contract bidding process.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

18

CFO interview

Revenues (€ million)

69,230
(2023: 65,446)

EBIT Adjusted (€ million)

5,354
(2023: 5,838)

EBIT Reported (€ million)

5,304
(2023: 4,603)

Net income (€ million)

4,232

How were the reported earnings?
Reported EBIT totalled € 5.3 billion once the
relatively minor net Adjustments of € -50 million
are included. The largest Adjustments in 2024
were the € 101 million positive mechanical impact
related to the dollar working capital mismatch
and balance sheet revaluation, and a charge
of € 121 million on the A400M programme.
This new A400M charge mainly reflects updated
assumptions regarding a new contract amendment
with the programme’s launch nations and OCCAR
and risk in the production plan.
The financial result of € 121 million mainly reflects
the revaluation of certain equity investments and
the evolution of the US dollar, but this was partially
offset by the interest result and revaluation of
financial instruments. Once we include income
tax, we reported a net income of € 4.2 billion
(2023: € 3.8 billion), resulting in reported earnings
per share of € 5.36 compared to € 4.80 in 2023.

Reported earnings per share1 (€)

5.36
(2023: 4.80)

What are your priorities for 2025?
In a nutshell, we need to focus our efforts on
achieving our objectives for the year. This means
good discipline both from an operational sense
but also ensuring we’re efficient in how we
conduct our daily business.

Free cash flow before customer financing (€ million)

4,463
(2023: 4,532)

FY2024 average number of shares 789,961,671 compared to 788,720,779
in FY2023.

We saw an increase in our capital expenditure
to € 3.7 billion from € 3.1 billion in 2023.
This upturn reflects the important investments
we are making to enhance and upgrade our
industrial system and also a change in development
cost capitalisation. We returned € 2.2 billion to
our shareholders for the previous year’s dividend
payments and ended 2024 with a net cash position
of € 11.8 billion compared to € 10.7 billion at the
end of 2023.
This net cash level, together with the financial
results and our confidence in the future financial
performance, supports our proposal to pay
a higher dividend and a special dividend.
Importantly, our liquidity remains strong, standing
at around € 35 billion at the end of 2024.

(2023: 3,789)

1

Can you explain the drivers of the
cash performance?
Free cash flow before customer financing, which
is another part of the guidance, totalled € 4.5 billion
in 2024 (2023: € 4.5 billion). This outcome mainly
reflects the level of deliveries and the good
momentum across all the businesses that resulted
in healthy pre-delivery payment inflows, while the
planned inventory build up is linked to the production
ramp-up. The A400M programme continued
to weigh on the free cash flow performance.

Ultimately, we were able
to achieve the revised
guidance that we presented
to the markets.”

The finance function will play its role in
supporting the ramp-up in commercial aircraft
and the ongoing reshaping of Defence and
Space. Having a healthy balance sheet means
we can pursue our shorter-term goals such
as reshaping our industrial set-up and fund
our ambitions to decarbonise aviation.
Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

19

Share information

Share price evolution
130%

The Airbus SE share price experienced
volatility during 2024, rising 11% and closing
out the year at € 154.78.
In January, the Company’s share price was
supported by the 2023 orders and deliveries
announcement. Following the 2023 earnings
release in February, the share price had an initial
negative reaction. This was attributed to a slight
disappointment linked to the profitability of the
Commercial Aircraft business in Q4 2023 as well
as the market’s perception of the 2024 guidance
being conservative. This negative sentiment
was reversed shortly after, and together with the
overall rise of equity markets driven by optimism
over the economy and interest rate cuts in 2024,
the share price was lifted to a then record high
on 27 March (closing price € 170.55).
The second quarter started with a weak
performance of equity markets, driven by
profit-taking in the first half of April and continued
geopolitical tensions across the globe. Global
stocks rebounded in May, largely driven by the
US market. The positive trend in the US extended
to June, while European and other equity markets
traded sideways. In this context and amid reports
of production delays and continued supply chain
challenges, the share price retreated. In June,
the Company’s shares widened their losses,
initially due to political uncertainty in France,
then followed by a major drop resulting from the
2024 guidance update and the announcement
of adjustments to the ramp-up trajectory.
During the third quarter, the Company’s share price
remained volatile. It had an initial positive reaction
following the H1 2024 earnings release, which
exceeded market expectations. However, the
share price was also affected by the general
macroeconomic environment in August, fluctuating
broadly in line with the market. In early September,
the Airbus SE share price was initially weighed
down by uncertainty surrounding an in-flight

failure of an A350 engine component, lower
than expected commercial aircraft deliveries
in August and engine manufacturers’
comments on output, and Q3 outlook
challenges. The evolution of the A350 engine
component situation, with the incident not
being declared an immediate safety risk
and rather tied to maintenance procedures,
contributed to reversing the negative sentiment.
The fourth quarter started with an overall weak
performance in equity markets, impacted by
escalations of the conflict in the Middle East.
However, the negative sentiment was
reversed by easing inflation pressures,
which strengthened market expectations
of a continued path of interest rate cuts from
central banks. In parallel, the Company’s share
price outperformed, first reacting positively to
the announcement of the Airbus Defence and
Space workforce adaptation plan, and then
to the better-than-anticipated nine-month
2024 financial results.
While the US market rallied following the
outcome of the US presidential elections,
European markets were weighed down by the
potential adverse impact of more protectionist
trade policies that may be implemented by
the new administration. In this context,
the Company’s share price continued to
outperform, supported in part by the decision
of engine manufacturers to divert some A320
engines from the aftermarket to Airbus and by
a solid level of commercial aircraft deliveries
in November, which reassured the market
on the year-end delivery target.
With a performance of +11% in 2024, Airbus SE
shares outperformed the CAC 40 index (-2%)
but underperformed the DAX 40 index (+19%)
and the broader aerospace and defence
sector (MSCI World Aerospace and Defence
Index +18%).

120%

110%

100%

90%

80%
Jan
2024

Feb
2024

Airbus SE

Mar
2024

CAC 40 Index

Shareholding structure
As of 31 December 2024
11%

Apr
2024

May
2024
DAX 40 Index

Jun
2024

Jul
2024

Aug
2024

Sep
2024

Oct
2024

Nov
2024

Dec
2024

MSCI World Aerospace and Defence Index

Annual General Meeting:

15 April 2025

4%

11%

74%

Free float1
SOGEPA (French State)
GZBV (German State)
SEPI (Spanish State)

1

Includes shares held
by the Company itself.

E-mail: ir@airbus.com
Website: www.airbus.com

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

20

Safe Harbour Statement
This document includes forward-looking
statements. Words such as “anticipates”,
“believes”, “estimates”, “expects”, “intends”,
“plans”, “targets”, “projects”, “may” and similar
expressions are used to identify these forwardlooking statements. Examples of forward-looking
statements include statements made about
strategy, production ramp-up and delivery
schedules, introduction of new products and
services and market expectations, as well as
statements regarding future performance,
prospects and outlook. By their nature, forwardlooking statements involve risk and uncertainty
because they relate to future events and
circumstances and there are many factors that
could cause actual results and developments
to differ materially from those expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements.

• Legal, financial and governmental risks related
to international transactions or affecting global
trade (e.g. tariffs);
• Legal and investigatory proceedings and other
economic, political and technological risks
and uncertainties;
• Changes in societal expectations and regulatory
requirements about climate change;
• The lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic;
and
• Aggravation of adverse geopolitical events,
including the war in Ukraine (and the resulting
export control restrictions and sanctions),
and conflicts or rising military tensions around
the world.

These factors include but are not limited to:
• Changes in general economic, political or market
conditions, including the cyclical nature of some
of the Company’s businesses;
• Significant disruptions in air travel (including
as a result of the spread of disease or
terrorist attacks);
• Disruptions to the Company’s industrial
operations and/or supply chain, whether due to
economic or geopolitical factors or other threats
(including physical or cyber security threats);
• Currency exchange rate fluctuations, in
particular between the Euro and the US dollar;
• The successful execution of internal
performance plans, including cost reduction
and productivity efforts;
• Product performance risks, as well as programme
development and management risks;
• Customer, supplier and subcontractor
performance or contract negotiations, including
financing issues;
• Competition and consolidation in the aerospace
and defence industry;
• Significant collective bargaining labour disputes;
• The outcome of political and legal processes,
including the availability of government financing
for certain programmes and the size of defence
and space procurement budgets;
• Research and development costs in connection
with new products;

For more information about the impact of the war
in Ukraine and the impact of the Macroeconomic
Environment, see note 2 “Geopolitical and
Macroeconomic Environment” of the Notes
to the Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial
Statements for the twelve-month period ended
31 December 2024 published 20 February 2025
(the “Financial Statements”). For more information
about factors that could cause future results
to differ from such forward-looking statements,
please refer to Airbus SE’s most recent annual
reports, including the Report of the Board of
Directors published on 20 February 2025 (and
including the most recent Risk Factors), the
Financial Statements and the Notes thereto.
Any forward-looking statement contained in this
document speaks as of the date of this document.
Airbus SE undertakes no obligation to publicly
revise or update any forward-looking statement
in light of new information, future events
or otherwise.

As a result, Airbus SE’s actual results may differ
materially from the plans, goals and expectations
set forth in such forward-looking statements.

Image credits
Cover © Airbus Helicopters 2024/Thierry Rostang
Inside cover © Airbus SAS 2024
p.2 © Airbus SAS 2024
p.3 © Airbus SAS 2024, © Jean Marie Urlacher,
© Airbus Defence and Space SAU 2024/Juanjo
Sanz – Mango Productions, © Airbus Helicopters
p.4 © Airbus SAS 2024
p.5 © Airbus SAS 2024, © Airbus SAS 2021,
© Airbus SAS
p.6 © Airbus SAS 2025
p.7 © Airbus SAS 2024, © Airbus SAS 2019,
Airbus SAS
p.8 © Airbus Helicopters 2024/Eric Raz – IMAGINR
p.9 © Fraunhofer IFAM, © NLR (Netherlands
Aerospace Center), © JEC
p.10 © Airbus Defence and Space, © RAF/
Geoffrey Lee, © Mango Productions
p.11 © NASA, © ESA
p.12 © Airbus 2021
p.13 © Airbus SAS 2024
p.14 © Airbus 2021, © Airbus Defence and
Space 2024
p.15 © Airbus SAS 2024
p.16 © Airbus Helicopters 2024/Anthony Pecchi,
© Airbus Helicopters 2021/Lloyd Horgan
p.17 © Airbus Defence and Space SAU 2024,
© Airbus 2024
p.18 © Airbus SAS 2025
p.20 © Airbus SAS 2024

Design and production
Design Bridge and Partners
www.designbridge.com

All rights reserved.

Rounding disclaimer
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not
add up precisely to the totals provided and
percentages may not precisely reflect the
absolute figures.

Airbus Annual Report Overview 2024

21

Airbus Annual Report 2024

Report of the
Board of Directors
2024
(Issued as of 19 February 2025)

This document is an unaudited PDF format version of the Board Report and is not the original report
included in the audited financial report pursuant to Article 361 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and as
specified in the Regulatory Technical Standards on ESEF (Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815).
The ESEF-compliant Annual Financial Report of Airbus SE, which includes the Board Report, for the year
ended 31 December 2024 has been filed with the AFM in XHTML format and is available on the AFM’s
website: (https://www.afm.nl/en/sector/registers/meldingenregisters/financiele-verslaggeving) as well as on
Airbus SE's website (https://www.airbus.com/en/investors/annual-reports).
In any case of discrepancies between this ‘PDF format’ and the ‘XHTML format’, the XHTML format prevails.

Contents
1

2

3

Information on the Company’s Activities

3

1.1

Overview

4

1.2

Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)

7

1.3

Airbus Helicopters

16

1.4

Airbus Defence and Space

21

1.5

Other Corporate Activities

29

Corporate Governance

37

2.1

Board of Directors

38

2.2

Executive Committee

47

2.3

Remuneration Report

48

2.4

Dutch Corporate Governance Code

60

2.5

Miscellaneous

61

Risk Management and Internal Controls

63

3.1

Risk Factors

64

3.2

Enterprise Risk Management System

75

3.3

Insurance

77

3.4

Internal Control

78

3.5

Internal Audit

79

4 	General Information on the Company
and its Share Capital

5

6

7

81

4.1

Description of the Share Capital

82

4.2

Shareholding and Voting Rights

83

4.3

Share Price Performance 2024

92

4.4

Dividends

93

4.5

Taxation

94

Financial Information

97

5.1

Financial Performance

99

5.2

Information on Airbus SE Auditors

103

Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement

105

6.1

General Information

106

6.2

Environmental Information

140

6.3

Social Information

179

6.4

Governance Information

205

Vigilance Plan

215

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

1

Dear shareholders,
This is the Report of the Board of Directors (the “Board Report“) on the
activities of Airbus SE during the 2024 financial year, prepared in
accordance with Dutch law. Airbus SE is a European public limited‑liability
company (Societas Europaea) with its seat in Amsterdam, the
Netherlands, its registered address at Mendelweg 30, 2333 CS Leiden,
the Netherlands, and it is registered with the Dutch Commercial Register
(Handelsregister) under number 24288945. Airbus SE, together with its
subsidiaries, is referred to herein as the “Company“ or “Airbus”. Airbus SE
is listed in France, Germany and Spain.
The Company operates in three segments: Airbus (which includes the
Commercial Aircraft business) and the two divisions, Airbus Defence and
Space and Airbus Helicopters. In this Board Report “Airbus” may be used
to refer to the Company, and in context it may refer specifically to the
Airbus segment. Airbus SE itself does not engage in the core aerospace,
defence or space business of the Company, however as the parent
company, Airbus SE conducts activities which are essential to the
Company’s activities and which are an integral part of the overall
management of the Company. In particular, Airbus SE sets and controls
objectives and approves major decisions of the Company, including by
coordinating related businesses, providing services or procuring the
provision of services to its subsidiaries, and pursuing financing activities in
support of the business activities and strategy of the Company. For a
visual overview of the Company’s organisation, please refer to the
simplified structure chart in the “Appendix” to the Notes to the
Financial Statements.
For further information regarding the Company’s business and operations,
finances and results, risks, please refer to the Company’s IFRS
Consolidated Financial Statements published 19 February 2025 and the
Company’s other annual, quarterly and ad-hoc announcements and
releases relating to the Company’s business, operations, finances and
results, in each case available through the Company’s website:
www.airbus.com.
References to the “IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements” or
“Financial Statements” and the “Notes to the IFRS Consolidated
Financial Statements” or “Notes to the Financial Statements”
respectively refer to the Company’s consolidated financial information
prepared in accordance with International Reporting Standards, and the
accompanying notes thereto, published 19 February 2025, and available
through the “investors” section of the Company’s website: https://www.
airbus.com/en/investors.
This Board Report includes forward-looking statements. Words such as
“anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “expects”, “intends”, “plans”,
“targets”, “projects”, “may” and similar expressions are used to identify
these forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking
statements include statements made about the Company’s strategy,

2

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

introduction of new products and services, market expectations,
production ramp-up and delivery schedules and other developments, as
well as statements regarding the Company’s future performance,
prospects and outlook.
Forward-looking statements may be based on analyses or forecasts of
future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. By their
nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because
they relate to future events and circumstances, and there are many
factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ
materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements represent the view of the
Company only as of the dates they are made, and the Company disclaims
any obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as may be
otherwise required by law.
The forward-looking statements in this Board Report involve known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the
Company’s actual future results, performance and achievements to differ
materially from those forecasted or suggested herein. These include
changes in general economic and business conditions, the factors
described under Section 3.1 “Risk Factors”, and other facts or future
developments or conditions not presently known to the Company.
Due to the nature of the markets in which the Company operates and the
confidential nature of its businesses, any statements with respect to the
Company’s competitive position contained herein have been based on the
Company’s internal information sources, unless another source has
been specified.
All statements made in this Board Report are made as of the date hereof,
unless specifically otherwise noted. The information included and
presented in this Board Report is believed by the Company to be accurate
and complete as of the date hereof, and the Company disclaims any
obligation to update such information, except as may be otherwise
required by law. Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout this
Board Report and other documents may not add up precisely to the totals
provided, and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

1. Information on the Company’s Activities

1

Information
on the Company’s
Activities
1.1

Overview

4

1.2

Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)

7

1.3

Airbus Helicopters

16

1.4

Airbus Defence and Space

21

1.5

Other Corporate Activities

29

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

3

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.1 Overview

1.1 Overview
Airbus pioneers sustainable aerospace for a safe and united world. The
Company constantly innovates to provide efficient and technologicallyadvanced solutions in aerospace, defence, and connected services. In
commercial aircraft, Airbus designs and manufactures modern and
fuel-efficient airliners and associated services. Airbus is also a European
leader in space systems, defence and security. In helicopters, Airbus
provides efficient civil and military rotorcraft solutions and
services worldwide.
2024 was a testing year for the Company, in which it adapted to
challenging circumstances and refocused its efforts on key priorities, such
as the commercial aircraft production ramp-up and the transformation of
Defence and Space. The Company achieved a strong level of order intake
across its businesses in 2024, and continues to focus on profitable growth
and its decarbonisation ambition.

1.1.1 Strategy
1.1.1.1 Navigating a complex environment
In recent years, the global economy encountered a series of
unprecedented challenges, beginning with the global coronavirus
pandemic in 2020. Since then, the world has transitioned into a period
characterised by increasing complexity and heightened uncertainty. This
new phase has been shaped by a convergence of several factors: shifting
geopolitical dynamics, economic instability and political uncertainty. First,
geopolitical tensions have intensified globally, with a resurgence of armed
conflicts, such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in 2022 and conflicts in the
Middle East. These tensions, combined with the lingering impacts of the
COVID-19 pandemic have led to greater economic volatility, marked by
inflationary pressures and new tensions in supply chains. Finally, political
uncertainty is rising in western countries with increasingly polarised
political landscapes in many nations, and an increased fragmentation of
the world. Collectively, these forces have created an environment that
demands agility, resilience and innovative strategies.

1.1.1.2	Addressing new strategic challenges
Delivering on a record order book

Airbus’ backlog reached a record level of 8,658 commercial aircraft at the
end of 2024, reflecting continued strong market demand and customer
trust. It is Airbus’ responsibility to now meet these commitments, in a
timely manner, through a disciplined ramp-up and delivery excellence.

Remaining a leader in innovation in aerospace and defence

The Company strives to develop and bring innovative solutions to market.
In the commercial aerospace market, innovation is needed to continue to
make aviation safer and more competitive, while reducing its climate
impact. In defence, accelerated changes in the operating environment,
new threats, and the fast progress of technologies such as AI, autonomy,
quantum systems and advanced materials all call for new generations of
products and major upgrades of the Company’s core platforms.

The need for a united Europe

Europe needs to invest in its defence and security against greatly
increased threats, and needs sovereign capabilities to have the strategic
autonomy to defend its people, interests and values. Large and complex
capabilities can be more efficiently developed and built at a European
scale, yet the European defence and space segment remains largely
fragmented. If aggregated, European countries’ defence spending would

4

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

represent the second largest defence budget in the world, but its
dispersion at the national level does not allow for effective scaling in the
industry. As emphasised by former ECB President and Italian Prime
Minister Mario Draghi in the ”Report on the future of European
competitiveness” (September 2024), consolidation of spending and
selective integration of industrial capacity would support scaling up, and
would foster standardisation and interoperability. The Company is eager to
support the development of multi-national collaborations, and to
contribute to their success and their contribution to European sovereignty
in a similar vein to MBDA, NHIndustries and ArianeGroup.

1.1.1.3 Focusing on value creation
To build a resilient business, Airbus focuses its efforts, in all areas of the
organisation, on value creation for all stakeholders: customers, employees
and partners, shareholders, and society at large. Through these strategic
axes, Airbus is positioned to not only navigate current challenges but also
to set a trajectory for sustained growth, bold innovation, and positive
impact in the years ahead.

Enhancing value for customers

The commitment to deliver excellence to customers is a primary driver of
the Company’s approach. In pursuit of this commitment, Airbus is scaling
up production and boosting industrial resilience, while continuing to
deliver best-in-class products and customer services that it continually
works to improve, while continuing to give the highest priority to aviation
safety and security.

Enhancing value for employees and partners

No company can achieve its objectives without the passion, creativity and
dedication of its employees, as well as the important contributions of its
suppliers and industrial partners. As Airbus works to build further on what
has been achieved so far, continuing to deliver quality products and
services in line with customers’ demands and constantly striving for
improvement is not only a guiding principle, but also fosters an
environment that serves to attract and retain the talents needed to
continue this trajectory. Airbus is aiming to provide these individuals with
the opportunity to contribute to exciting and cutting-edge projects, and to
pursue the future of aerospace while experiencing varied and fulfilling
careers in a safe and inclusive environment.

Enhancing value for shareholders

In the context of the production ramp up, the Company is targeting
sustainable growth in earnings and cash flows, and to increase
shareholder returns, while continuing to invest in preparing the future with
continued support from its shareholders.

Enhancing value for society

As an industry leader, Airbus has a responsibility to drive social value and
social impact. This commitment shapes its approach to sustainability,
ethics, and people by championing a sustainable aerospace industry,
upholding integrity, safety, quality, compliance and security, and
empowering people as its core strength.

1.1.1.4 Focusing on five core strategic priorities
As a result of the various challenges and evolutions mentioned above,
while Airbus’ purpose remains to pioneer sustainable aerospace for a safe
and united world, the Company has refined five core strategic priorities.

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.1 Overview

1
These priorities are designed to effectively address these challenges
while ensuring that value creation for all the stakeholders remains at the
heart of everything Airbus does:
• Resilience (a robust industrial system and broad profit base)
• Innovation (improve existing products, develop next generation)
• Sustainability (continue to pioneer sustainable aerospace)
• Focus (on core strengths and synergies)
• Scale (leverage the Company’s leading position in European
aerospace)

Resilience: a robust industrial system and broad profit base

Strengthen the industrial system
Consistently and efficiently meeting rising demand for Airbus products
requires both further optimising and de-risking of end-to-end production
processes and increasing overall operational robustness. In addition,
Airbus introduces new automation technologies when these technologies
can enhance safety, increase throughput and improve competitiveness.
Scaling up commercial aircraft production to reach the targeted monthly
production rates is a central objective for the Company. As these efforts
naturally depend on the performance of the entire supply chain, the
Company is committed to continue supporting it.
Ensure that all Airbus businesses support the profit base
Besides improving its industrial performance, the Company also aims to
improve its economic resilience. All programmes and businesses across
the three divisions must contribute to the overall profit base. Additionally,
the Company believes that services activities, which are naturally linked to
the Company’s products, can evolve to contribute more significantly
toward the Company’s economic performance over the coming years.

Innovation: improve existing products, develop next generation
Keep improving on success
Airbus continuously enhances its existing products to better align with
customers’ expectations. Additionally, it expands its portfolio by
introducing new variants to its best-selling products, broadening their
applications and ensuring a better fit for diverse customer needs. For an
overview of recent improvements in the Company’s various products,
please refer to Sections 1.2 ”Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)”, 1.3 ”Airbus
Helicopters”, 1.4 ”Airbus Defence and Space” and 1.5.2 ”Research
and Technology”.

Develop breakthrough next generation products
At the heart of its product evolution, the Company is targeting the
development of a next generation single-aisle aircraft, aiming to deliver
increased efficiency and to further optimise performance. In parallel, the
Company continues to invest towards maturing the technologies
necessary to eventually bring a commercially viable, fully electric,
hydrogen-powered commercial aircraft into service. To maintain a
leadership position across all segments, the Company’s goal of pioneering
next generation products and solutions also applies to helicopters and
defence and space capabilities. Initiatives such as the Next Generation
Rotorcraft Capability, Unmanned Aerial Systems and the Future Combat
Air System illustrate the Company’s focused pursuit toward developing
and applying technological advancements in aerospace. For further
information on these topics please refer to Sections 1.2 ”Airbus
(Commercial Aircraft)”, 1.3 ”Airbus Helicopters”, 1.4 ”Airbus Defence and
Space” and 1.5.2 ”Research and Technology”.

Sustainability: continuing to pioneer sustainable aerospace

Airbus’ commitment to sustainability
Airbus is driven by its purpose: to pioneer sustainable aerospace for a safe
and united world. This pioneering spirit has powered the Company for
more than fifty years, propelling it to a leading position in the aerospace
industry and positioning Airbus for the long-term.
Airbus takes a holistic approach to sustainability, recognising the
interconnectedness of environmental and social matters, as well as their
impact on the wider economy. In line with its purpose, the Company aims
to pioneer solutions toward helping to reduce the environmental impact of
aerospace. Airbus is working to contribute to the decarbonisation of the
aerospace industry, by constantly innovating to create more fuel efficient
products, and working toward their effective deployment. The Company
continues to progress towards its targeted reductions in Scope 1 and 2
emissions, as well as the portion of Scope 3 emissions which are under its
direct control.
Airbus’ high5+ programme aims to reduce the Company’s environmental
footprint in its manufacturing activities. The Company’s targets include
reducing purchased energy by 20%, reducing the amount of waste
produced by 20%, reducing water withdrawal by 25%, and keeping the
Company’s emissions of volatile organic compounds (VOC) at current
levels (even as the industrial ramp-up progresses). All targets are for 2030,
against a 2015 baseline. Progress against these targets, which track CO2
emissions, energy consumption, water withdrawal, air emissions and
waste can be found below in Section 6.2.2.6 ”Sustainability Statement
-ESRS E1 Climate change - Targets (E1-4)”.
An overview of the Company’s decarbonisation levers can be found under
Section 6.2.2.5 ”Sustainability Statement -Action and resources
(E1‑3) - Mitigation”.
Airbus’ commitment to society, which includes acting ethically and fairly
as an employer, within the Company’s own supply chain and in the wider
communities where it has an impact, is intrinsically linked to the
aforementioned environmental considerations. The products and services
Airbus offers to governments and public bodies allow its customers to
protect citizens, defend sovereignty and advance global security.
Airbus is committed to upholding robust internal governance standards,
supported by clear targets and transparent reporting to create
accountability. The Company believes that responsible business practices
are central to building a robust and resilient business that can thrive over
the long term.
Making targeted catalyst investments in alternative fuels
While the sustainable aviation fuel (”SAF”) ecosystem is still in its infancy
(2024 production reached over 1.3 billion litres, yet only represented
0.3% of all aviation fuel), the Company believes that SAF has the
potential to contribute significantly to the aviation sector’s long-term
aspirational decarbonisation goal of reaching ”net zero carbon emissions
by 2050”. The Company is engaged in promoting the use of SAF, to
facilitate the eventual emergence of an end-to-end SAF ecosystem. To
this end the Company is using SAF in its own operations and working to
create supply and stimulate demand, to support customers in embracing
SAF in their operations, and to facilitate the emergence of new SAF
production technologies.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

5

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.1 Overview

Paving the way towards hydrogen-powered commercial aviation
Airbus believes hydrogen based propulsive technology holds promise to
contribute to the decarbonisation of aerospace over the longer term. The
Company continues to invest in maturing the key technologies of a future
hydrogen powered aircraft, and continues to work to develop the
ecosystem toward a maturity level that would eventually permit its
ambition to bring a commercially viable, fully electric, hydrogen-powered
commercial aircraft into service. For further information on this topic
please refer to Section 1.2 ”Airbus (Commercial Aircraft) –Strategy”.
Addressing the full life cycle of the Company’s products
Airbus was among the first to embrace aircraft decommissioning and
recycling. As a shareholder in Tarmac Aerosave, the Company helped to
establish proven methods for decommissioning, dismantling and recycling
its entire product range, with up to 90% of an airplane eligible for reuse or
recycling. Building on its leadership position, Airbus continued in 2024 to
expand its end-of-life services with the opening of the Airbus Lifecycle
Services Centre in Chengdu (China).

Focus: on Airbus’ aerospace DNA and foster
cross-divisional synergies

While staying true to the core competencies of aerospace, where the
Company focuses its resources, innovation and development, adjacent
areas and businesses (such as, for example, digital technologies) enable
the pursuit of further innovations. The Company aims to continue to
leverage synergies among its three main businesses and at programme
level, to introduce new or updated products that meet customer demand
in a similar vein to the A330 Multi Role Tanker Transport (MRTT) which is a
striking symbol of what the Company can achieve by combining the full
span of its internal strengths. By mobilising existing expertise across its
divisions, by developing new competencies, and by offering career
opportunities to attract and retain the right talent, the Company aims to
continue to build on its strengths.

Scale: Leverage European scale

Since the 1970s, Airbus has established itself as a benchmark in the
commercial aircraft industry, setting the standard for innovation and
collaboration while championing the vision of a united Europe. This was
exemplified in the 1990s with the creation of Eurocopter in the rotorcraft
segment. For both commercial aircraft and helicopters, Europe has
produced industry leaders with the capability and resources to compete
globally. As the major European defence and space player, Airbus has a
role to play in unifying Europe in these fields as it has done in the
commercial aircraft industry and in rotorcraft.

1.1.2	Organisation of the
Company’s businesses
The Company’s business is organised into the following three operating
segments: (i) Airbus (including the Commercial Aircraft business), (ii)
Helicopters and (iii) Defence and Space.

Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)

Airbus is one of the world’s leading aircraft manufacturers of passenger
and freighter aircraft and related services.
In 2024, Airbus delivered 766 aircraft (compared to 735 deliveries in 2023)
and received 878 gross orders (compared to 2,319 gross orders in 2023).
After accounting for cancellations, net order intake for 2023 was 826

6

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

aircraft (compared to 2,094 aircraft in 2022). As of 31 December 2024, the
backlog of commercial orders was 8,658 aircraft (compared to 8,598
aircraft in 2023).
In 2024, Airbus (Commercial Aircraft) recorded total revenues of
€ 50.6 billion – representing approximately 73% of the Company’s
revenues. For further information please refer to Section 1.2 ”Information
on the Company’s Activities -Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)”.

Helicopters

Airbus Helicopters is a global leader in the civil and military rotorcraft
market, offering one of the most complete and modern ranges of
helicopters and related services. This product range currently includes
intermediate single-engine, light twin-engine, medium, and mediumheavy rotorcraft and drones which are adaptable to all kinds of mission
types based on customer needs.
Airbus Helicopters delivered 361 helicopters in 2024 (compared to 346 in
2023). The following table presents a breakdown by product type for the
past two years.
(In units)

2024

2023

Light

170

179

Medium

165

132

Heavy

26

35

12

19

361

346

thereof NH90
Total

Airbus Helicopters received 450 net orders in 2024 (compared to 393 net
orders in 2023). Order intake amounted to €10.1 billion in 2024 (2023:
€ 8.6 billion). Military contracts accounted for 43% of this order volume,
with civil sales representing the remaining 57%. At the end of 2024, Airbus
Helicopters’ order book stood at 893 helicopters (compared to 804
helicopters in 2023).
In 2024, Airbus Helicopters recorded total revenues of €7.9 billion,
representing approximately 11% of the Company’s revenues. For further
information, please refer to Section 1.3 ”Information on the Company’s
Activities -Airbus Helicopters”.

Defence and Space

Airbus Defence and Space shapes and leads the European ecosystem of
defence aerospace.
In 2024, Airbus Defence and Space was organised in three main
segments: Air Power, Space Systems and Connected Intelligence. Airbus
Defence and Space develops, produces and maintains cutting-edge
products, systems and services, enabling governments, institutions and
commercial customers to protect people and resources. In 2024, Airbus
Defence and Space recorded total revenues of € 12.1 billion, representing
approximately 17% of the Company’s revenues. For further information,
please refer to Section 1.4 ”Information on the Company’s Activities
-Airbus Defence and Space”

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)

1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)
Airbus is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of large commercial
aircraft and provider of related services. Airbus develops and industrialises
innovative technological solutions and pursues the most efficient sourcing
and manufacturing possible, enabling people to connect and airlines to
grow. The Airbus product line comprises successful families of jetliners
ranging in capacity from 100 to more than 400 seats: the A220; the A320,
civil aviation’s best-selling product line; the A330 and the A350 (including
the freighter derivative the A350F). Across its portfolio, Airbus prioritises
high commonality in airframes, on-board systems, cockpits and handling
characteristics which significantly reduces operating costs for its
customers. Airbus’ global industrial presence includes activities in Europe
(France, Germany, Spain and the UK), as well as in Canada, the US, China,
Japan, more widely in the Asia-Pacific region, India and the Middle East.
Airbus also has field service stations, spares, support and logistics centres
as well as engineering centres worldwide. Airbus benefits from industrial
co-operation and partnerships with major companies and an extensive
network of suppliers from around the world. See Section 1.1 ”Information
on the Company’s Activities -Overview” for a further introduction
to Airbus.
In 2024 Airbus served 86 customers with 766 deliveries of aircraft, an
increase of approximately four percent compared to 2023. This was in line
with guidance, and was achieved despite the complex and fast-changing
operating environment (including a challenging supply chain situation and
geopolitical tensions). Airbus continues to ramp-up to serve the strong
demand for its commercial aircraft product portfolio, as reflected by the
order backlog being at unprecedented levels (currently over 8600
aircraft). As part of the ramp up effort, Airbus has enabled all of its A320
assembly sites to be capable of producing the popular A321 model,
thereby enabling the A321 to represent a bigger share of deliveries.
The A320 Family programme continues to ramp up towards a rate of 75
aircraft per month in 2027. The Company is now stabilising monthly A330
production at around rate 4. Specific supply chain challenges, notably
with Spirit AeroSystems, are currently putting pressure on the ramp up of
the A350 and the A220. On the A350, the Company continues to target
rate 12 in 2028 and is adjusting the entry-into-service of the A350
freighter variant which is now expected in H2 2027. On the A220, the
Company continues to target a monthly production rate of 14 aircraft
in 2026.
As part of the effort to address its specific supply chain challenges, as
announced on 1 July 2024 the Company signed a binding term sheet to
acquire certain Airbus work packages from Spirit AeroSystems. Over the
intervening period the due diligence process has continued and the
assessment of the integration of the relevant production sites into the
Company’s operations has progressed. Closing this acquisition and
commencing the integration of these businesses is a key priority over the
coming year.

Strategy
Airbus operates in a complex and fast changing environment, with 2024
having been a testing year. As 2024 unfolded, Airbus worked to adapt to
the challenges presented, refocusing on key priorities such as the
production ramp up and managing specific supply chain challenges
(notably with Spirit AeroSystems), which are currently putting pressure on
the ramp up of the A350 and the A220. Against this backdrop, Airbus
continues to focus on profitable growth and aims to build a long-term
sustainable competitive advantage, with emphasis on three areas in which
Airbus invests today to prepare for tomorrow.

1

First, Airbus aims to keep its commercial aircraft portfolio competitive and
suited to evolving customer expectations, through incremental
developments of current programmes and the preparation of disruptive
next-generation aircraft. By endeavouring to provide excellent services to
its customers, Airbus aims to remain their trusted partner across the
product lifecycle. Second, Airbus is investing in protecting and improving
its ability to design, develop and deliver aircraft. Airbus intends to continue
to support its supply chain, strengthen its value chain presence and
prepare its future industrial system. Third, Airbus’ ambition is to be at the
forefront of the commercial aviation sector’s decarbonisation. The
Company has set itself targets (in line with the Science-Based Targets
initiative) to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions and those of the
commercial aircraft Airbus produces. Fleet replacement is an immediate
contributor to the commercial aviation sector’s decarbonisation effort, as
the current generation of aircraft offers increased efficiency over those of
previous generations. Airbus also continues to invest in enhancing existing
technologies and in pursuit of further breakthroughs, in search of
incremental efficiency gains for its current products and to enable the
launch of a next-generation single-aisle aircraft, targeted from the middle
of the next decade.
Decarbonisation will also happen through new energy vectors. First,
Airbus is working to encourage the development of the Sustainable
Aviation Fuels (”SAF”) ecosystem through strategic partnerships and other
efforts on production pathways, as Airbus believes it offers the quickest
way to decarbonise current and future products. Second, Airbus has the
ambition to bring a commercially viable, fully electric, hydrogen-powered
commercial aircraft into service. Airbus believes fuel cell technology to be
the most promising to fulfil this ambition, which would significantly reduce
emissions when compared to conventional jet engine configurations. The
scaling up of the hydrogen ecosystem is challenging, and is progressing at
a slower pace than previously anticipated. The scalability of fuel cell
technologies towards a commercially viable product will also require more
time. A commercially viable product is now expected to come later than
2035. Airbus will use this additional time to further develop the
performance of the fuel cell propulsion and liquid hydrogen system
technologies that are expected to enable the development of the
Company’s first fully electric commercial aircraft, as part of its ambition to
pioneer sustainable aerospace.

Market
In the long-term, the main factors affecting the commercial aircraft market
include passenger demand for air travel, airline pricing policies and
resulting yields, cargo activity, economic growth cycles, evolution of the
cost of energy, national and international regulation, the rate of
replacement and obsolescence of existing fleets, the availability of aircraft
financing sources and market evolutionary factors. The performance,
competitive posture and strategy of aircraft manufacturers, airlines, cargo
operators and leasing companies as well as wars, political unrest,
pandemics and extraordinary events may also precipitate changes in
demand and lead to short-term market imbalances. For further
information, see Section 3.1.2 ”Business and Operations-related Risks
-Commercial Aircraft and Helicopter Market Factors”.

Demand for air transport

Air transport enables highly-efficient physical links between people and
the distribution of goods at a global scale, and the fundamental drivers for
demand remain unchanged.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

7

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)

The long-term market for passenger aircraft depends essentially on
passenger demand for air travel, which is primarily driven by macroeconomic factors (GDP, Trade), fare levels and demographic growth.
Measured in Revenue Passenger Kilometres (”RPK”), air travel increased
in every year from 1967 to 2000, except for 1991 due to the Gulf War,
resulting in an average annual growth rate of 7.9% for the period. During
the 2000s, demand for air transportation proved resilient, with passenger
traffic having an average annual growth rate of 3.8% per annum despite
successive shocks (including 9/11, SARS in Asia and the 2008 global
financial crisis) which dampened demand. From 2010 until the COVID-19
pandemic, passenger traffic grew at an average annual growth rate of
6.0% per annum.
The post-COVID air transport recovery continued strongly in 2024, with
demand for air transport being mainly driven by macroeconomics and
demographics, while the impact of fuel price and inflationary pressures
remained measured. In 2024, IATA reported traffic (RPK) globally at
103.8% of 2019 volumes, compared to 94.1% in 2023. Average passenger
load factors increased to 83.5%, a new record. Those markets which still
remain below 2019 levels are essentially long-haul and international
markets to/from China, which continue to improve slowly but steadily.
2024 saw heightened geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, in addition
to the continuation of the war following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The
Russian market remains closed to western suppliers, and closure of
Russian airspace creates an economic imbalance in favour of airlines from
countries not applying sanctions, who are still able to overfly it. Closures of
airspace in the Middle East have so far been largely limited to those
territories directly engaged in hostilities, however air transport could be
more broadly impacted if airspace closure were to affect large Middle East
hubs. Beyond the impact on air traffic, the overall geopolitical situation
added pressure on global supply chains and logistics.
The effort to decarbonise air transport is impacting the market, with
further public policy actions and regulatory measures (potentially including
incentives or disincentives such as through tax policy) having effect or
potentially coming to bear in the future. This may increase the cost of
energy for the sector and the degree of differentiation between the costs
of operation of more or less fuel-efficient aircraft. Aviation growth has
been driven by consistently strong improvements in efficiency, and past
increases in fuel prices have been largely passed through to consumers,
although regional differences may be observed. It is possible that future
ticket price increases may have a dampening effect on demand growth,
but any such effect is likely to be gradual on a global basis.

Air cargo market

Although air cargo represents only 1% of world freight volume, it accounts
for approximately 33% by value of shipments. After a period of
exceptionally high demand and high yields during COVID recovery and a
weak 2023 where supply grew faster than demand, air cargo market
volumes consolidated during 2024 with growth of capacity and recovery
of load factors and worldwide capacity above pre-COVID levels.
Belly cargo capacity has been returning to the market as stored Widebody
aircraft continue to re-enter service. At the end of 2024 around 100 more
Widebody aircraft remained stored compared to 2019, with most expected
to return to service over the next two years. Freighter conversion activity
peaked during 2023. With the post-COVID rebound in passenger travel
happening against the backdrop of a constrained supply of new
passenger aircraft, many aircraft designated for conversion were shifted
to passenger service. This trend, which has been particularly notable with
respect to Single Aisle aircraft, may continue until targeted production
ramp-ups of new aircraft are realised. The freighter fleet contains a higher

8

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

proportion of older aircraft, and consequently future deliveries are
expected to be more for replacement than growth.
E-commerce growth is expected to continue to be a strong driving force
and to take an increasing share of the air cargo market. Short-term
headwinds include inflation, the strength of the US dollar, the impact of
tariffs and trade disruption. Short-term tailwinds include pricing increases
in response to container ship capacity shortage and/or geopolitical
constraints to ocean transportation.

Airline network development: ”hub” and ”point-topoint” networks

Following deregulation, major airlines continued to adapt their route
networks and fleets to the ongoing evolution in customer demand. Where
origin-to-destination demand is sufficiently strong, airlines provide direct
”point-to-point” route services, and alternatively, where demand between
two destinations proves insufficient, airlines have developed highly
efficient ”hub and spoke” systems, which provide passengers with access
to a far greater number of air travel destinations through one or more flight
connections, with price competition across networks through rival
airline hubs.
The chosen system of route networks in turn affects aircraft demand.
Airbus believes that it is well positioned to meet current and future market
requirements given its complete family of products. The Entry-IntoService of the world’s longest range single aisle aircraft, A321XLR in 2024
provides greater opportunity to airlines to open new non-stop routes,
while the operating range flexibility of Airbus A350 models provide
resilience in the face of airspace closures and longer flight routings.

Overall growth of commercial aircraft demand

Reduction of aircraft production from all suppliers due to the COVID-19
pandemic and subsequent industrial and supply chain challenges led to
approximately 4,000 fewer new aircraft being delivered over the last five
years than the industry had previously planned to produce. This led to
longer retention of older aircraft in airline fleets, lower short-term rates of
replacement and a strengthened demand for the latest fuel-efficient
aircraft. Currently the industry faces a certain imbalance, as the shortage
of new aircraft has triggered maintenance investment in older aircraft,
which are staying in service until they can be physically replaced. Overall,
the market for new commercial aircraft has evolved from a situation of
oversupply during the COVID-19 pandemic to one of undersupply. The
Company anticipates this supply-demand mismatch will endure as long as
industry production rate and supply-chain challenges persist. In the long
term, the Company’s assessment is that the pandemic has not structurally
changed the market for commercial aircraft.
Airbus’ 2024 Global Market Forecast projects that demand for passenger
traffic will continue to grow strongly until 2027 before settling towards a
lower rate of approximately a 3.6% Compounded Annual Growth Rate
(”CAGR”) between 2027 and 2043, with demand for air cargo growing by
an approximate 3.1% CAGR over the same period. The forecast is based
on macroeconomic assumptions from information services provider S&P
Global and energy price projections considering the European Union
Emissions Trading System (”EU-ETS”), the Carbon Offsetting and
Reduction Scheme for International Aviation (”CORSIA”) and stated
environmental policies of sovereign states. The forecast explored
thousands of sensitivities around future energy prices, SAF penetration
rates, GDP, fuel efficiency gains, etc. and reflects the median outcome of
these scenarios. The forecast assumes the continued liberalisation of air
transport markets, and investment in air transport infrastructure tracking
growth of demand locally and regionally. Upside factors to this forecast

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)

1
would include stronger economic development and trade growth between
nations. Downside factors to the forecast would include prolonged and
significant shifts in global trade policies, travel restrictions or public policy
changes that might impact economic growth or otherwise restrict
air transport.

segment. The ACJ TwoTwenty is the first ACJ purposely-developed
business jet, extending the ACJ family, opening a new market: the Xtra
Large bizjet, effectively bridging between traditional business jets
and bizliners.

Airbus forecasts a demand for approximately 42,430 new passenger and
freighter aircraft deliveries over the next 20 years, of which approximately
33,510 (roughly 80%) would usually be Single Aisle and approximately
8,920 (roughly 20%) Widebody. Around 18,460 of these aircraft would
replace existing aircraft. The demand for Freighters is expected to reach
approximately 2,470 aircraft over the next 20 years, with roughly 940 of
these being newly built aircraft and the remainder converted from the
in-service passenger fleet. The centre of gravity of global air transport is
expected to continue to shift towards Asia, with the overall strongest
growth markets expected to be those accessing and within India
and China.

The high proportion of single aisle aircraft in use in North America and
Europe reflects the predominance of domestic short-range and mediumrange flights, also resulting from the expansion of low-cost carriers and,
particularly, in North America from development of hubs following
deregulation. In comparison with North America and Europe, the
Asia-Pacific region uses a greater proportion of twin-aisle aircraft, as
populations tend to be more concentrated in large urban centres. The use
of twin-aisle aircraft is also reinforced by the fact that many of the region’s
major airports limit the number of flights due to environmental concerns or
the infrastructure constraints that limit the flight frequency. These
constraints lead to higher average aircraft seating capacity per flight.
However, Airbus believes that demand for single aisle aircraft in Asia will
grow over the next 20 years, particularly as domestic markets in China
and India will continue their growth and low-cost carriers continue to
develop in the region.

Airbus is focused on providing more fuel-efficient aircraft for fleet
replacement and growth. Currently around 34% of the world fleet consists
of the latest-generation aircraft typified by Airbus’ current portfolio. Based
on its analysis Airbus continues to believe in the long-term growth
potential of the industry.

Market Structure and Competition
Market segments: Airbus competes in the three principal market
segments for aircraft with more than 100 seats
Single-Aisle and Widebody aircraft each have a large breadth of
application to route networks. Single-Aisle aircraft typically fly on shorter
routes but may also fly on medium-to-long-haul routes. Widebody aircraft
typically fly on medium-to-long-haul routes but may equally fly on
short-haul sectors where airline network efficiencies, cargo demand or
slot constraints favour such use. Airbus’ annual Global Market Forecast is
a 20-year demand forecast for aircraft of 100 seats and above clustered
by generic sizes, recognising that the size and range characteristics of
future products in the industry are not fixed. In Airbus’ 2024 Global Market
Forecast this demand has been clustered simply into two categories:
”Typically Single-Aisle” and ”Typically Widebody” but the forecast
recognises a degree of permeability between these two demand
categories, as illustrated by the A321XLR’s reach into longer-haul markets
and the appeal of A330neo in the Middle East and Asia.
Freight aircraft, such as the A350 Freighter, form a third segment, which
comprises a combination of newly built and converted ex-passenger
aircraft. This can provide an economical ’second life’ for in-service aircraft
from the A320 and A330 families. Small and medium sized freighters such
as the A321P2F and A330P2F are mainly used in the express market (i.e.
next day delivery). Larger freighters such as the A350F, launched in
response to customer demand in this sector, are mainly employed in the
general cargo market. The addition of this freighter variant is also
expected to contribute to a greater resilience of the A350 Programme to
future market fluctuations. The Airbus Global Market Forecast sees world
air cargo traffic doubling by 2043 resulting in the world freighter fleet
growing from 2,220 aircraft to 3,360, which includes 1,330 aircraft
replacing those retired and 1,140 as a result of growth. The resulting
freighter demand is 970 small (10t-40t payload, e.g. A321 size), 880
medium (40t-80t payload, e.g. A330-size) and 620 large (>80t payload,
e.g. A350F-size).
With the ACJ, Airbus also competes in the governmental, corporate and
private jet market. The ACJ portfolio is composed of the ACJ319neo, the
ACJ320neo, the ACJ330neo and the ACJ350 to compete in the bizliner

Geographic differences

Competition

In recent decades, the bulk of the market for passenger aircraft of more
than 150 seats have been manufactured by either Airbus or Boeing.
Nevertheless, the high technology and high value nature of the business
makes aircraft manufacturing an attractive industry in which to participate,
and besides Boeing, Airbus faces international competitors. Notably, these
competitors include Embraer, whose primary focus has been on the
regional market (where its largest E2-jet product overlaps with the
smallest Airbus aircraft), and the Chinese manufacturer COMAC, who in
December 2022 delivered the first C919 airliner, a direct competitor to the
A320neo. With deliveries of the C919 increasing and with the
manufacturer having committed to future variants (including an eventual
widebody), the period of a duopoly in the mainline commercial aircraft
market has ended. Airbus considers that COMAC’s progression will be
measured, determined, and paced by their industrial ramp-up as well as
the time needed to build a reputation for reliability, support, and locally
made aircraft systems. Consequently, Airbus considers the likely market
penetration of this competitor to be a more significant risk in the 2030s.

Customers
As of 31 December 2024, Airbus had 448 customers and a total of 24,621
aircraft had been ordered, of which 15,963 aircraft had been delivered to
operators worldwide. The net backlog stood at 8,658 aircraft.
The table below shows Airbus’ largest firm orders by customer during the
year 2024 (minimum 50 units).
Customers

Firm orders(1)

AIR INDIA

100

AMERICAN AIRLINES

86

CDB LEASING

80

CEBU PACIFIC

70

RIYADH AIR

60

SAUDI

51

(1) Options are not included.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

9

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)

Products
The Family Concept – Commonality across the Fleet

Airbus’ aircraft families promote fleet commonality. This proposition takes
a central aircraft and tailors it to create derivatives to meet the needs of
specific market segments. For example, both variants of the A220 have a
significant level of common parts and can be operated by a single pilot
pool. Alternatively, the A320, A330, A350 and A380 all share the same
cockpit philosophy, fly-by-wire controls and handling characteristics,
enabling pilots to transfer among these aircraft within the Airbus family
with a reduced need for additional training. Cross‑crew qualification
across families of aircraft enhances airlines’ operational flexibility. In
addition, the emphasis on fleet commonality permits aircraft operators to
benefit from significant cost savings in crew training, spare parts,
maintenance and aircraft scheduling. The extent of cockpit commonality
within and across families of aircraft is a unique feature of Airbus that, in
management’s opinion, constitutes an important competitive advantage.
In addition, technological innovation has been at the core of Airbus’
strategy since its creation. Each product in the Airbus family is intended to
set new standards in areas crucial to airlines’ success, such as cabin
comfort, cargo capacity performance, economic performance,
environmental impact and operational commonality.

A220 Family. Complementing the A320 Family, the A220-100 and
A220-300 models cover the segment up to 150 seats and offer a highly
comfortable five-abreast cabin. With the most advanced aerodynamics,
carbon fiber reinforced polymer (CFRP) materials, high-bypass Pratt &
Whitney PW1500G engines and fly-by-wire controls, the A220 delivers
25% lower fuel burn per seat compared with previous generation aircraft.
In addition to the airliner versions, 2022 saw the first delivery of the ACJ
TwoTwenty business jet, based on the A220-100, combining an
intercontinental capability of over 12 hours flight duration with unmatched
personal space and comfort (outfitting of the first cabin was completed in
2023). Airbus manufactures, markets and supports A220 aircraft under
the Airbus Canada Limited Partnership agreement (q.v.) finalised in 2018.
In 2020, Airbus delivered the first US-assembled A220-300 aircraft from
Mobile, Alabama.
Primary competitors to the A220 Family are the Embraer EMB190-E2 and
EMB195-E2 and the Boeing 737 Max 7.
During 2024, Airbus received 17 gross orders for the A220 Family of
aircraft, with 75 aircraft having been delivered.

A220 FAMILY TECHNICAL FEATURES
Model

Entry-into-service

Typical seating(1)

Range (km)

Length (metres)

Wingspan (metres)

A220-100

2016

100 to 120

6,390

35.0

35.1

A220-300

2016

120 to 150

6,297

38.7

35.1

(1) Two-class layout.

A320 Family. With more than 19,075 aircraft sold, and over 11,860
delivered by the end of 2024, the A320 Family of single aisle aircraft
includes the A319 and A321 derivatives, as well as the ACJ corporate jet.
Each aircraft in the A320 Family shares the same systems, cockpit,
operating procedures and cross-section.
At 3.95 meters diameter, the A320 Family has a wider fuselage than the
737 MAX. This provides a roomy six-abreast passenger cabin, a high
comfort level and a spacious under floor cargo volume. The A320 Family
incorporates digital fly-by-wire controls, an ergonomic cockpit and a
modern structural material selection. The competitors are the Boeing 737
series and Comac C919.
Airbus continues to invest in improvements across the product line, as
exemplified by the development of the A320neo family, including the
A319neo, A320neo and A321neo, and ACJ variants of the A319neo and
A320neo, and most recently the A321XLR. The A320neo Family
incorporates many innovations including latest generation engines and
cabin improvements which together deliver up to 20% in fuel savings per
seat compared with earlier A320 family aircraft. The A320neo with Pratt &
Whitney engines was the first variant to receive Type Certification, from
the European Union Aviation Safety Agency (”EASA”) and the United
States Federal Aviation Administration (”FAA”), in November 2015,
followed by the A320neo with CFM engines in May 2016.

10

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

The A320neo Family versions have over 95% airframe commonality with
the A320ceo (current engine option) versions, enabling them to fit
seamlessly into existing A320 Family fleets – a key factor for Airbus
customers and operators. Continuing support for the large in-service
A320ceo fleet is undiminished as new opportunities arise, including those
in the developing passenger-to-freighter conversion market.
Recognising a market requirement for increasing range capability, the
A321neo has been developed to incorporate additional flexibility in cabin
configuration with optional design weight and fuel capacity
enhancements to produce the 7,280km (4,000nm) range capable A321LR.
The A321XLR, which was delivered to its launch customer, Iberia, in
October 2024 is combining single aisle efficiency with Widebody range
and comfort, and resulting in an unmatched product offering for all
operator types in the key mid-range market area with 8,700km
(4,700nm) range.
Since its launch in December 2010, the A320neo Family has received
11,069 firm orders from more than 140 customers, with a total of 3,765
aircraft delivered through the end of 2024. A320neo deliveries
commenced in February 2016 followed by the first A321neo in April 2017
and in August 2019 the first A319neo. As against the Boeing 737 MAX
Family, the A320neo family retains an approximate 60% market share of
the single aisle backlog.

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)

1
Elbe Flugzeugwerke GmbH (”EFW”), a partnership between Airbus and
Singapore-based ST Aerospace Ltd. (”STA”) offers passenger-to-freighter
(”P2F”) conversion solutions for its A320 and A321 aircraft. With its
freighter conversion programmes (the A330P2F, A321P2F and A320P2F),

EFW is driving the development of the Airbus freighter family. At the end of
2024, a total of 50 A330P2F have been re-delivered (since 2017). In 2024,
21 further 321P2F were re-delivered, with more than 50 having been
delivered since 2020.

During 2024, Airbus received 637 gross orders for the A320 Family of aircraft and 615 net orders, with 602 aircraft having been delivered.
A320 FAMILY TECHNICAL FEATURES
Model

Entry-into-service

Typical seating(1)

Range (km)

Length (metres)

Wingspan (metres)

A319

1996

110 to 140

6,850

33.8

35.8(2)

A320

1988

140 to 170

6,200

37.6

35.8(2)

A321

1994

170 to 210

5,950

44.5

35.8(2)

A319neo

2019 (ACJ)

120 to 150

6,760

33.8

35.8

A320neo

2016

150 to 180

6,390

37.6

35.8

A321neo

2017

180 to 220

7,400

44.5

35.8

A321XLR

2024

206 to 220

8,700

44.5

35.8

(1) Two-class layout.
(2) With sharklets.

A330 Family. With 1,853 aircraft sold (of which 374 A330neo) and 1,623
delivered, the A330 Family covers all market segments with two twinengine aircraft types and is designed to typically carry between 220 and
300 passengers in three-class configurations or over 400 passengers in
high-density. The A330 Family offers high levels of passenger comfort as
well as large under-floor cargo areas. The A330-200 version is also
offered as a military platform. A passenger-to-freighter conversion is
offered by EFW for both the A330-200 and A330-300, meeting the
logistical needs of the rapidly growing e-commerce market.
The competitors of the A330 Family are the Boeing 767 and 787 aircraft
series.

The latest evolution of the A330 Family is the A330neo (new engine
option), comprising the A330-800 and A330-900 versions. These aircraft
incorporate latest generation Rolls-Royce Trent 7000 engines and
enhanced aerodynamics for improved fuel efficiency. In October 2020
Airbus certified an improved MTOW (Maximum Take-Off Weight) of 251t
on the A330-900 bringing a range increase of 1180 km (650 nm). 251t
MTOW was also certified for the A330-800 in mid-2022.
During 2024, Airbus received 82 gross orders for the A330 Family of
aircraft (of which 4 military variants) and recorded 82 net orders 32 aircraft
having been delivered (of which 2 military variants).

A330 FAMILY TECHNICAL FEATURES
Entry-into-service

Typical seating or
payload(1)

Maximum range (km)

Length (metres)

Wingspan (metres)

A330-200

1998

210 to 250

13,450

58.8

60.3

A330-300

1993

250 to 290

11,750

63.7

60.3

A330-800neo

2020

220 to 260

15,094

58.8

64.0

A330-900neo

2018

260 to 300

13,334

63.7

64.0

Model

(1) Three-class configuration.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

11

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)

A350 Family. The A350 is a family of wide-body aircraft, both passenger
and freighter designed to typically accommodate between 300 and 410
passengers and up to 111t as a large freighter. The A350 offers enhanced
cabin features, Rolls-Royce Trent XWB engines, advanced aerodynamics
and systems technology, with more than 50% composite materials in the
fuselage structure. The A350’s main competitors are the Boeing 787 and
777 aircraft series. Initial delivery of the A350-900 variant took place in
December 2014 to Qatar Airways.
With the Ultra-Long Range (ULR) version of the A350-900 launched in
2015, the A350 demonstrated its versatility by offering the capability to
perform flights of up to 19 hours. The first A350-900 ULR was delivered in
September 2018 to Singapore Airlines. Highlighting the type flexibility,
Airbus delivered the first A350-900 Domestic to Japan Airlines
during 2019.

Partnering the A350-900 is the seven metre longer A350-1000, which
was delivered to its first customer, also Qatar Airways, in February 2018.
Offering additional capacity for both passengers and cargo without
compromising on range, the A350-1000 is the ideal replacement for
previous generation aircraft in the 350-410 seat capacity market.
Airbus launched the A350F freighter to compete in both the general
freight and express cargo markets. With efficiency in terms of economics,
fuel burn and CO2 emissions, the A350F is the first freighter capable of
meeting the latest ICAO CO2 requirements.
As of end December, the A350 secured in 2024 137 orders for passenger
A350 and 5 A350F orders. 642 A350s have been delivered so far, with a
total orders of 1,344 A350s (55 freighters, 1,289 pax)

A350 FAMILY TECHNICAL FEATURES
Entry-into-service

Typical seating
or payload(1)

Maximum
range (km)

Length
(metres)

Wingspan
(metres)

A350-900

2014

300 to 350

15,740

66.8

64.8

A350-1000

2018

350 to 410

16,500

73.8

64.8

111 tonnes

8,700

70.8

64.8

Model

A350F
(1) Three-class layout.

A380. The double-deck A380 is the world’s largest commercial aircraft
flying today. Its cross-section provides flexible and innovative cabin space,
tailored to the needs of each airline. The aircraft is capable of carrying
over 500 passengers in a comfortable four-class configuration over a
range of 8,000nm / 14,800km.

While the final five deliveries of the A380 took place during 2021, some
customer airlines are investing in updating their cabins, and the aircraft is
likely to remain in service well into the next decade.

A380 TECHNICAL FEATURES
Model

A380-800

Entry-into-service

Typical seating(1)

Maximum
range (km)

Length
(metres)

Wingspan
(metres)

2007

400 to 550

14,800

72.7

79.8

(1) Four-class layout.

Customer Services
Following the trends of the air transport market, the demand for aircraft
customer services continues growing . In 2024, the aftermarket players
served more than 27,000 (passenger aircraft above 100 seats and
freighters with a payload above 10t). Airbus Customer Services competes
in this market with the aim of being the customers’ companion in fleet
management and operation all along the aircraft lifecycle, acting together
for safe and sustainable aerospace.
Airbus provides a wide range of customer centric and value-added
services, and is well positioned to answer today’s and future services
needs in order to support the industry. Here are some examples:
• Satair, the Airbus subsidiary for material distribution, inaugurated a new
warehouse facility in Hamburg. It has become the biggest Airbus
Group warehouse in Europe offering 56,500 m² of space to primarily

12

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

manage tools and large parts (Long Term Storage and Kits), and
targets helping to increase reactivity and spares availability
for customers.
• Airbus inaugurated the new Airbus Customer Care Centre in Toulouse,
increasing capacity to respond to and attend airline Aircraft On
Ground situations.
• Airbus inaugurated an Airbus Lifecycle Services Centre in China, which
covers a full range of activities including maintenance, upgrades,
conversions, dismantling and recycling services.
• Airbus entered into a 50:50 joint venture with the Tata-owned Air India
to launch a world-class pilot training centre in Gurugram, Haryana.

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)

1
• Liebherr joined and strengthened the Digital Alliance. Boosted by its
new partner, the Alliance intends to extend predictive maintenance to
the A220 and A350, with the same product value delivered today on
the A320 and A330.
• Airbus delivered to Emirates and Ethiopian brand new A350 aircraft
equipped with High Bandwidth Connectivity plus (”HBCplus”).
HBCplus provides satcom based off-board connectivity for the
Airspace Link open ecosystem, available both in linefit and retrofit.
Airbus Customer Services’ priority continues to be supporting customers
by offering a range of solutions intended to help reduce operating costs,
increase aircraft availability, and enhance the quality of operations and
passenger experience.
With a worldwide network of 8.000 employees (including subsidiaries),
made up of hundreds of technical specialists who provide Airbus’
customers with advice and assistance 24 hours a day, seven days a week;
260 field service representatives positioned in over 60 countries for
on-site assistance to operators, and a system of empowered local teams
in Asia, Africa, China, the Middle East and the US; Airbus targets to remain
at the forefront of the industry.
To succeed in this context, Customer Services intends to continue
working on the transformation plan based on three pillars (customer value,
customer experience and sustainability) through optimisation and
simplification of products and the further industrialisation of activities to
decrease costs and increase efficiency, with an aim to continue
contributing to the success of Airbus.

Aircraft Trading and Financing
Airbus favours cash sales, and does not pursue customer financing as an
area of business development. However, Airbus recognises the
commercial need for manufacturers to assist customers in arranging
financing of new aircraft purchases, and in certain cases to also
participate in the financing, particularly during times of crisis.
Any extension of credit or assumption of exposure is subject to corporate
oversight and monitoring, and follows strict standards of discipline and
caution. Airbus’ dedicated customer finance team has accumulated
decades of expertise in aircraft finance. When Airbus provides financing to
a customer, the financed aircraft generally serves as collateral, with the
engine manufacturer participating in the financing. These elements assist
in reducing the risk borne by Airbus. The difference between the gross
exposure resulting from the financing and the collateral value is fully
provisioned for. Airbus’ customer financing transactions are designed to
facilitate subsequent sell-down of the exposure to the financial markets,
third-party lenders or lessors.

Airbus also participates in trading activities, which consist mainly of (i)
supporting new aircraft sales campaigns through the trading (cradle to
grave) and the placement of all types of used aircraft (sale or lease), (ii)
assisting Airbus entities/internal departments in finding/placing aircraft
assets on the market (iii) managing and assisting in the remarketing of
aircraft held in inventory and (iv) acting as a remarketing agent for airlines
or financiers to remarket their aircraft. Trading activity also involves the
sell-down of leases and loans (secured and unsecured) and the facilitation
of structured lease solutions for customers.

Operations
Industrial Organisation

Airbus’ industrial organisation reflects the end-to-end industrial flow
across all Airbus commercial aircraft programmes. The industrial value
streams flow from the supply chain, through Airbus’ two Aerostructures
companies, the constituent and major component assembly (wing,
forward and aft fuselage, and nose and centre fuselage) and to the final
assembly in Toulouse, Hamburg, Tianjin, Mirabel and Mobile. Aircraft are
then handed over to programme management for delivery to customers.
The industrial flow is enabled by Quality and Procurement as well as four
transverse functions responsible to provide the skills, standards and
services necessary for (1) smooth industrial planning, logistics and
transport, (2) integrated manufacturing engineering, (3) eradication and
prevention of non-quality, and (4) highest operational excellence and
sound performance management.
The Procurement organisation is responsible for both the contractual and
operational relationship with the supplier base. Its aim is to ensure that
purchased raw materials, parts and services are delivered at competitive
conditions, on time, cost and quality. A dedicated Procurement Operations
team manages the delivery stream from the supply chain to enable the
production flow. Adherence to quality standards and internal processes
throughout the flow facilitates compliance with safety requirements, and
enables a seamless production. These standards are controlled through
internal audits and operational surveillance, by delegation from EASA, by
the Quality function. Thanks to external audits, Airbus is granted all
necessary EASA approvals, Production Organisation Approvals (”POA”),
Design Organisation Approvals (”DOA”), Maintenance Organisation
Approvals (”MOA”) and EN9100 certification to design, produce, deliver
and maintain its products. A two year internal surveillance cycle was
closed in 2023, demonstrating full compliance to EASA part 21G
(requirements for Production activities). Striving for further improvement
has motivated the launch of the Quality Transformation programme. Its
aim is to reinforce risk prevention activities as well as problem solving
competencies throughout the end to end value stream. By promoting a
strong ethos of collaboration in the service of customers across the value
chain, Airbus enhances responsiveness and adaptability while pursuing
the highest safety and quality standards.

In 2024, Airbus continued to benefit from strong market appetite for both
aircraft financing and sale and leaseback lessor opportunities, supported
by sustained liquidity in the markets. Airbus customer financing exposure
therefore remained limited. In the future, Airbus intends to continue
providing direct aircraft financing support as it deems necessary.
Management believes, based on its experience, that the level of
provisioning toward potential default costs is adequate and consistent
with standards and practice in the aircraft financing industry. For further
information please refer to the ”Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial
Statements - Note 27: Sales Financing Transactions” and Section 3.1.2
”Business and Operations-related Risks -Sales Financing Arrangements”.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

13

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)

Technology & Engineering

Airbus Technology & Engineering is a global organisation leading and
managing Airbus product certification and continued airworthiness, as
well as supporting in-series production and in-service modifications,
non-conformities and continuous improvements.
The Technology & Engineering organisation has the mission to:
• develop and deliver new aircraft architecture and design regarding
safety, manufacturability, operability, maintainability, fuel-efficiency
and environmental compliance;
• support the in-series products manufacturing and in-service
operations by delivering definition dossiers and answers to
technical queries;
• Foster the competitiveness of Airbus’ product and service portfolio in
the medium- and long-term, and drive a company-wide synergetic
approach to technologies, leveraging on Airbus’ unique history, DNA
and product culture to shape the future of aerospace.
The team operates transnationally, with employees located in France,
Germany, the UK, Spain, the US, Canada, India, China and Singapore. The
organisation has a strong delivery focus in support of today’s programmes
as well as future developments and it is structured as follows:
• The Centers of Competences (”CoC”) provide skilled resources to
work on tasks, develop methods and tools, and generate solutions on
topics related to airframe, aircraft systems, flight physics, propulsion,
cabin and cargo. The flight and integration test center supports both
the development of new aircraft programmes and the deliveries of the
in-series products, thanks to their flying and non-flying teams.
• The architect and integration centre ensures, together with a team of
senior aircraft architects and the programme chief engineers, that a
consistent and multi-disciplinary approach is applied during aircraft
development, while acting as the home base of the certification and
continued airworthiness delegates. The strategy and transversal
integration centre ensures consistency between engineering and
corporate strategy, acts as the referent for configuration management,
process, methods and tools for engineering, and drives the forward
looking transformation of the function. The in-service engineering,
acting in close cooperation with customer services, is providing skilled
resources to handle customer technical queries, such as repairs, as
well as support the resolution on recurrent in-service issues.
• The R&T Programme department applies a lean project-based
approach, tracked and managed using earned value management,
technology readiness levels and figures of merit. Technological
collaboration with external research communities and partners is
encouraged and coordinated through the department with technical
and scientific experts. The Company-wide integration of R&T
technology and alignment with institutional research partners is
achieved through cross-portfolio technology planning and
roadmapping, giving an exhaustive view of technology targets and
investments. In addition, Company-wide engagement for joint funding
with public agencies is achieved through a common R&T Funding
contract management.

Aviation Safety
The Company believes that everyone in the aerospace industry has a role
to play to further enhance the safety of the air transport system. Flying
today is safer than ever before, and collective efforts should mean it
continues to become even safer by anticipating and responding to risks,
threats and challenges. While the foundations of the air transport system
are built on regulatory compliance, the safety culture at the Company
goes beyond compliance with certification and continued airworthiness
requirements to also focus on safety enhancement activities in products
and services. This also extends to the products and services of the
Company’s Defence and Space Division that offer communication,
collaboration and intelligence knowledge solutions to assist government
authorities, emergency service providers and healthcare providers. For
additional details on this topic, please refer to Section 6.3.4 ”Sustainability
Statement -ESRS S4 - Consumers and end-users”.

Airbus Canada, Regional Aircraft,
Aerostructures, Seats
Airbus Canada Limited Partnership

Airbus Canada Limited Partnership (”Airbus Canada”) was established on
1 July 2018 following the transaction between Airbus, Bombardier and
Investment Quebec (”IQ”), which saw the sale, by Bombardier to Airbus, of
the A220 aircraft program (formerly known as the C-series). In February
2020, Bombardier exited the partnership. At the end of 2024, the Airbus
Canada shareholding structure was 75% Airbus and 25% IQ, with the IQ
stake being redeemable by Airbus in 2035. There are two A220 final
assembly lines, with one located in Mirabel (Quebec) and the other in
Mobile (Alabama). In 2022, the Mirabel A220 site was expanded with the
addition of a sub-assembly area, known as a pre-final assembly line
(”pre-FAL”).
In 2024, Airbus Canada delivered 75 aircraft (compared to 68 aircraft in
2023) and has a backlog of 516 aircraft as of December 2024. Through
the end of December 2024, a total of 389 A220 have been delivered. For
further information, please refer to Section 1.2 ”Information on the
Company’s Activities -Airbus (Commercial Aircraft) - Products - A220
Family” above.

ATR
ATR (Avions de Transport Régional) is the world leader in the market for
regional turboprop aircraft, with its ATR 42 and 72 the best-selling aircraft
in the less than 90 seats market segment. Thanks to the efficiency of the
turboprop technology and the company’s focus on continuous innovation,
ATR aircraft open 150 new routes on average every year, burn 45% less
fuel and emit 45% less CO2 than regional jets. The aircraft family has over
200 operators in more than 100 countries. ATR is an equal partnership
between Airbus and Leonardo, with Airbus’ 50% share managed by the
Airbus ATR organisation. Airbus and Leonardo are also ATR’s main
suppliers, building its wings and fuselage, respectively. Headquartered in
Toulouse, as of December 31 2024 ATR employs 1,387 people. Since the
start of the programme in 1981, ATR has registered net orders for 1,857
aircraft (524 ATR 42s and 1,303 ATR 72s).
In 2024, ATR has delivered 35 new aircraft (compared to 36 in 2023) and
recorded net firm orders for 32 new aircraft (compared to 41 in 2023). As
of 31 December 2024, ATR had a secured backlog of 95 aircraft
(compared to 111 in 2023). Through the end of 2024, a total of 1,717 ATR
aircraft have been delivered.

14

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.2 Airbus (Commercial Aircraft)

1
ATR has established a worldwide customer support organisation
committed to supporting aircraft over their service life. There are 13 ATR
sites across the globe, including commercial offices, customer services
centres, spare parts warehouses, training centres and regional customer
support offices, located in Toulouse, Paris, Miami, Singapore, Sao Paulo,
Athens, Addis Ababa, Bangalore, Jakarta, Auckland, Bangkok, Beijing and
Tokyo. ATR Asset Management addresses the market for second-hand
aircraft by assisting in the placement and financing of used and end-oflease aircraft.

Airbus Atlantic
Established on 1 January 2022, Airbus Atlantic is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Airbus, specialised in aerostructure fabrication and assembly
as well as aircraft seats. Airbus Atlantic is a global industrial leader, a key
pillar of Airbus and a partner of choice for its customers around the world.
Building on its highly skilled teams and its entrepreneurship mindset,
Airbus Atlantic innovates, shapes new standards of industrial excellence
and prepares the future for a sustainable and competitive aerospace
industry. Counting more than 14,000 employees in five countries and
three continents, including 10,000 employees in France and 4,000
worldwide (Canada, Tunisia, Morocco and Portugal), Airbus Atlantic is a
global player in aerostructures, in pilot seats, and in First & Business Class
seats marketed under the STELIA Aerospace brand.
Positioned at the heart of Airbus industrial system, Airbus Atlantic aims at
delivering state-of-the-art quality and operational excellence to Airbus
and to aircraft manufacturers such as Dassault Aviation, Bombardier and
ATR, as well as to worldwide airlines with its Premium passenger seat
range. As such, Airbus Atlantic is an essential part of the Airbus value
chain and plays a key-role in the whole aerostructures’ supply-chain with
more than 500 suppliers on flying products and more than 2,000 on
general procurement products.
In terms of key activities and expertise, Airbus Atlantic, has a wide range of
metallic and composite aerostructure capabilities, from Build-to-Print to
Design & Build solutions. It is one of the few companies in the world able
to deliver complete and fully equipped and tested aircraft sections (”Plug
& Fly”), integrating hydraulic and electric systems. It also designs and
manufactures luxury First Class and Business Seats for more than 50
airlines in the world (including Lufthansa, Singapore Airlines, China
Airlines, Air France or Etihad Airways) and provides pilot seats, and offers
support from design to production, including after-sales service.

Airbus Aerostructures and Premium
Aerotec Industry
Besides Airbus Atlantic, the Airbus Aerostructures organisation is the other
aerostructure subsidiary of Airbus, leveraging the Company’s
competencies globally, keeping strategic flexibility for resource allocation
and building an international company culture. The organisation of Airbus
Aerostructures, together with Airbus Atlantic serves the Company’s
strategy. Remaining detailed parts activities are concentrated under
Premium AEROTEC Industry, within Airbus GmbH (which is the holding
company for Airbus Operations GmbH and Airbus Aerostructures GmbH,
the two main subsidiaries in Germany focused on commercial aircraft
programmes). The legal integration of Premium AEROTEC Industry into
Airbus Aerostructures has been decided and is being pursued.
Airbus Aerostructures is a 100 percent owned Airbus subsidiary. Formal
governance bodies and regular management meetings between both
ensures business coordination. The company is an integrator for the
commercial aircraft parts management. With around 12,000 employees,
Airbus Aerostructures combines technology and innovation leadership to
pioneer efficient aircraft production. Airbus Aerostructures includes four
production sites in Germany: the headquarters in Hamburg with three
other plants in Nordenham, Bremen and Stade where work goes on today
on the aerostructures of tomorrow’s aircraft.
Premium AEROTEC Industry delivers commercial and military aircraft
structures and detail parts and is a partner in the major European
international aerospace programmes. Premium AEROTEC Industry counts
about 5,000 employees at various sites in Germany and Romania.
Premium AEROTEC Industry is represented by its products in all Airbus
commercial aircraft programmes. The current military programmes
include the Eurofighter ”Typhoon” and the military transport aircraft
A400M. Premium AEROTEC Industry plays a significant role within new
concepts regarding metallic and composite aerostructure activities or
3D-printing of aircraft components made of titanium or aluminium.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

15

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.3 Airbus Helicopters

1.3 Airbus Helicopters
Airbus Helicopters is a global leader in the civil and military rotorcraft
market, offering one of the most complete and modern ranges of
helicopters, drones and related services. This product range currently
includes intermediate single-engine, light twin-engine, medium and
medium-heavy rotorcraft, which are adaptable to all kinds of mission
types based on customer needs. In addition, the VSR700 and the Flexrotor
constitute two Uncrewed Aerial Systems (”UAS”) in the tactical domain.
See Section 1.1 ”Information on the Company’s Activities- Overview” for an
introduction to Airbus Helicopters’ portfolio.

Ambition and Strategy
Airbus Helicopters’ ambition is to provide the most efficient vertical
take-off and landing (”VTOL”) products and services solutions to its
customers who serve, protect, save lives, connect communities and safely
carry passengers in demanding environments.
In this regard, the strategy of Airbus Helicopters is to grow in value in the
Civil and Parapublic market and improve its market share and resilience in
the military market, while building a combined offer of helicopters and
drones with an extended portfolio of UAS and new teaming solutions in
the tactical domain.
The four strategic priorities support Airbus Helicopters’ business growth
ambition:
1. Customer Loyalty: in pursuit of becoming the first choice of the
market, Airbus Helicopters has put a major emphasis on the
improvement of the fleet availability, specially for the NH90 and Tiger
fleets. The catalogue of global contracts has also been reworked to be
adapted to customers’ needs. Last but not least, Airbus Helicopters
has invested in stock and spare parts and in new repair capacities to
improve its performance and reliability.
2. Innovation: Airbus Helicopters has the objective of making helicopters
and VTOL flight safer, simpler, more affordable and citizen friendly. To
remain a true pioneer in this industry, Airbus Helicopters is committed
to flying several demonstrators to unlock new technologies in fuel
consumption, high speed, autonomy, electrification, connectivity,
safety and predictive maintenance to name a few. In the meantime,
Airbus Helicopters is strongly working on crewed-uncrewed teaming
(CuC-T) solutions.
3. Defence and Security: Airbus Helicopters must act as a global player
in the military market to reinforce its competitiveness and resilience in a
global context, with rising tensions and geopolitical issues. The
company is investing in key technologies to support home nations and
is on track to execute key development contracts like the Joint Light
Helicopter (hélicoptère interarmées léger – HIL) for France, the Tiger
mid-life upgrade for France and Spain, or the H225 helicopters for the
Bundespolizei. In addition, Airbus Helicopters continues to reinforce its
presence and influence in export campaigns. The product policy of
Airbus Helicopters is driven by the willingness to offer and maintain the
broadest dual range of multi-role products.
4. Sustainability: Airbus Helicopters wants to accelerate its commitment
to pioneering sustainable aerospace. In 2024, Airbus Helicopters has
structured and asserted several roadmaps, and has connected most of
them to the roadmaps at group level. The teams have worked in
transversal coordination to promote and set the right level of ambition

16

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

for the Division. In coherence with the group, Airbus Helicopters fosters
a culture of environmental and social responsibility for all employees,
along with promoting human rights, business integrity, aviation safety
and quality, inclusion and diversity in its core values.

Transformation
The Company is pursuing its journey for its transformation. While
maintaining its focus on aviation safety and quality, specific attention is put
on performance improvement with lead time reduction and on time
deliveries in order to enhance customer satisfaction and to position itself
for sustained growth and resilience. This plan is combining projects aiming
to make significant steps forward in performance in key areas (e.g. supply
chain and spare parts) and implementing further continuous improvement
initiatives. Airbus Helicopters also pursues leadership development
initiatives ensuring teams are prepared to navigate the complexities of a
dynamic business environment and to foster a culture of inclusion,
collaboration and agility.
Airbus Helicopters continues to deploy data governance and accelerate its
digital transformation based on standard capabilities to deliver digital
continuity for integrated data-driven processes. Going forward, data
quality remains a top priority in order to have solid foundations to deploy
new ”data-driven” technologies and decision making. In line with the
Company’s continuing evolution, Airbus Helicopters develops new digital
capabilities such as Artificial Intelligence, Immersive Technologies,
Connectivity or Scientific computing to create value for both platforms
and services, as well as for business efficiency to enhance productivity
while reducing turnaround time across key processes.
In parallel Airbus Helicopters is looking ahead and preparing its next
transformation phase beyond 2025. The aim is to anticipate and prepare
the future in order to maintain a sustainable performance and to remain
agile, with the purpose to ensure its competitiveness in the face of
changing market and economic conditions, while retaining its ability to
invest in the future.

Commitment to Innovation

In 2024, Airbus continued to invest in research and technology and
product development for both the civil and military markets. The Racer, a
high-speed helicopter demonstrator, developed in the context of the
European Research Clean Sky 2 project, successfully completed its first
flight, officially kickstarting the rotorcraft’s flight test campaign. Less than
two months after this, the Racer exceeded its level speed objective of
407 km/h (220 kts) by reaching 420 km/h (227 kts) in its initial
configuration. In just seven flights and about nine hours of flight testing,
almost all of the flight envelope has been opened. Moreover, Airbus’
eVTOL prototype, CityAirbus NextGen, also performed its first flight in
Donauwörth, Germany. This key technical milestone opens the flight
campaign of the prototype.
On the military side, the Company has focused on the development of
crewed-uncrewed teaming (CuC-T), where crewed helicopters and
Uncrewed Aerial Systems (UAS) fly simultaneously whilst connected to a
single network. Crewed-uncrewed teaming aims to leverage
interoperability to enhance a helicopter’s mission capabilities during
challenging operations. As part of a project funded by the European Union
and code-named MUSHER, Airbus and its partners conducted a full-scale
demonstration of a crewed-uncrewed teaming system in France and Italy.

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.3 Airbus Helicopters

1
Mobilising the H130 FlightLab as a crewed platform and the VSR700
Uncrewed aerial system, the MUSHER demonstration experimented with
various mission scenarios.

In this context, Airbus Helicopters has faced difficulties in meeting
customers’ spare parts and repair needs, due to demand having grown
much faster than predicted based on flight activity.

Airbus Helicopters also introduced a new mission kit for the VSR700,
dedicated to anti-submarine warfare, in partnership with Naval Group,
Aresia, Thales and CAE. Aiming to support navies during critical
operations, this mission kit can extend operators’ detection capabilities,
including with sonars, a radar and electro-optical system, and enables the
VSR700 to deploy new-generation sonobuoys and torpedoes. The
VSR700 is fully compatible with crewed-uncrewed teaming, making for
optimised submarine detection and attack when operated jointly with
crewed helicopters.

Airbus Helicopters has significantly increased its working capital
investments on spares and MRO parts. The Company has also invested in
dual sources of supply and in helicopter buy-backs. The dismantling of
complete helicopters enables the Company to access parts which are in
short supply, especially for dynamic components. It also provided
solutions for obsolescence and scarce parts.

Following its integration as part of Airbus’ portfolio, the Flexrotor small
tactical uncrewed aerial system took part in flight demonstrations,
showcasing its agility. A lightweight asset, the Flexrotor enables
customers to extend their mission capabilities thanks to its unique vertical
takeoff and landing design, its exceptional endurance and compact
design. Able to fly on average 14 hours, it is an ideal solution for military
operators and parapublic agencies.
In 2024, the company continued to develop activities related to the main
demonstrators and roadmaps for key technologies for multiple platforms.
The PioneerLab in Germany performed several flights to test
environmental awareness functions such as a lidar-based cable detection
system. In addition, a proof-of-concept nose panel made of acrylonitrilederived biofibre was also flight-tested to demonstrate the airworthiness of
alternative fibres.
Airbus Helicopters also continued to progress on its decarbonisation
roadmap. The Company continued to lead a SAF user group for its
helicopter operators and industry partners as well as increasing the use of
SAF for its own development test flights and training to nearly 20%
in 2024.

Focusing on Customers

Airbus Helicopters’ top priority from a customer support and service
perspective is to deliver the best possible customer experience, including
availability and performance. The Company celebrated important fleet
milestones this year, such as the worldwide fleet of H145s achieving
8 million flight hours and the H125 achieving 40 million flight hours. The
French Navy’s H160 interim fleet hit the 3,000 flight hour milestone this
year and has saved more than 120 people in their search and rescue
missions. The first of up to 82 H145Ms was delivered to the German
Armed Forces.
The entry into service of the H160 is moving forward with a total of 40
units currently in service. The platform now has customers for all key
mission segments it was designed to address: energy, private and
business aviation, search and rescue, law enforcement and military. The
H160 is now in service in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Malaysia, Japan, Saudi
Arabia, France, and other European countries.
Airbus Helicopters has made significant effort and investment in
addressing the supply chain situation that has been severely affected in
succession by COVID, the consequences of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine,
the energy crisis and economic factors including elevated inflation rates.

In addition, the company is constantly investing in product improvement,
both in terms of safety, innovation, and competitiveness. This includes
investments targeted at making its helicopters more reliable, with a
reduced maintenance workload and with lower Direct Maintenance Costs
(”DMC”). Many of these improvements are discussed and then prioritised
with customers in the frame of various forums such as Customer Focus
Groups and Reliability Data Groups.
There are around 2,861 helicopters currently enrolled with parts-by-thehour contracts. Air Center Helicopters, Inc. (ACHI) signed an Airbus HCare
In-Service contract to support their fleet of 18 H225 helicopters for the
next five years with the full-by-the-hour (FBH) programme. DRF
Luftrettung is also adding up to ten H145 helicopters to its fleet-wide
HCare Part Availability contract, which provides comprehensive parts-bythe-hour support. In parallel, the Japan Coast Guard’s (”JCG”) order for
three additional H225s will also be covered by its HCare Fleet Availability
contract which currently covers JCG’s entire H225 fleet.
The company continued to make progress on helicopter connectivity and
digital services in order to provide an end-to-end ecosystem through
easy-to-use digital solutions fully integrated to Airbus Helicopters
systems. These digital solutions leverage data generated by helicopter
systems, such as flight data recorders and avionics systems, or
maintenance software and applications used to manage fleets. The aim of
the Company’s Connected Services offering is to enable more flight hours
in a simple manner and to enhance safety, and ultimately to better support
the Company’s customers in their operations.

Aviation Safety

Airbus Helicopters’ chief priority is to enhance aviation safety for the
thousands of men and women around the world who are transported in its
aircraft every day. The company’s ambition is to further reduce the
accident rate of the Airbus helicopter fleet in service and be a leader in
aviation safety.
In order to achieve these goals, Airbus Helicopters strives to:
• define and develop new safety measures and initiatives to support the
operations of its customers; and
• continue to underscore its dedication to fostering a company-wide
culture of safety and sustainability.
This commitment to aviation safety is also reflected across all the internal
activities related to the lifecycle of a helicopter, with a focus on meeting
(and exceeding where possible) industry quality and safety standards.
All this is based on continuously enhancing the strong safety culture in
the Company.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

17

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.3 Airbus Helicopters

To continue raising aviation safety awareness, Airbus Helicopters
inaugurated a dedicated Aviation Safety Centre in March 2024 at its
Donauwörth site in Germany. Along with Marignane, where a centre was
created in March 2023, they are the first two Airbus Helicopters sites to
host Aviation Safety Centres, which aim to be replicated at other key
locations of the Company’s global footprint. The centres are divided into
several zones, four of which host the digital modules that form the core of
the system. These digital modules cover four major themes for Aviation
Safety: air accidents, organisational and human factors, FODs (Foreign
Object Damage, i.e. foreign bodies that can cause damage) and
risk management.
The objective is that all employees, including apprentices, temporary
workers and on-site subcontractors are trained in the Aviation Safety
Centre. In Marignane, more than 4,500 employees and subcontractors
have been trained, along with close to 190 customers and 160 suppliers,
whilst Donauwörth’s Aviation Safety Centre has now hosted more than
2,000 employees for training sessions, to further demonstrate Airbus
Helicopters’ commitment to a safe flying culture.

Market Drivers
Airbus Helicopters’ preliminary market data indicates that worldwide
helicopter bookings for 2024, counting both the Civil and Parapublic (C&P)
and Military markets, stood at 1,192 units (excluding the Chinese and
Russian military markets). This, compared to 1,160 in 2023 represents
+3% increase.
Airbus Helicopters is leading the increasing C&P market (+10% in units and
+32% in value vs 2023), securing 48% of the total units and 52% of the
total value booked supported by all Airbus helicopters types (from H125 to
H225) sales in units and mostly by H145 and H225 in value.
Most of the increase in units is driven by Intermediate Singles with a total
of 267 units sold (vs 193 in 2023). With 64 units booked, Super Medium’s
demand increased by +178% in comparison with 2023 (23 units). 47
bookings for Heavy helicopters were identified, to be compared with 10
bookings in 2023. The demand for Light-Twins (H135, AW109 and B429)
increased by +39% (40 units sold vs 29 in 2023).
After a record 2023 order intake for Intermediate-Twin (H145, AW169 and
Ansat) with 175 units booked, the bookings in this class decreased by
-42% (102 units). Medium bookings decreased by -24% in 2024 vs 2023
with a total of 84 units booked.
Market increased in all segments but Private and Business Aviation (-5% vs
2023). The most dynamic segment was Energy (+30% vs 2023), supported
by the demand for replacement of an ageing fleet translating mostly in
Super Mediums bookings. Demand for Mediums in this segment decreased
by -44% after two years of high level of bookings (mainly AW139).
After several years of low order intake (driven by economical
uncertainties), the demand for commercial operations increased by +29%
in 2024 supporting Intermediate-Single sales. EMS market increased by
+20% driven by the demand from the North American continent
supporting demand for Intermediate-Singles and Light-Twins. The global
demand for Public Services helicopters increased by +6% mostly driven by
growing demand in the Asia Pacific Region.
With 386 units booked in 2024 the military global market (excluding China
and Russia) is -9% below 2023 order intake driven by low order intake
from the US. Without North America the market would have grown by +5%
as the demand for military helicopters has increased in all other regions.

18

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

According to market forecasts produced by Airbus Helicopters,
approximately 7,400 Civil and Parapublic helicopters and approximately
7,100 Military helicopters are expected to be delivered globally over the
next 10 years. In this period, within the Civil and Parapublic Market
(approximately 7,400 units over 10 years), almost 50% of the deliveries in
units are expected to be single engine helicopters, but twin engine
helicopters are anticipated to represent more than 80% of the value to be
delivered. For the Intermediate Singles, the dominant customer types are
expected to be commercial and private and business aviation (PBA).
Whereas in the Light Twin segment, Helicopter Emergency Medical
Services (HEMS) continue to be the dominant customer type, followed by
Public Services and PBA. The continued resurgence of the energy market
remains key for sales of the super medium class, as are Public Services for
the Heavy helicopter market class.
Demand for military helicopters and related services is mainly driven by
budgetary and strategic considerations, and the need to replace ageing
fleets. Airbus Helicopters believes that the advanced age of current fleets,
the emergence of a new generation of helicopters equipped with
integrated systems and the ongoing introduction of combat helicopters
into many national armed forces will contribute to increased military
helicopter procurement in the medium term. Nevertheless, demand from
the military sector has historically been subject to large year-to-year
variations due to evolving strategic considerations, and may be limited,
due to budgetary constraints on public spending in some regions like
Western Europe and Middle East, while other regions like Asia Pacific or
Eastern Europe are expected to continue to grow. Within the Military
Market (anticipated demand of approximately 7,100 units over 10 years),
approximately 34% of market sales (in units) are expected to come from
the Heavy helicopter class, with a significant dominance in this sector
coming from forces requiring heavy lift capabilities for troop and logistics
transportation. The combination of Light, Medium and Super-Medium
helicopters is expected to account for 30% of the future military helicopter
deliveries in units.

Competition

Airbus Helicopters’ primary competitors in the civil and parapublic sector
are Leonardo and Bell. In 2024 Airbus Helicopters led the Civil and
Parapublic market, securing 48% of the total units and 52% of the total
value booked supported by all Airbus helicopters types (from H125 to
H225) sales in units and mostly by H145 and H225 in value.
Airbus Helicopters’ main competitors in the military sector remain Boeing,
Sikorsky and Leonardo. In 2024 Airbus secured 18% of the total market
(excluding China and Russia) in units and 15% of the total market value
(excluding China and Russia).

Customers

More than 3,850 operators currently fly Airbus Helicopters’ rotorcraft in
over 150 countries. Airbus Helicopters’ principal military clients are
Ministries of Defence (”MoDs”) in Europe, Asia, the US and Latin America.
In the civil and parapublic sector, Airbus Helicopters has a leading market
share in Europe, the Americas and Asia-Pacific. With approximately 57% of
the worldwide market share-based on deliveries in 2024, the versatility
and reliability of Airbus Helicopters products have made them the
preferred choice of the most prominent civil and parapublic customers
(turbine helicopters of more than 5 seats).

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.3 Airbus Helicopters

1
Products and Services
Airbus Helicopters offers a complete range of helicopters that covers nearly the entire civil and military market spectrum, which it continuously improves
with leading-edge technologies. This product range includes single-engine, light twin-engine, medium and medium-heavy helicopters, and is based on
a series of new-generation platforms designed to be adaptable to both military and civil applications. In addition, products share multiple technical
features as part of a family concept approach.
The following table sets forth Airbus Helicopters’ existing product line, consisting of optimised products for different mission types:
Helicopter Type

Primary Missions

Single Engine (”Écureuil” family)
H125 ”Écureuil” / H125M ”Fennec”

Public Services(1), Military Utility & Armed Reconnaissance, Private & Business Aviation, Commercial Pax Transport &
Aerial Work

H130

Commercial Pax Transport & Multipurpose, Emergency Medical, Tourism, Private & Business Aviation

Light Twin Engine
H135 / H135M

Private & Business Aviation, Military Utility & Armed Reconnaissance, Emergency Medical, Public Services(1)

H145 / LUH (UH-72) / H145M

Private & Business Aviation, Military Utility, Emergency Medical, Public Services(1)

Medium and Super Medium
H160 / H160M

Oil & Gas, Public Services(1), Private & Business Aviation, Emergency Medical, Military Utility & Transport, Special
Operations, Naval

H175

Oil & Gas, SAR, Public Services(1), Private & Business Aviation, Emergency Medical, Military Utility & Transport,
Special Operations

Heavy
H215 ”Super Puma” / H215M ”Cougar”

Civil Utility(2), Military Transport / SAR, Oil & Gas

H225 / H225M

SAR, Combat-SAR, Military Transport, Oil & Gas, Private & Business Aviation, Public Services(1)

NH90 (TTH / NFH)

SAR, Military Transport, Naval

Attack
Tiger

Combat, Armed Reconnaissance / Escort

Uncrewed aerial systems
VSR700

Intelligence, Surveillance, Reconnaissance

Flexrotor

Intelligence, Surveillance, Reconnaissance

(1) Public Services includes homeland security, law enforcement, fire-fighting, border patrol, coast guard and public agency emergency medical services.
(2) Civil Utility includes different kinds of commercial activities such as aerial works, electrical new gathering (ENG), passenger and cargo transport.

Civil Range

Airbus Helicopters’ civil range includes intermediate single-engine, light
twin-engine, medium and medium-heavy helicopters, which are
adaptable to all mission types based on customer needs. To maintain and
strengthen its competitive edge in the civil sector, the company invests in
R&D investments, notably on:
• The certification of the H160 by EASA in July 2020;
• The improvement of the existing range (i.e. H145 certified by EASA and
FAA in 2020 or the increased H125 performance certified in 2021 by
EASA and FAA) in the field of performances and safety in order to meet
customer’s requirements;
• The certification of the H160 by FAA in June 2023;
• The certification of the H175 by Civil Aviation Administration of China in
July 2023;
• Preparing the future H generation with major upgrades and new
products pursuing a fast-paced product range renewal.

Military Range

Airbus Helicopters’ military range comprises platforms derived from its
commercial range (such as the H145M and H225M, derived respectively
from the H145 and H225) as well as pure military platforms developed for
armed forces (such as the NH90 and the Tiger).
Designed for modern multi-mission capabilities and cost effectiveness
throughout its lifecycle, the NH90 has been developed as a multi-role
helicopter for both tactical transport (TTH) and naval (NFH) applications.
The programme, mainly financed by the governments of France,
Germany, Italy and the Netherlands, was jointly developed by Airbus
Helicopters, Leonardo of Italy and GKN Fokker of the Netherlands as joint
partners in NATO Helicopter Industries (NHI) in direct proportion to their
countries’ expressed procurement commitments. Airbus Helicopters’
share of NHI is 62.5%. By the end of 2024 more than 500 NH90 had
been delivered.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

19

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.3 Airbus Helicopters

On the Combat segment, the mid-life upgrade of the Tiger helicopter will
introduce state of the art mission systems, including crewed-uncrewed
teaming, new avionics and next generation of weapons (anti tank / air to
ground missile, laser guided rockets) in order to address future
requirements of the French and Spanish armies. By the end of 2024 166
Tigers were in service. Airbus is also a major contractor to the US Army,
having been chosen to supply the service’s UH-72A and UH-72B Lakota
helicopters (more than 470 in service by the end of 2024).
On the Uncrewed Aerial Systems domain, Airbus Helicopters is expanding
its range in order to cover more missions. The company is focusing on the
tactical drones market with the VSR700 mainly for Intelligence,
surveillance, targeting and reconnaissance (ISTAR) missions, and through
the acquisition of Flexrotor by Aerovel. Military helicopters can also be
complemented by drones to offer Crewed-uncrewed teaming (CuC-T) an
important area of development for Airbus Helicopters military range.

Customer Services

With more than 3,850 operators in over 150 countries, Airbus Helicopters
has a large fleet of more than 12,650 in-service rotorcraft to support. As a
result, customer service activities to support this large fleet generated
approximately 46% of Airbus Helicopters’ revenues for 2024. Airbus
Helicopters’ customer service activities consist primarily of maintenance,
repairs, spare parts supply, training and technical support. In order to
provide efficient worldwide service, Airbus Helicopters has established an
international network of subsidiaries, authorised distributors and
service centres.

Industrial Model

The roll-out of the new industrial model for Operations based on site
specialisation, the introduction of an improved industrial architecture and
the progressive deployment of flexible lines is now complete. The last
internal transfer of activity in the context of the site specialisation was
achieved in 2024 with the remaining transfer to Paris Le Bourget from
Donauwörth. By concentrating the production sites in specific helicopter
sections or technologies, the company expects to boost the
competitiveness of its operations and to increase its overall performance,
while improving the factories’ resilience to market fluctuations through the
contribution of each site to the entire product range.
Alongside site specialisation, the introduction of an improved industrial
architecture is being deployed, with major sub-assemblies produced,
assembled and tested in parallel, thus shortening the industrial cycle. The
reduction of the lead-time, in particular in the final assembly lines, aims at
decreasing the inventories and shortening the delivery time to Airbus
Helicopters customers. The ability to adapt quickly to market evolution is
also key. Therefore, the flexibility of the production lines to assemble
different products is being developed so that the industrial system can be
adjusted in a rapid manner to changing market requirements.

20

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

A further key element in the enhancement of the logistic set-up
supporting the new industrial model will be the entry into service of the
”One Log” hub in Albacete, Spain. The hub will help to enable the
rationalisation of logistics flows, moving from a ”point to point” concept
with spread flows, to a global logistics approach that will contribute to the
competitiveness of operations. In parallel, Airbus Helicopters is increasing
the focus on quality and operational performance through Centres of
Excellence in key helicopter components, such as Rotors and
Transmissions. The Centres of Excellence aim to unite all departments in
the organisation – from Engineering, through Procurement and Supply
chain, Quality and Production – to deliver best in class safety, quality
and performance.
The global industrial footprint continues to be developed to reduce the
product cost in the ”make” perimeter and to provide opportunities for the
rationalisation of the supply base. While keeping more complex activities
in the main sites in France, Germany and Spain, simpler work packages
are allocated to the Divisions’ sites in ”best cost countries”. In 2024, the
facility in Querétaro, Mexico, specialised in aluminium machined parts,
increased its workload. Additionally, the Division’s facility in Gyula,
Hungary, inaugurated in 2022 and specialised in hard metals machining,
delivered its first parts in 2023 and continued to grow in 2024.
Airbus Helicopters also keeps a strong focus on the extended enterprise.
Since the pandemic, supply chain monitoring and risk management has
been strengthened, increasing the capacity to anticipate and mitigate
potential disruptions and secure business continuity. The sourcing
strategy is being implemented, reshaping Airbus Helicopters supply base
to secure its current and future industrial performance, competitiveness
and maturity, as an essential part of the overall helicopter industrial
ecosystem. Considering the global lack of capacity in the supply chain,
extending to ”best cost countries” through the supply chain will continue
to be a priority in the future.
Furthermore, reducing the environmental footprint of the industrial
activities is a paramount axis of Airbus Helicopters industrial model.
Numerous projects supported by important investments are being
developed in all the sites, focusing on the reduction of the CO2 and volatile
organic compounds (VOC) emissions, energy and water consumption,
and also in the generation of waste.
Finally, the Company is paying special attention to preparing the future
of its factories, industrial processes and systems. In particular, ongoing
digital transformation programmes are targeting a redefinition of the
industrialisation and production of Airbus Helicopters products, which
should enable a major reduction of industrialisation cycles, while
raising efficiency and setting a new standard of quality, while
safeguarding cybersecurity.

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.4 Airbus Defence and Space

1.4 Airbus Defence and Space
Airbus Defence and Space (”ADS”) is a trusted partner to commercial and
government customers worldwide, providing products and services that
ensure mission success in the air, land, sea, space and cyber domains:
• Air Power designs, develops, delivers and supports manned and
unmanned military air systems and services. It is the leading fixed-wing
military aircraft supplier in Europe, and one of the global leaders in
combat, mission, transport and tanker aircraft. Key products include
the Eurofighter Typhoon, the A400M, the A330 Multi Role Tanker
Transport (”MRTT”), the C295, the Eurodrone, and is developing the
Future Combat Air System (”FCAS”) with partners. Missiles/effectors
for Air and Ground based platforms are developed and manufactured
by MBDA, in which Airbus Defence and Space has a 37.5% stake.
• Space Systems covers a broad range of civil and military space
offerings. Its satellite solutions for telecommunications, Earth
observation, navigation and science include spacecraft, ground
segments and payloads for institutional and commercial customers. It
also manufactures orbital and space exploration systems, including
human-rated modules. Space transportation capabilities (comprising
launchers and services) are offered via ArianeGroup, a 50/50 AirbusSafran joint venture.
• Connected Intelligence creates specific solutions for defence,
governmental, civil and commercial customers under four main
Programme Units: Space Digital, Public Safety and Security, Cyber and
Defence Digital. It provides trusted intelligence and secure connectivity
for mission- and business-critical communications, from radio to
broadband and mobile, on land, at sea and in the air.
Airbus Defence and Space is headquartered in the Munich region. The
Division’s main engineering and production facilities are located in France
(Paris region and South West France), Germany (Bavaria, BadenWürttemberg and Bremen), Spain (Madrid region and Andalusia) and the
United Kingdom (South England and Wales). In addition, Airbus Defence
and Space has affiliates and subsidiaries in some 40 countries around
the globe.
On 1 January 2024, Airbus Defence and Space implemented a new,
simplified organisational structure consisting of three business lines: Air
Power (merging Military Air Systems (”MiAS”) and FCAS, covering all air
defence capabilities), Space Systems, and Connected Intelligence, with
the operational elements of Engineering and Operations activities being
incorporated into each of the three business lines.
On 16 October 2024, Airbus Defence and Space presented a follow-up
plan to further adapt its organisation and workforce in light of a continuing
complex business environment (especially in the Space Systems
segment), and in view of an acceleration of technical trends that require
focused decision-making and execution as well as adaptability from each
of its distinctly different businesses. Targeted measures include creating a
more efficient and streamlined organisational structure for the Division,
particularly with regard to functions outside the value stream, and with a
further focus on over-arching tasks such as strategy, workforce
development, sites and footprint development, finance and other support
functions. In addition to reducing its cost base, through this adaptation
Airbus Defence and Space is targeting operative end-to-end
accountability for business lines, with the aim that they will eventually
have operational responsibility for their performance and results. The
social process covering this change as well as the announced workforce
reduction across Airbus Defence and Space officially started on
4 December 2024. The aim is for the adjusted organisation to be
operational by mid-2025.

1

This organisational change is paralleled by an effort to fundamentally
transform the ways of working and culture within Airbus Defence and
Space, to be better equipped for a future defence and space landscape
anticipated to be more commercially focused and information driven, with
an expected influx of new, well-backed entrants from the wider
technology space.

Strategy
The mission of Airbus Defence and Space is to support its customers to
defend their democracies, prevent crises, protect life and restore
damaged communities and ecosystems, providing safety and security and
respecting the highest standards of human rights. To achieve this, the
Company aims to shape and lead the Defence Aerospace industry in
Europe across its three main business segments:
• Air Power is at the core of Airbus Defence and Space and
encompasses Combat, Transport, Derivative and Mission Aircraft, in
addition to Unmanned Aerial Systems, Services, and Aerostructures.
To maintain its leading market position, Airbus Defence and Space is
pursuing new European programme opportunities while continuing to
evolve existing platforms and capabilities for long-term
competitiveness (e.g. Eurofighter Typhoon, A330 MRTT, A400M,
C-295, aircraft in service support). It also focuses on the future of Air
Power, leading the development of the system-of-systems
environment, of which FCAS is a cornerstone.
• as one of Europe’s space leaders, Space Systems aims to continue to
create more competitive products, working with European
governments and institutions to ensure the long-term health of the
entire European space industrial base. Therefore, a transformation plan
was initiated on 1 January 2024, with the aim of fostering a culture of
performance and sustainable profit levels, as well as de-risking the
business. In parallel, Airbus Defence and Space is actively working on
sustainability solutions, such as climate change monitoring. In light of
the increasing focus on defence activities in space, the Company is
aiming to provide nations with technologies for information superiority
and in-space operations.
• the Connected Intelligence business is active in cyber-defence
(Cyber), information and decision superiority (Defence Digital),
end-to-end space services (Space Digital) and critical communications
(Public Safety and Security) markets. Airbus Defence and Space aims
at being a key European player in Multi-Domain Operations. MultiDomain Operations can be defined as the integration of multi-domain
C2 (Command and Control) connectivity, information and decision
superiority, analytics and cyber capabilities into connected systems of
systems. This is intended to be the future digital backbone for Defence
and Security customers.
Globally, Airbus Defence and Space intends to leverage its existing
products and services, to innovate in new offerings, and to build selected
strategic partnerships, in order to strengthen its position in the market.

Corporate Social Responsibility
The Company is firmly committed to conducting its business based on
responsible ethical standards, and in compliance with applicable laws and
regulations. This includes the delivery of defence products in accordance
with export control laws, which are made in full transparency and
alignment with authorities and relevant stakeholders. Suppliers must also

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

21

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.4 Airbus Defence and Space

ensure that their business practices are in compliance with export control
laws and regulations including the US, EU and any applicable national
regulations, as well as compliance with sanctions and embargoes
legislation. Furthermore, suppliers are required to provide truthful and
accurate export control classification and information and obtain export
control licences.
Human rights play a key role in the way Airbus Defence and Space
conducts its business activities. This includes the integration of human
rights due diligence into the defence sales process with the aim of
reducing the risk of misuse of its defence products. This takes into
account country risk (based on publicly available indices) and intended
product use and supports the decision to progress to the export control
stage. Requirements for adherence to human rights laws, including the
Geneva Conventions, are part of Airbus’ standard conditions of sale for
defence products. Airbus Defence and Space is not involved in the
development, production or support of banned weapons and it maintains
policies and procedures to undertake due diligence on the sale of
defence products.

Market
Airbus Defence and Space is active in governmental, institutional and
commercial markets. As a general trend, defence budgets are forecast to
grow globally, triggered by geopolitical shifts, heightened security risks
and the impact of natural disasters. European defence budgets are
forecast to grow due to major modernisation needs across countries and
in order to meet NATO requirements. At the same time, defence and
space programmes and other government activities (e.g. social welfare)
compete for the same, finite national budgets. Moreover, an increase in
the number of domestic and international defence contractors, as well as
lower cost of access to defence and space markets, allows for new
entrants and increased competition. Market access outside the Airbus
home countries may continue to be subject to restrictions or preconditions
such as national content, local industrial participation or the provision of
export licences. Nevertheless, Airbus Defence and Space is wellpositioned to benefit from the global growth in defence expenditure.

Air Power
Customers

The Air Power Business Line, with its combat, military transport and
mission aircraft and UAS, along with related services, mainly supplies the
public sector, specifically armed forces. Customer relationships in this
segment are characterised by their long-term, strategic nature and long
decision-making cycles. Once a contract is signed, its life span, including
the services business, often lasts for decades. Beyond a strong foothold
in the home countries, the Company’s customer base is increasingly
global, in particular due to the success of the A330 MRTT and
C295 programmes.
The volatile, uncertain, complex and ambiguous geopolitical situation is
gradually leading to a greater importance of defence in Europe. A clear
signal in this direction was the signature of FCAS, which has been
progressing over the past five years. There is also notable momentum in
Europe for cooperation in large UAS programmes. Beyond the Eurodrone,
the Company’s unmanned aerial systems help solve challenges for
commercial, government and military customers alike. Institutional and
government customers are recognising the benefits of UAS for public
services. An increasing number of applications require UAS solutions in

22

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

areas such as law enforcement, fire-fighting, humanitarian assistance and
disaster relief, border protection, emergency services and maritime
surveillance. Civil and enterprise customer interest for UAS continues to
grow, with the main focus being on smaller and tactical UAS.
Some customers may find a service and leasing model more adapted to
their specific needs. UAS services offer further growth potential with
different levels of flexibility and customer involvement. The business
encompasses the full set of services ranging from logistics, Maintenance,
Repair and Overhaul (”MRO”) and data analytics offers, to traditional
leasing into complete aircraft-as-a-service flight operations.

Competitors

The market for military aircraft is dominated by large- and medium-sized
American and European companies capable of complex systems
integration. Among the competitive factors are affordability, technical and
management capability, and the ability to develop and implement complex
integrated system architectures. The required skills for overall systems
integration into an aircraft are extensive and the number of credible
players in the world market is rather limited. In particular, dedicated
mission aircraft such as heavy tankers, are derived from existing aircraft
platforms. Adapting them requires thorough knowledge of the basic
airframe, which generally only the aircraft manufacturer will possess,
along with knowledge of systems architecture and integration.
The main competitors in the military transport and mission aircraft market
include Boeing, Dassault Aviation, Embraer, Leonardo, Northrop
Grumman, Saab, Antonov, and the United Aircraft Corporation. Heavy
military transport has historically been driven by US policy and budget
decisions, therefore has been dominated by US manufacturers and split in
strategic and tactical aircraft segments. On Combat, the Company’s
activities take place through the contribution to the Eurofighter Typhoon,
jointly with BAE Systems and Leonardo. The main competitors in the
segment include Boeing, Dassault Aviation, Lockheed Martin, Saab and
UAC. With regards to UAS platforms, Israeli and US firms are well
established, with European and Chinese companies gaining in relevance.
Major competitors include AeroVironment, Baykar Technology, Boeing,
Elbit Systems, General Atomics, Israel Aerospace Industries, Leonardo,
Northrop Grumman and Turkish Aerospace Industries. The market is also
seeing the emergence of new, smaller companies worldwide, addressing
specific and/or national requirements. There is room and need for
synergies and partnerships between smaller and larger UAS companies.
Across all segments of the defence and space markets the Company
continues to see and anticipate new entrants, largely from the Tech
sector. These new entrants can be competitors, but may also be partners
for Airbus Defence and Space, offering complementary skills and assets.

Market Trend

The sale of aircraft is expected to remain stable in the light and medium
transport and special mission aircraft segments and could grow for the
heavy transport segment. In combat, new collaborative programmes are
underway for the development of new sixth-generation fighters.
After-sales services are an important business for Air Power and are
continuously growing in line with the deliveries of A400M and A330
MRTT, on top of the existing robust revenue stream associated with
Eurofighter and Tornado in-service support.
On the unmanned aerial systems front, while defence remains the largest
sector, civil and institutional markets are growing steadily, especially in the
smaller UAS tactical categories. Services verticals are expected to offer

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.4 Airbus Defence and Space

1
increasingly interesting prospects as the market evolves. The
governmental market especially for advanced UAS features strong growth
with significant opportunities in Europe, the US and Asia Pacific. Small and
flexible UAS see wide application among armed forces and other
homeland security agencies alike.

Products and services

FCAS – Future Combat Air System: FCAS is being developed as a
”system of systems” combining a manned new generation fighter teaming
with unmanned remote carriers, collaborating with upgraded existing and
new platforms (e.g. Eurofighter, A400M, MRTT, Eurodrone, etc.)
orchestrated by a multi-domain combat cloud (”MDCC”). The journey to
meet the doctrinal and technological challenges lying ahead will be
step-by-step. As the largest and most ambitious European defence
development for decades to come, the Company anticipates FCAS will be
a key to Europe’s operational, technological and industrial sovereignty.
FCAS should foster development of new technologies such as Artificial
Intelligence (”AI”), cyber, cloud, and drones. It is anticipated that FCAS will
deliver increasing operational effects by leveraging the collaborative
capabilities of all connected platforms across domains (air, land sea, space
and cyber) bringing the next level of air power. The goal is for FCAS to
accentuate and unify multiple areas of the Airbus Defence and Space
portfolio and its products.
FCAS has been progressing with the execution and achievement of the
Joint Concept Study and the Demonstrator Phase 1A by the three Air
Forces in September 2021. The FCAS Demonstrator Phase 1B was signed
on 16 December 2022. This phase covers the work on the demonstrator
and its components for about three and a half years. Phase 2 would be the
next step following Phase 1B, with flight demonstration being targeted
towards the end of the decade. It is anticipated that Airbus military aircraft
such as A400M, MRTT, Eurofighter and other manned and unmanned
platforms will play key roles in the FCAS ecosystem.
A400M – Heavy military transport: the A400M is the most capable new
generation airlifter on the market today, aiming to meet the needs of the
armed forces worldwide and potential operators for military, humanitarian
and peacekeeping missions in the twenty-first century. The A400M can
perform the job of three different types of military transport and tanker
aircraft by providing different capabilities: tactical (short to medium range
airlifter capability with short, soft and austere field operating
performance), strategic transport (longer range missions for outsized
loads) and tactical tanker.
A total of 178 aircraft have been ordered so far. This includes the seven
launch customer nations, Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg, Spain,
Turkey, the UK, as well as three export customers, Malaysia, Kazakhstan
and Indonesia. Further interest exists from various regions worldwide,
including Asia, the Middle East and Latin America.
Since 2013 (and through 31 December 2024), 130 units have been
delivered to nine nations. The A400M has been deployed in operations
since 2014, accumulating more than 205,000 flight hours in service. In
October 2024, Airbus signed two strategic contracts with the Organisation
for Joint Armament Cooperation (OCCAR), which manages the A400M
programme on behalf of the launch customer nations. These new
contracts are the so-called A400M Global Support Services (GSS3) and
”Block Upgrade 0”, intended to enhance the aircraft’s capabilities. The
A400M is designed to disrupt the difference between strategic and

tactical transport by offering both capabilities in one. This saves both time
and costs as customers can fly a long range strategic aircraft into a
tactical zone of operation.
A330 MRTT – Multi-role tanker transport: the A330 MRTT, a derivative of
the Airbus A330-200 family, offers military strategic air transport as well
as air-to-air refuelling capabilities. Its large fuel tank capacity (111t), a
benefit of the design of the commercial platform, allows it to dispense fuel
in flight to many receiver aircraft without the need for additional fuel tanks.
This allows the entire lower deck cargo bay compartment to be available
for freight (up to 37t), with the possibility to transport up to 27 standard
civil LD3 containers, or up to eight 436L military pallets as well as the
capacity to transport up to 300 troops in the upper deck cabin
compartment, with the high level of comfort of a civil airliner.
The A330 MRTT is equipped with state of the art refuelling systems,
including an Aerial Refuelling Boom System (ARBS) and under-wing
refuelling pods. It is the first and so far only aircraft in the world to perform
automatic air-to-air refuelling (A3R) with a boom. At the end of 2024, 82
A330 MRTT have been ordered by 15 national operators (more than 94%
market share over the past ten years, excluding the US), with 62 platforms
already delivered and operating worldwide, accumulating more than
300,000 flight hours in operation.
In 2024, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ordered four additional Airbus A330
MRTT for the Royal Saudi Arabia Air Force (RSAF).In 2024, Airbus
announced the A330 MRTT+ programme as a natural evolution of the
A330 MRTT. The A330-200 baseline aircraft will be replaced by the
A330neo (A330-800), which is expected to reduce the aircraft’s fuel burn
by up to 8%, allowing for more range and/or offload capacity. Following a
development phase, it is anticipated the A330 MRTT+ can be introduced
to customers in the coming years.
Eurofighter combat aircraft: the Eurofighter multi-role combat aircraft
(also referred to as Typhoon) has been designed to enhance fleet
efficiency through a single flying weapon system capable of fulfilling both
air-to-air and air-to-ground missions. Eurofighter Jagdflugzeug GmbH is
owned by Airbus Defence and Space (46%), BAE Systems (33%) and
Leonardo (21%). With regards to series production, the respective
production work shares of the participating partners within the Eurofighter
consortium stand at 43% for Airbus Defence and Space, 37.5% for BAE
Systems and 19.5% for Leonardo. Airbus Defence and Space develops and
manufactures the centre fuselage and the right wing and leading edge
slats for all aircraft, and is in charge of final assembly of aircraft ordered by
the German, Spanish and Austrian air forces.
To date, 721 Eurofighters have been ordered by nine customers (UK,
Germany, Italy, Spain, Austria, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Kuwait and Qatar). In
December 2024, Spain ordered an additional 25 aircraft and Italy placed
an order for up to 24 additional aircraft. By the end of 2024 a total of 609
aircraft were delivered. Export opportunities are being actively developed
together with the other shareholders of the Eurofighter consortium.
C295 – Light and Medium military transport/mission aircraft: the C295 is
a workhorse of tactical military transport, conducting logistical missions
including the transport and delivery of personnel and cargo as well as
medical evacuations. The aircraft are deployed in demanding operational
environments and have been used for humanitarian missions. The aircraft
are also offered as a dedicated mission aircraft with configurations beyond
the traditional airlifter version, for example maritime surveillance and

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

23

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.4 Airbus Defence and Space

anti-submarine warfare, airborne early warning and control, firefighting
and intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (”ISR”), among other
missions. This family of aircraft has been in service for more than 20 years,
and has proven to be robust, reliable, high-performing, efficient, flexible
and easy to operate in any environment, and with low operating costs.
More than 300 orders have been recorded for the C295 by 41 operators
through the end of 2024. In October 2024, Tata Advanced Systems
Limited (TASL) and Airbus inaugurated the Final Assembly Line (FAL)
complex for the Airbus C295 aircraft in Vadodara, Gujarat in India,
pioneering the ’Make in India’ project to manufacture and assemble 40
C295 aircraft for the Indian Air Force (IAF).
UAS - Unmanned Aerial Systems: in the field of UAS platforms, Airbus
Defence and Space is active at both product (Eurodrone, Zephyr, Sirtap)
and service levels, supplying robust and dependable solutions for
customers across military, commercial and institutional markets. Solutions
span from tactical UAS to stratospheric solar powered high altitude
platform station (”HAPS”). Next generation air superiority programmes
such as FCAS are planned to feature strong UAS components, spurring
the development of different types of remote carriers, and leveraging
manned-unmanned teaming (”MUM-T”) technologies.
Eurodrone – Medium Altitude Long Endurance Remotely Piloted Aircraft
System (”MALE RPAS”): is the first unmanned aerial system designed for
flight in non-segregated airspace. This programme which is under
development should give Europe its own unparalleled competencies in the
field of UAS, offering advanced strategic performance capabilities, and
with the aim to allow for mission modularity for ISR missions, contributing
to European sovereignty. The Eurodrone contract between Airbus
Defence and Space as industry prime (in partnership with Leonardo and
Dassault), and OCCAR on behalf of the nations (Germany, France, Spain
and Italy) provides for the delivery of 20 Eurodrone systems (with 3 drones
and 2 ground stations each), along with an initial five-year package of
in-service support.

to have demonstrated day/night longevity in the stratosphere. It offers a
range of continuous surveillance, communications and monitoring
services for both military and civil markets. In June 2024, a Japanese
Consortium led by NTT DOCOMO, Inc. and Space Compass Corporation,
together with Mizuho Bank Limited and the Development Bank of Japan
Inc., committed to invest USD$100m in AALTO HAPS Limited (”AALTO”),
which manufactures and operates Zephyr HAPS. Airbus Defence and
Space will remain AALTO’s majority shareholder.
SIRTAP – Sistema RPAS Táctico de Altas Prestaciones (or High
Performance Remotely Manned System): is the next generation tactical
fixed-wing UAS designed to meet the operational requirements of armed
forces and governmental agencies around the world, providing extended
endurance and a flexible payload in a range of capabilities adapted to fulfil
ISR missions across military and civil markets. As it will be dual-use, it
should be capable of carrying missions such as maritime surveillance,
search and rescue, natural disaster relief, fire fighting support, as well as
target identification, damage evaluation operations, ISTAR missions and
convoy protection, among others. In 2024, following the contract
signature with the Spanish Ministry of Defence for the development and
acquisition of nine SIRTAP systems, SIRTAP’s Final Assembly Line
kicked-off at Airbus in Getafe.
Air Power Services: Airbus Defence and Space offers and provides
various services for and related to military aircraft and UAS. Throughout
the lifetime of its aircraft, the Company offers integrated logistics support,
in-service support, maintenance and upgrades, along with training and
flight hour services. For example, the A330 MRTT contract with the UK
Ministry of Defence through the Air Tanker consortium includes the
provision for all necessary infrastructure, training, maintenance, flight
management, fleet management and ground services to enable the Royal
Air Force to fly air-to-air refuelling and transport missions worldwide.

Eurodrone is anticipated to offer capabilities that facilitate international
conflict prevention and crisis management during all phases of operation
- especially in the field of Intelligence, Surveillance, Target Acquisition and
Reconnaissance (”ISTAR”). As a four-nation project, Eurodrone should
help to strengthen European sovereignty by establishing and expanding
an independent technological base in the field of unmanned aviation. This
programme reflects the initiative to increasingly rely on multinational
armament projects. Development, procurement and operation are
planned to be carried out jointly, which should save costs and increase
efficiency.

Services support legacy aircraft beyond those types currently in
production at Airbus Defence and Space, conducting upgrade
programmes for aircraft such as the Tornado and NATO’s Airborne
Warning and Control System (”AWACS”). Airbus Defence and Space
provides a broad range of training services for pilots, engineers,
maintenance and air crews. Covering the complete pilot training path,
from initial training through the Airbus Flight Academy of Europe (”AFAE”),
to type and conversion training through Airbus Defence and Space’s
international training centre and training centres located at customers’
bases, as well as advanced mission training through other subsidiaries.
Airbus Defence and Space continues to develop the training of the future,
enabled by digital, collective simulation and live virtual constructive
technologies.

Eurodrone is designed to become one of the main pillars of any future
combat air system, prepared for real integration into civil airspace based
on minimal restrictions and easy transportability due to its modular design.
The design aims to offer multi-mission capabilities and significant growth
potential, for homeland operations, ISTAR and armed ISTAR, which can be
conducted with full operational sovereignty. Japan, which joined the
Eurodrone programme as an observer in 2023, continued its engagement
in 2024. In 2024, the first contractual milestones for the Eurodrone
programme (including the preliminary design review) were achieved.

Airbus Defence and Space maintains a network of MRO centres
strategically located throughout the world for greater proximity to the
customer, for example in Europe, in Seville, Warsaw or Manching
(Germany), in the US in Mobile, Alabama, or at subsidiaries in Saudi Arabia
or Canada. Supporting more than 1,600 aircraft worldwide, the
contribution of Services continues to grow. Airbus Defence and Space
offers UAS services through Airbus DS Airborne Solutions GmbH,
supporting FRONTEX (the European Border and Coast Guard Agency) for
surveillance operations in the Mediterranean Sea.

Zephyr – solar-electric stratospheric HAPS: is designed to be capable of
flying continuously for months at a time at around 70,000ft, above
weather and conventional air traffic. It remains the only fixed-wing HAPS

24

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.4 Airbus Defence and Space

1
Space Systems
Commercial Sector: Telecommunications Satellites, Space
Infrastructure, Launch Services

The commercial telecommunications satellite market is highly competitive
– with customer decisions primarily based on price, technical expertise and
track record. The main competitors for telecommunications satellites are
(in the US) Boeing, Lockheed Martin, MAXAR Technologies and Northrop
Grumman, (in Europe) Thales Alenia Space and OHB, and (in Asia) the
China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, ISTRO and Melco.
The commercial geostationary (”GEO”) telecommunications satellite
market continues to stabilise. While the number of orders for traditional
GEO satellites has declined, the demand for alternative solutions is high. In
this context, software-defined satellites and small GEO are becoming
more relevant, and large system integrators like Airbus are tapping into
new market trends. For example, Airbus aims to participate as a key
industrial supplier in Europe’s LEO constellation, known as the
Infrastructure for Resilience, Interconnectivity and Security by Satellite
(”IRIS²”) programme, which began in earnest with signature of a
concession agreement between the European Union and the SpaceRISE
industrial consortium at the end of 2024. Constellations beyond Europe
are also gaining traction, with full funding confirmed for Telesat’s
”Lightspeed” constellation in 2024, and Amazon anticipated to shortly
launch its first satellites for Project Kuiper. These competitor
constellations are expected to commence service delivery in the second
part of this decade.
The OneWeb global high-speed internet constellation was completed in
2023, with 600+ satellites now in orbit and full global service entry
anticipated in the near-term. This endeavour required a full re-think of
satellite design and manufacturing, to facilitate production at competitive
costs and on relatively short timelines. Since January 2024, Airbus has
been the sole owner of the former Airbus OneWeb Satellites
manufacturing facility in Merritt Island, Florida, supplying commercial and
US government contracts. In December 2024 Airbus Defence and Space
was awarded a contract by Eutelsat to build an extension of the OneWeb
Low Earth Orbit (LEO) constellation, with the first batch comprising 100
new satellites to be built at the Airbus site in Toulouse. The Airbus and
Voyager Space joint venture, Starlab Space, has gained momentum over
2024 with new equity partners Mitsubishi Space and MDA Space joining
the team. Starlab Space is set to develop, build, and operate Starlab, an
industry-led space station that is planned to replace the International
Space Station (which is due to conclude operations in 2030).
The market for commercial launch services continues to evolve, with
ongoing competitive pressure. Arianespace (a subsidiary of AirbusSafran’s ArianeGroup joint venture) provides launch services with Ariane
launchers and with Vega launchers (until Vega flight 29). Competitors for
launch services include SpaceX, United Launch Alliance, Rocket Lab (for
smaller payloads) and various national space agencies. 2024 marked the
first flight of Europe’s new heavy-lift launcher, Ariane 6 and the last flight
of the Vega launcher, while the new Vega-C launcher made a successful
return to flight after a 2 year hiatus. For further information on the
ArianeGroup joint venture, please see below under ”ArianeGroup”.

Governmental Sector: Satellites, Space Infrastructure,
Launchers, Deterrence

In the public market for Earth Observation (”EO”), navigation and science
satellites, competition in Europe is organised on a national and
multinational level, primarily through the European Space Agency (”ESA”),

the European Commission and national space agencies. Space Systems
remains a major player in the EO segment, involved in the 12 existing and
future Copernicus environment missions. The Company was awarded a
contract by ESA in 2024 for the development of the GRACE-C gravitymonitoring and Vigil space weather satellites. There is also continued
export demand for Earth Observation systems. The export market is
expected to continue growing over the medium-term, driven by
demand from new governmental operators on top of the replacement of
existing assets.
Airbus Defence and Space is building on its re-established position on the
navigation side, as it continues to work on the manufacturing of six Galileo
second-generation satellites for Europe’s navigation system as well as the
EGNOS V3 navigation overlay system, critical for aircraft navigation.
The space exploration segment comprises scientific missions for solar
system exploration and crewed space systems. Demand for space
exploration systems originates solely from publicly funded space
agencies, in particular from ESA, NASA, and JAXA (Japan). Such systems
are typically built in cooperation with international partners. The
predominant field of activity in this segment is to provide continuing
support to the operations of the ISS, together with vehicle and equipment
development programmes and services. Airbus Defence and Space is the
prime contractor for the Orion European Service Module for NASA’s
Artemis Moon-return missions, with six modules under contract. In 2022,
the Orion spacecraft successfully completed the first full test mission
(Artemis I), with a trip around the moon. The Artemis II crewed mission is
set for launch in 2026. As the future exploration plans of the various
national space agencies take shape with a growing focus on a sustainable
return to the moon and further Mars exploration, Space Systems is taking
an important role in providing vehicles, platforms and services to support
these ambitious endeavours.
Against the current geopolitical backdrop, there is growing attention to
military capabilities in Space. Airbus Defence and Space aims to support
nations by providing connectivity, information superiority and in-space
operations for defence. There is strong demand in the governmental
satcom market in the Airbus home nations, as well as internationally. In
2024 the Company signed two major contracts for government needs: the
first with Space 42 in the UAE for their new geostationary secure
telecommunications satellites, Al Yah 4 and Al Yah 5. The second with the
German Armed Forces for their next-generation secure military satellite
system which includes geostationary satellites as well as covering ground
segment, launch and operations for 15 years.
The equipment business has benefited from a stable European market,
with growth in the US materialising in 2024. Notable recent contracts to
supply constellation equipment include: 200 Sparkwing solar arrays under
direct contract to Airbus, and 800 laser terminals and 500 star trackers
under contract respectively to the Company’s Tesat and Jena Optronik
subsidiaries. There is potential for future growth arising from additional
countries developing their space capabilities.
ArianeGroup, a joint venture between the Company and Safran, is the lead
contractor for Europe’s Ariane 6 launcher family, and responsible for the
design, manufacture and marketing of launch services through its
subsidiary, Arianespace. It is also responsible for the research, design,
development, production and support of missiles for the French nuclear
deterrent force (French Strategic Oceanic Force). These activities are
compliant with the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

25

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.4 Airbus Defence and Space

The Company’s reported revenues do not include any revenues relating to
these activities (accounted for using the equity-method) as it does not
have exclusive control of the joint ventures.

Products and Services

Human space flight: Airbus has played an important role in human
spaceflight, starting with the Spacelab reusable laboratory flown on the
US Space Shuttle, followed by the development of the Columbus module
and the Automated Transfer Vehicle (ATV) spacecraft for the ISS. Today,
Airbus’ expertise is being applied to the European Service Module (”ESM”)
powering Orion. Airbus is the prime contractor to ESA for the development
and manufacturing of six ESMs, the first of which flew on NASA’s Artemis I
mission in November 2022. Artemis II is currently scheduled to fly in
April 2026.
Looking to the future, Airbus is paving the way towards industry-led space
stations, as the ISS approaches end of life at the turn of the decade. Along
with Voyager Space, it was a founding member of Starlab Space LLC, a
global joint venture between Voyager Space, Airbus, Mitsubishi
Corporation and MDA Space that is designing, building, and will operate
the Starlab commercial space station. Starlab will serve a global customer
base of space agencies, researchers, and companies, ensuring a
continued human presence in low-Earth orbit and a seamless transition of
microgravity science and research from the International Space Station
into the new commercial space station era. Airbus, on behalf of Starlab
Space LLC, is responsible for the engineering of the overall Starlab system
as well as for the construction and outfitting of its habitat.
Telecommunication satellites: Airbus Defence and Space produces
telecommunication satellites used for both civil and military applications,
such as television and radio broadcasting, fixed and mobile
communication services and internet broadband access. Airbus was first
to bring a reconfigurable satellite (OneSat product) to the
telecommunications market. The Company has nine OneSats under
contract; three for Inmarsat for the first of their next generation of
geostationary Ka-band satellites, one for Optus (an Australian operator),
two for Intelsat, one for SkyPerfect JSAT, one for Thaicom and one for an
undisclosed customer. With regards to its new all-electric and customer
oriented Eurostar Neo platform, manufacturing is ongoing for seven
satellites for the UAE’s Space 42 as well as the Spanish, German and
UK governments.
Observation and scientific / exploration satellites: Airbus Defence and
Space supplies Earth Observation satellite systems carrying optical and
radar instruments and ground infrastructures for both civil and military
applications. Customers can derive significant benefits from the common
elements of the Company’s civil and military observation solutions, which
allow the collection of information for various applications, such as
cartography, weather forecasting, climate monitoring, mineral, energy and
water resource management, as well as military reconnaissance
and surveillance.

26

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Airbus Defence and Space also produces scientific satellites and space
infrastructure, which are tailor-made products adapted to the specific
requirements of the mostly high-end missions assigned to them.
Applications include astronomical observation of radiation sources within
the universe and planetary exploration. Current projects under design and
build for the European Space Agency include Earth Return Orbiter to bring
the first ever Mars samples back to earth, the ExoMars rover, Ariel
Europe’s next exo-planet mission, and SMILE, to image earth’s magnetic
environment. Flagship inter-planetary missions include the JUICE
spacecraft, ESA’s next life-tracker inside our solar system, and
BepiColombo, Europe’s first mission to Mercury.
Navigation satellites: Airbus Defence and Space is prime contractor for
EGNOS V3, the next generation of the European Satellite Based
Augmentation System, planned to provide the aviation community with
advanced ”safety of life services” and additional new services to maritime
and land users. Airbus is also manufacturing the first of six satellites for the
second generation of Europe’s Galileo, embarking on a new and enhanced
payload that will open new possibilities for the navigation sector.
Space products: Airbus Defence and Space serves the worldwide market
with space products through its own Airbus brand as well as the brands
Jena-Optronik and TESAT. Space Products offers an unmatched and
extensive portfolio of embedded subsystems, equipment and services for
all types of space applications: telecommunications, EO, navigation,
scientific and space exploration missions, human spaceflight
and launchers.
Commercial launchers: ArianeGroup - an Airbus–Safran joint venture manufactures launchers and performs research and development for the
Ariane programme as well as the reusable Maia launcher. Member States,
through ESA, fund the development costs for Ariane launchers and
associated technology. For almost 20 years Airbus Defence and Space
was the sole prime contractor for the Ariane 5 system, which completed
its final flight in 2023. 2024 marked the first flight of Europe’s new
heavy-lift launcher, Ariane 6. Only two years after the creation of
MaiaSpace, almost all sub-systems of the Maia launcher have been
produced and tested thanks to their iterative ”test & learn” approach and
pragmatic industrial footprint, with the commencement of commercial
exploitation being targeted for 2026.
French deterrence systems: ArianeGroup, as prime contractor, holds the
contracts with the French State for its submarine-launched deterrence
system family.

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.4 Airbus Defence and Space

1
Connected Intelligence
Connected Intelligence is active in the cyber-defence, information and
decision superiority, end-to-end space services and professional mobile
radio markets. It’s divided into four Programme Units: Defence Digital,
Cyber, Space Digital, and Public Safety & Security.
Defence Digital: is ”designed” to be the ”digital light-house” for our
defence customers, who demand fully interoperable, digitised and
automated multi-domain solutions for changing defence conditions. Key
users include Germany, France and UK as well as other NATO nations and
international missions such as NATO AWACS (Airborne Warning and
Control System) and NATO AGS (Alliance Ground Surveillance).
Cyber: serves Europe and its allies as a trusted European cybersecurity
provider, as a specialist in cybersecurity for Defence and Aerospace
systems, assets and network and endpoint security. Its mission is to
design, develop, integrate and deploy tailored and reliable cybersecurity
products and solutions for defence, governmental, institutional and
commercial customers as well as for critical national infrastructure. The
Cyber Programme Unit is the home to the Division’s core cybersecurity
competences and capabilities, with clear governance to support all
business lines of Airbus Defence and Space.
Space Digital: provides trusted Space Solutions, uniting Connected
Intelligence’s space-related services and capabilities. Its customers are
governmental, institutional, and commercial. In the geospatial domain,
Space Digital offers a comprehensive range of geospatial data and
services, including earth observation imagery, advanced products such as
mosaics, elevation models, and 3D imagery, analytics and geospatial
solutions catering to diverse industries, including defence, security,
intelligence, environment, agriculture, maritime, oil & gas and more. These
data and services are provided through a wide range of channels, from
digital (e.g. the OneAtlas platform) to dedicated infrastructure (Direct
Receiving Stations). The Programme Unit is also operating in
governmental satellite communications and military space, offering
multi-domain (land, sea and air) secure sovereign space solutions for
national and global security, notably the UK, France, Germany, the US,
European Institutions and NATO.
Public Safety and Security: Public Safety and Security aims to deliver
critical communications solutions to organisations - governmental,
defence and private - which are responsible for the security and the
protection of the population, critical infrastructures and environment. In
this respect, Public Safety and Security is paving the way for the digital
transformation of its customers.

Products and Services

Defence Digital: is a recognised actor in defence intelligence as well as a
system house supplier for securely connected ISR (Intelligence,
Surveillance and Reconnaissance), Air Defence and Land Command and
Control solutions. Defence Digital provides multi-domain and cyberresilient information superiority through real-time ISR data fusion and
predictive analysis for military and governmental customers. It develops its
solutions to support multi-domain operations, fostering a culture of
proactive digitalisation within Airbus to meet the defence market
demands. Airbus Defence and Space has supported the German Air Force
for over 30 years with its AirC2 (a control and reporting centre) and
ground-based air defence system. Developed according to NATO
standards, these solutions ensure interoperability for collaborative NATO

operations. Real-time ISR, data fusion, and predictive analysis capabilities
are actively deployed in NATO missions and certain European Ministries
of Defence.
Cyber: the portfolio encompasses broad expertise in cyber project
management, including crypto and key management systems, security
gateways, network and endpoint protection, aerospace multi-messaging
systems, detection and response chain, and cyber attack simulation
platforms. Having protected Airbus Defence and Space complex systems
and networks for over 30 years, this programme is leveraging the Airbus
DNA to develop products and solutions for customers facing similar
challenges, based on state-of-the-art trusted technologies. Cyber
security is a very dynamic sector, and the Company’s strategy aims to
ensure the group and its ecosystem benefit from the best
possible protection.
The Cyber Programme Unit consists of Cyber Programmes (including
Infodas) and Stormshield. Stormshield provides standardised solutions for
roughly 20,000 firewalls per year, comprising a range of 8 models from
entry-level to high-end, while remaining an arm’s length affiliate due to its
specific business model. Infodas was acquired by Airbus Defence and
Space in September 2024. The Infodas portfolio comprises cross-domain
cybersecurity solutions (security gateways, data diodes, data
classification services), patch management for isolated networks, and
cybersecurity / IT consulting services.
Space Digital: The Geospatial business manages a fleet of satellites,
including radar (TerraSAR-X, TanDEM-X and PAZ) and optical (2 Pléiades,
2 Pléiades Neo, SPOT 6, Vision 1) satellites. The Company is committed to
delivering high quality earth observation services including high resolution
satellite imagery to support various needs, including disaster relief for
rescue operations. 2024 saw Space Digital’s kick-off of the Pléiades Neo
Next programme for the next generation of high resolution imagery. All
satellite images are accessible on the OneAtlas platform with both optical
and radar imagery available, ad-hoc analytics included.
Space Digital provides satellite communications (satcom) and sovereign
military space solutions for governments, defence, and international
agencies. Building on the success of the UK’s Skynet 5 programme, the
Programme Unit delivers end-to-end satcom systems and mission-critical
space services for national and global security customers including
France, Germany, UK, US, European Institutions and NATO. This includes
the management and delivery of pioneering European Data Relay Satellite
system (EDRS) high data throughput communications services. In 2024,
Space Digital successfully launched a hosted payload on EUTELSAT 36D
to provide Ultra High Frequency (UHF) military communications to
European Ministries of Defence.
Public Safety and Security: offers advanced mobile communication and
collaboration solutions with the highest standards of security and
reliability to Public Safety organisations and enterprises. Its portfolio of
products and services evolves constantly to meet the changing
requirements of public safety, defence, critical infrastructures and TUI
sectors (transport, utilities and industry). To deliver the solutions which
enhance situational awareness, improve user experience and safety, and
optimise operational efficiency, Public Safety and Security integrates
infrastructures, networks, devices, applications, software, and services,
based on narrowband (TETRA, Tetrapol) and broadband (4G/5G)
technologies. The Agnet solution is based on the latest 4G/5G broadband

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

27

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.4 Airbus Defence and Space

technologies and includes voice communication, messaging and
multimedia sharing as well as interoperability with TETRA and Tetrapol
technologies.
In 2024, Public Safety and Security received various awards for the
renewal and upgrade of its installed base all over the world, notably in
Germany where all core network migrations were successfully achieved
as part of the mid-life upgrade of the Bosnet VTS network. In France,
Public Safety and Security and its partners completed several operational
demonstrations of the Réseau Radio du Futur for the French Ministry of
the Interior, with roll-out anticipated to follow in the near term. 2024 also
marked the commercial launch of Agnet Turnaround, designed for
communications among ground handling stakeholders at airports, and the
receipt of awards for two new projects: EUCCS preparation, an EU-funded
project which aims at demonstrating cross-border interoperability
between broadband systems, and Air!5G whose objective is to
demonstrate the complementarity between terrestrial and non-terrestrial
5G for defence and public safety purposes. In addition to these
developments, Public Safety and Security’s solutions were extensively
used by first responders during recent natural disasters, including the
significant floods in Spain, Germany, France and Dubai. Finally, Public
Safety and Security successfully supported several major sports and
cultural events worldwide, including the Paris 2024 Summer
Olympic Games.

MBDA
Airbus Defence and Space holds a 37.5% stake in MBDA (a joint venture
with BAE Systems and Leonardo). MBDA offers missile systems
capabilities that cover the whole range of solutions for air dominance,
ground-based air defence, maritime superiority and battlefield
engagement. Beyond its role in European markets, MBDA has an
established presence in export markets like Asia, the Gulf region and Latin
America. The broad product portfolio covers all five principal missile
system categories: air-to-air, air-to-surface, surface-to-air, anti-ship and
surface-to-surface. MBDA’s product range also includes a portfolio of
airborne countermeasures such as missile warning and decoy systems
and other customer support activities.

28

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

The most significant programmes currently under development are the
next generation of the successful MICA air-to-air missile (Missile
d’interception, de combat et d’autodéfense), the SPEAR 3 missile (selected
precision effects at range capability 3), the precision attack Brimstone 3
missile, the CAMM-ER missile (Common anti-air modular missile extended
range), as well as the battlefield engagement Akeron LP missile.
The development of the Anglo-French joint venture for a FC/ASW (Future
Cruise/ Anti-Ship Weapon) is under assessment. Recent product
upgrades also include the Aster Block 1 NT (New Technology), the air and
missile defence systems for France and Italy, the Sea Venom / ANL
(Anti-Navire Léger) missile for the helicopters of the UK and French navies,
as well as the Enforcer/Akeron MP missile for the battlefield of the two
nations.
Further activities include the preparation of hypersonic and direct energy
applications/systems for future programmes such as FCAS and GCAP, the
production of various aircraft packages for the Eurofighter Typhoon and
Rafale existing programmes (including ASRAAM, MICA, and Meteor), as
well as the production of ground based air defence packages (including
CAMM, VL MICA and Mistral) and various packages for frigate and
corvette systems/missiles (including Aster, CAMM, VL MICA, Marte ER
and Otomat).

ArianeGroup
Airbus Defence and Space is active in the field of launchers and launch
services through ArianeGroup, a joint venture with Safran. ArianeGroup is
responsible for the coordination and programme management of civil
activities of the launcher business and other adjacent activities, providing
a complete range of launch services with Ariane launchers and with Vega
launchers (until Vega flight 29).

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.5 Other Corporate Activities

1.5 Other Corporate Activities
1.5.1	Digital and Information
Management
1.5.1.1 Overview
Digital transformation is no longer a supporting initiative but a fundamental
pillar of the Company’s success. This section details the Company’s
progress in 2024 in leveraging digital technologies to enhance efficiency,
drive innovation, strengthen cybersecurity, and deliver value to customers.
The Company remains focused on optimising its digital ecosystem,
deploying cutting-edge technologies, and cultivating a digitally fluent and
resilient workforce.

1.5.1.2 Digitally enabled end-to-end processes
Digital Design, Manufacturing and Services (”DDMS”)

DDMS is the Airbus group-wide programme accelerating the
transformation of the Company’s processes, systems and skills to harness
the potential of system engineering and digital technologies, like virtual
twins and AI, enabling faster and better decision making along the
lifecycle of the Company’s products. From understanding customers’
needs to the operation and servicing of the Company’s products, these
innovations are driving new ways of working in all divisions, with digitalfirst approaches already having measurable benefits. With more than
11,000 people already using DDMS solutions (including within the
Company’s supply chain), the key major achievements this year were
the following:
Single Aisle (A320 Family): after delivering the first A321neo designed
and assembled using the complete suite of DDMS solutions earlier in
2024, Airbus is now applying the approach to all new A321neo aircraft.
The DDMS suite of solutions for the A321neo includes full 3D
integration and digital continuity – from offer through design and
production to support and services. This has resulted in a significant
reduction in quality issues, and has notably reduced design and
production lead times for this aircraft. The DDMS on A320neo aircraft
will soon be finalised.
Future programmes in Commercial Aircraft: measurable efficiency
gains and speed could be reached through the deployment of
model-based system engineering, virtual twins and digital continuity
on the A350 Freighter. Co-development principles, model based
system engineering and digital thread are becoming standard in the
design, manufacture and maintenance of future aircraft.
Eurodrone and FCAS: Eurodrone development continues to depend
on DDMS capabilities. A strong ramp-up of deployed capabilities
happened in 2024 and enabled the preliminary design review. The
’remote carrier’ demonstrator of FCAS will re-use the capabilities
developed for Eurodrone. This is a strategic and major step towards
common DDMS solutions for Airbus Defence and Space AirPower
programmes under development.
Helicopter Programmes: further progress has been made in deploying
DDMS within Helicopter programmes. An advanced 3D viewer is now
available for all helicopters’ programmes. Further, digital continuity has
been established between the design teams and the shop floor for
main gear box assembly, as well as for a new helicopter final assembly
line. A digital simulation environment for product life cycle management
has started to be deployed in several engineering lead functions,
bringing significant progress in terms of quality and traceability

1

between design and simulation, both being managed in synchronised
configuration. Lastly, new capabilities between design and integrated
logistics support have been developed to connect and automate 3D
illustrations for logistics support activities. They are under final
business acceptance tests, before their impending initial deployment
on the H160 helicopter.

Artificial Intelligence

The Company has made AI a central focus. The initial success of the
Company’s generative AI initiatives has spurred exploration across all
businesses, identifying numerous opportunities for value creation. The
overall AI strategy is multifaceted, aiming to optimise internal processes,
better serve customers, enhance safety, efficiency and resilience, and
empower the Company’s workforce. The Company’s ambition is for this
strategy to meaningfully contribute to its business and results over the
mid-to-long term. Airbus is working to actively shape the future of AI in
aerospace by defining industry standards and streamlining internal
governance. Key areas of focus include generative AI, decision-making AI,
and computer vision, all supported by a commitment to secure,
responsible and ethical AI practices. To support this commitment, a robust
’return on investment’ framework is being implemented, secured AI data
processing platforms are being deployed, and a transversal AI ’center of
excellence’ will be established. A dedicated steering committee,
sponsored by Executive Committee members, has been created to ensure
that AI implementation respects the Company’s values of safe,
responsible and ethical AI.

Cyber security

The Company made progress in its digital cybersecurity transformation by
strengthening its secure connectivity model and core controls. It also
increased the scope and coverage of active running services to protect its
business. The recruitment and development of key skills and
competences remains a top challenge, but the Airbus Cybersecurity
School is beginning to help address this. In the future, the Company will
continue to improve and mature its services, aiming to strengthen the
resilience of its digital solutions to protect its business.

Digital transformation at Defence and Space

In Airbus Defence and Space, transformation activities are focused on
streamlining the digital foundation, bringing efficiency and value for
money, improving user experiences, preparing the future with new digital
capabilities and upskilling employees. In 2024, the standardisation and
simplification of the complex IT landscape progressed further. The overall
number of legacy networks has started to be reduced, with further
reductions planned in the near-term. A critical step has been the
establishment and accreditation of the international restricted layer,
which is designed to enable the exchange of restricted data across
nations. Following a re-baselining to adapt the scope and deliverables,
the major transformation programmes’ Enterprise Resource Planning
(ERP) roadmap and DDMS went ahead, focusing on the Air Power
business line. Finally, a data strategy for the division was defined,
providing a roadmap for the coming years to pave the way towards an
even more data-driven company.

Digital transformation at Helicopters

Airbus Helicopters is progressing with its plan to standardise and
harmonise company processes across all its sites through key digital
transformation programmes like new ERP and DDMS. A significant step
will be the deployment of the latest SAP technology at the company’s
future international logistics hub in Albacete (Spain), setting a new

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

29

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.5 Other Corporate Activities

standard for logistics processes. Previous efforts in data governance have
enabled Helicopters to launch its effort to establish a center of excellence
for data, which once deployed will improve data analytics and be crucial
for the AI roadmap in the coming years. Digital transformation has also
focused on strengthening digital foundations, aiming for high availability,
efficiency, and the protection of digital assets and production means. It is
also focusing on protecting helicopters from increasing cyber risks.

1.5.1.3 Digitally-enabled products and services
Skywise

At its origin in 2015, Skywise was launched to unlock data from the
Company’s discrete legacy systems to make it accessible and actionable
for day-to-day operations. Now fully industrialised, Skywise adoption is
still expanding at a rapid pace, growing approximately 30% in 2024 to
reach approximately 47,500 users across all of the Company’s functions
and divisions. The strategy to place data at the heart of the Company’s
digital transformation is yielding results. Over 2024, Skywise data
architecture has been enriched with real-time digital continuity features
that support end-to-end business processes.
Skywise is the flagship platform for the aerospace industry’s digital
transformation, connecting Airbus, airline customers and some key
aerospace suppliers. With Skywise directly supporting the operations and
maintenance of more than 11,800 commercial aircraft (Airbus and other
OEMs), it is allowing the airline industry to realise significant annual
savings by leading to reduced flight delays and cancellations. The
self-service usage of the Skywise platform has yielded increased
operational efficiency for customers, and has accelerated overall aircraft
operational availability. Approximately 54% of the Airbus fleet in service is
now supported by Skywise platform as well as Skywise digital solutions
developed by Airbus Customer Services such as S.Health Monitoring,
S. redictive Maintenance and S.Fleet Performance.
Finally, in December 2024, Skywise received the ISO27001:2022
certification (from the International Organization for Standardisation (ISO))
demonstrating that the Airbus Information Security Management System
has deployed the best practices and principles enshrined in this
International Standard to keep cyber-security at the heart of its data
analytics and workflows.

Digitalise the aircraft

In 2023, a dedicated team was established to develop a connected
aircraft platform. It is tackling aircraft connectivity, ground services
operations and passenger experience. As commercial aircraft become
increasingly connected, this platform enables the Company’s fleet to
seamlessly integrate into and interact with this evolving ecosystem. It will
support a range of digital use cases, including ”internet of things” (IoT)
services, onboard applications ecosystem management, AI, live data,
remote diagnostics, and over-the-air updates — all designed for
deployment while in flight. In 2024 the architecture and industrial solution
was defined, and the objective looking ahead is to fully develop and
commercialise the solution in the coming years.

Digital services for helicopters

Digital transformation at Airbus Helicopters Support and Services
continues to follow its multiyear roadmap, pursuing ambitious targets on
aviation safety, fleet availability, competitiveness and innovation. Initiatives
in Helicopter digital transformation are designed to contribute to those
ambitions; from end-to-end data creation, to data collection and analytical

30

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

exploitation. This enables Airbus Helicopters to not only increase
efficiency but also to further extend the digital services offered to
its customers.

1.5.1.4 Digitally enabled people
Google Workspace deployment

Google and Airbus continue to partner to further improve the
functionalities of Google Workspace. After the development of data
labelling and encryption with Airbus key functionalities, and the
deployment at scale of Google Appscript and Appsheet, the next step will
be the deployment and adoption of Gemini for all Airbus employees. The
Company has also successfully engaged in discussions with French
(ANSSI), German (BSI) and other European authorities to allow Dual Use
Export Controlled and National Security Unclassified data to be stored in
Google Workspace. Further discussions are being pursued to extend the
perimeter to Military Export Control and National Classified documents,
leveraging sovereign encryption solutions.

Skills and upskilling

The ”Digital Academy” team identifies the core and critical skills and
competences required to upskill and best utilise the opportunities arising
from the ongoing digital transformation.
In 2024, Airbus confirmed its strong investment in upskilling solutions on
digital; from awareness up to expertise, enabling efficiency,
competitiveness and innovation, enhanced by the competencies of the
Company’s workforce. The key developments were as follows:
• 6,600 employees across Airbus are mapped to a digital job, and 57,000
employees have at least a competence / skill in their position linked to
the digital world (+3% since 2023).
• 90% of these ”digital” profiles in the Company can benefit from specific
career path frameworks, designed for architects, technology
specialists, developers, IT operation managers, IT product/service
managers, data analysts/scientists, business analysts and innovation
managers. Feedback from managers and employees has been very
positive so far.
• The digital ”eXperts” community continues to grow in key technologies
and technical fields.
• 18,000 employees have been trained on digital upskilling solutions
(from awareness to specialists).
• There are 5,300 active members in ”communities of practice” (social
learning) related to the Company’s digital jobs and capabilities,
exchanging on best practices, ”pain points”, and mentorship, and
participating in events and seminars.
• 270 employees were certified in 2024 on data analytics, data science,
cloud, information technology infrastructure, SAP and digital
architecture skills.
• There were specific learning sessions for senior Airbus leaders,
focused on expanding their knowledge of digital trends, to support the
goal of embedding it further in manufacturing, quality control, supply
chain and logistics and customer services.

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.5 Other Corporate Activities

1
1.5.1.5 Concluding thoughts and next challenges
The successful deployment of DDMS across the A321neo and its ongoing
integration into other programmes, coupled with advancements in AI
capabilities, highlight the potential that strategic digital initiatives have to
make a positive impact across the Company’s businesses. The growth of
Skywise usage and its contribution to significant cost savings for airline
customers demonstrate the powerful value creation potential of a
data-driven approach. While challenges remain in the acquisition of talent

with software engineering and digital skills and in maintaining robust
cybersecurity against the backdrop of a constantly evolving threat
landscape, the continuing investment in the Airbus Cybersecurity School
and the strengthening of a secure connectivity model continue to
contribute to mitigating these risks. Looking ahead, the Company’s
ambition remains to further leverage the Company’s digital capabilities
and continue to solidify the Company’s position at the forefront of the
aerospace industry.

1.5.2 Research and Technology
The Airbus Technology and Engineering department, led by the Chief
Technology Officer (”CTO”), is orchestrating the acceleration of research
and technology (”R&T”) and innovation, while fostering technology
synergies across the divisions (Commercial Aircraft, Airbus Helicopters,
Airbus Defence and Space), advancing expertise in cutting edge
technologies. The department’s objective is to develop new technologies
that enable Airbus to continuously enhance its product and services
offerings, with specific priority given to technologies for next-generation
aircraft, bringing together products, production systems and services.
Each division has its own dedicated R&T function, to support and
coordinate development of their respective businesses. These divisional
functions primarily perform planning and technical arbitration within their
perimeters. In order to foster continuity across the divisions, they are
accountable for Technology, Engineering and Product Strategy.
The Disruptive R&T Department delivers cross-divisional development of
disruptive technologies and solutions to benefit the Company’s future
endeavors. It focuses on both technology and business disruption,
exploiting technology trends across geographies and delivering a set of
services, competencies and capabilities, utilising the following pathways:
• Fast Tracks: the CTO is supported by ”Fast Track” leaders, who serve
as principal advisors working to ensure coherence of activities within
the portfolio and fostering the rapid advancement of strategic priorities
across the businesses. Current fast-track roadmaps cover the
following technologies: AI, autonomy, connectivity, electrification,
industrial systems and manufacturing, and materials.
• Central R&T (”CRT”): this cross-divisional R&T organisation prepares
the Company’s long-term technological capabilities. CRT leads
specific investigations in emerging areas of research and conducts
ambitious research projects while leveraging leading academic,
scientific and research institutions to best utilise their expertise for
achieving the Company’s ambitions.
• Group demonstrators (UpNext and FlightLab): the Company’s
development of selected cutting-edge technologies is accelerated
through these ”demonstrators”, which employ rapid maturation
methods. This function delivers, thanks to the Airbus UpNext
subsidiary, flight and ground demonstrator projects that drive
collaborative new ways of working, provide high levels of transparency
and help to challenge the status quo.

• Acubed: this research and innovation centre based in Silicon Valley
focuses on accelerating AI and autonomy adoption in pursuit of
competitive advantage. Acubed plays a central role in fast-tracking the
maturation of key autonomy functions for the next generation
commercial aircraft programme. More broadly, it connects the
Company to Silicon Valley, providing intelligence insights and
leveraging the unique expertise that is thereby accessible.
• Airbus China R&D and Innovation Centre (ACRI): accelerating ”local
for local” innovation by leveraging the local sustainability and digital
innovation ecosystem to support local business growth and support
the Company’s future competitiveness in China.
• Airbus India Innovation Centre: building disruptive products for all
three divisions by leveraging the strong engineering and digital
competencies residing within Airbus India, while also collaborating with
the external innovation ecosystem in the country.
• Airbus Tech Hub: a global network of technology and innovation hubs
which aims to foster collaboration with industry leaders, academia,
knowledge institutes, government and start-ups to develop a strong
network of communities pushing the boundaries in aerospace
technology and preparing the future of aviation. Most recently
established in Japan, the Netherlands and Singapore.
• Airbus Central Innovation (previously called Airbus Innovation X/
Scale): leverages trends and engages ecosystems to impact current
and future aerospace challenges by detecting the right trends,
technologies, startups and new business opportunities. To perform
this task, the team has a four-pronged structure: corporate innovation,
global technology scouting, startup engagement, and incubator
(development of new businesses).
Additionally, to support a multi-division programme and to define the
Airbus technologies roadmap, cross-portfolio technology planning, road
mapping, and joint funding with public agencies are coordinated through a
cross-divisional programme R&T integrated function. To help safeguard
the benefits created for the Company through R&T, its intellectual property
is protected, secured and defended through a central intellectual property
function, responsible for patent applications, portfolio investigations and
portfolio defence.

• X-Labs: these provide test, conceptual design, simulation and rapid
prototyping capabilities for the R&T portfolio and the engineering
centres, in particular by addressing capabilities that do not otherwise
exist within Airbus (e.g. electrification).

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

31

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.5 Other Corporate Activities

Key progress in 2024
Central Research & Technology

CRT pioneers the future of aerospace by exploring and delivering
ambitious new technologies for the Company’s current and nextgeneration product and services portfolio for commercial aircraft,
helicopters and spacecraft. In 2024, CRT ran more than 40 projects
concurrently across its domains. Highlights from these activities are
listed below.
• Materials technologies: significant technical advancement was
achieved in the fields of materials circularity, materials informatics and
digitalisation, functional and high-performance materials and product
mission performance and competitiveness.
• Electrification technologies: contributed to progress on several
aspects of electrification and electric propulsion technologies. For
example, electromagnetic interference (EMI) filtering for high power
chains and advanced power switches based on solid
state technologies.
• Communication technologies: groundbreaking communication
technologies both on the hardware and software side for the
Company’s future flying platforms. New approaches to secure
communication networks on the meta-data level have been explored
and key demonstrations for free-space quantum-key-distribution were
performed. Further, ultra-high speed optical free-space
communication was advanced and the impact of the next generation
mobile communication standard (6G) was assessed.
• Artificial intelligence: looking beyond the AI trend in 2024, the team
has achieved great progress in fundamental AI research areas. Focus
areas were trustworthy AI for the certification of systems embedding
AI models, decision-making for complex planning problems, and
augmented generation retrieval systems.
• Virtual product engineering: in 2024, the team explored methods to
robustly assess complex trades at system and ”system of systems”
levels under uncertainties. This research follows results from work on
interconnected systems within complex and dynamic environments
(i.e. ”systems of systems”). Furthermore the team developed software
and methods to enable automated and flexible meshing in 3D
simulation workflows. The team is also developing scientific machine
learning methods to hybridise classical numerical solvers with AI.
• Quantum technology: implications of quantum technologies for
aerospace and defence are extensive and include important
applications in the fields of computing, communication, and sensing.
The objective is to explore this emerging technology for the Company
and to prepare for its early adoption within the portfolio. The Airbus
BMW Group Quantum Computing Challenge was held in 2024, inviting
the global quantum community to solve pressing mobility applications
with relevance for both the aviation and automotive sectors. The
challenge ran under the motto ”The Quantum Mobility Quest” and was
hosted by ”The Quantum Insider” and supported by Amazon Web
Services. Out of more than 100 proposals, winners were selected in
five categories, with potential collaborations being considered from
this initiative.
• BlueSky research: explores, validates and fosters early upstream
technologies which are new to Airbus, which are of strategic nature,
and which have the potential to push the boundaries of aerospace and
potentially yield high business and societal impact. Key concepts that
have been explored this year include disruptive energy generation for

32

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

future low-carbon emission long-range aircraft and emerging ”human
enhancement” technologies (such as those exploring machine control
interfaces and humanoid robotics), as well as the modeling of societal
acceptance of technologies (including in relation to sustainability
and transportation).

Airbus demonstrators – Airbus UpNext

In 2024, UpNext explored multiple technologies across all divisions of
the Company.
• ”Optimate” and ”Cryoprop”: two new demonstrators which were
revealed at the Vivatech Conference in Paris. Optimate is a ”smart
autonomy” demonstrator that explores how novel sensors and
advanced system architectures can help improve pilots’ situational
awareness in high-workload mission phases (such as taxiing), and
Cryoprop takes superconducting and cryogenic technologies to the
next maturity level for aerospace applications.
• Auto’Mate demonstrator closure: in the first quarter of the year,
UpNext concluded the Auto’Mate demonstrator, which explored future
autonomous formation flight and autonomous air-to-air refuelling (A4R)
capabilities. With new flight control laws, it demonstrated a close
formation flight of multiple DT25 aircraft, with three physical drones
and two virtually simulated drones positioning autonomously at various
positions around the A310 MRTT tanker aircraft.
• eXtra Performance Wing first flight test campaign: 2024 also saw the
conclusion of the first flight test campaign of the eXtra Performance
Wing demonstrators flight test bed aircraft, which can fly in
representative flight conditions of a single aisle aircraft to accelerate
and validate technologies that will improve and optimise wing
aerodynamics and the performance for any future aircraft. In
application, the eXtra Performance Wing - compatible with any
propulsion solution and aircraft configuration - is aimed at reducing
CO₂ emissions, thus contributing to Airbus’ decarbonisation roadmap.
• Hypower demonstrator: UpNext moved ahead with a ground test
facility at its Madrid site for this demonstrator, exploring non-propulsive
energy generation for commercial aircraft based on hydrogen systems.

Acubed

Acubed taps into Silicon Valley’s vibrant tech ecosystem, providing the
Company with the means and know-how to capitalise on rapid
technological advancements. Dedicated to pursuing competitive
advantages for the Company, Acubed’s current focus is on accelerating
the adoption of AI and autonomy within the Company’s commercial
aircraft operations, from commercial flight functions to manufacturing,
services and digital airspace management. Through an agile and
collaborative approach, bolstered by strong AI expertise, Acubed injects
substantial value into Airbus by de-risking future investments, building
blueprints for new and strategically important topics, and partnering with
the local ecosystem, all while closely monitoring transformative
tech trends.

Airbus China R&D and Innovation Centre (”ACRI”)

ACRI includes the Airbus China R&D and Innovation Centre in Suzhou,
leveraging China’s industrial ecosystem to pursue the Company’s
sustainability ambition in China. ACRI’s mission is to embed within China’s
local sustainability and innovation ecosystem including through local
talents, partners and resources. It aims to discover promising
technologies, to identify solutions enabling new business, and to support
local business growth. The ACRI has the following functions:

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.5 Other Corporate Activities

1
• the manufacturing innovation team is tasked to explore industry 4.0
technologies to improve efficiency and safety within final assembly line
activities, as well as to use Airbus’ industrial sites in China for
accelerated local testing and global dissemination. The team is working
on computer vision, automated guided vehicles, 5G industrial
connectivity, smart tooling, remote inspection, green factory and IoT.
Various applications are handed over to the business and implemented
in daily operation.
• the cabin experience team is providing connected, digital and material
circularity innovation for current and future aircraft cabin and cargo
business needs, by enhancing Airbus’ local cabin offering (local to
local) and bringing value for Airbus global cabin products (local
to global).
• the connectivity team is driving innovative 5G and IoT technologies for
smart airports and cargo ground operators.
• the system/software development team is supporting project teams
on software development for innovation projects across multiple
domains, including advanced manufacturing, cabin and cargo,
connectivity and others.

Airbus India Innovation Centre

Since its inauguration in February 2023, the Airbus India Innovation Centre
(AIC) has achieved significant milestones:
• Delivered the first product, ”SimulON”, which leverages AI to
advance structural simulation. SimulON reduces simulation and
analysis time by 70%, significantly enhancing airworthiness
assessments. This solution has now been handed over to experts for
testing with live data over the next year.
• Creation of Digital Protospace to enable rapid digital prototyping of
engineering concepts.
• Launch of large language model prototype, an on-premises solution
that leverages large language models to process a diverse range of
documents and data points, to help ensure the secure handling of
sensitive, dual-use and restricted data.
• ”IKSANA” development, a seamless digital framework designed for
quality assessment of aircraft surfaces during inspections in final
assembly lines. Powered by AI-driven computer-vision algorithms, it
enables efficient damage location, quantification, assessment,
documentation, and reporting.

Airbus Tech Hub

Launched in 2024 as an extension of Airbus’ cross-divisional research and
innovation activities established in the Company’s global footprint, the
Tech Hub’s main mission is to capture superior technologies, talents and
local funding, largely through cooperative arrangements. It is intended to
support the Company’s research and innovation ambitions in pursuit of
technological and business excellence. As a new addition to the Airbus
global technology footprint, each hub is identified based on its key
competences and technological advancement in these locations:
• Japan: composite materials, structures and industrial use;
decarbonisation technologies such as hydrogen, fuel cells,
electrification; and automation and robotics. One project approved to
develop parts for superconductivity motors, and two memoranda of
understanding signed for urban air mobility and hydrogen hub
ecosystem development.

• the Netherlands: sustainable aerospace structures and materials;
future energy technologies including hydrogen and electrification; and
communications of the future. Three projects approved to (1) develop
cryogenic technologies and systems, (2) studies on technology
exploration and ”systems of systems” for sustainable long range
aircraft, and (3) ”cabin of the future” in cooperation with KLM.
• Singapore: decarbonising aviation; maintenance, services and
operations for and around the aircraft; and air traffic management
solutions. Three projects approved, to develop cargo loading systems,
cold spray technologies and advanced connectivity for lower airspace,
and a memorandum of understanding signed to join the International
Aviation Lab (regarding airport operations).

Airbus Central Innovation

Airbus Central Innovation is tasked with leveraging trends and engaging
ecosystems to impact current and future aerospace challenges. The
scope of the team is cross-divisional, strategically aligned with the central
and divisional strategy teams focusing on delivering high added value
through innovation. The team delivers four different services:
• Corporate innovation: drives the Company’s innovation culture by
supporting an internal ecosystem focused on long-lasting impact.
Promotes intrapreneurship and out-of-the-box thinking, and
coordinates the Global Airbus Innovation Network.
• Global technology scouting: identifies emerging technologies
worldwide to enhance the Company’s portfolio and sustainability
objectives. Facilitates cooperative arrangements with startups and
smaller companies to address future challenges.
• Startup engagement: accelerates adoption of startup solutions
aligned with the Company’s strategic priorities, focusing on mature
solutions with high impact potential. Notable successful
outcomes include:
◦ Atlas AI®, part of the Airbus Ventures portfolio, aids in air travel
demand predictions, enhancing sales campaigns and
product strategy.
◦ Videns Analytics® utilises machine learning and AI to optimise line
balancing and productive planning within Airbus.
◦ Be my eyes® and RightHear® contribute to improving the travel
experience for passengers with disabilities.
◦ Sans les plumes® a startup with whom Airbus is partnering to
upcycle the fabric from five A350s into a limited edition range of
footwear and luggage.
◦ Retrocausal® helps workers to minimise non conformities arising
from human error.
• Incubator: anticipates and evaluates trends likely to disrupt the
aerospace industry. Develops and validates business models
leveraging the Company’s assets to support a sustainable aerospace
future. Airbus Direct Air Capture (”DAC”) is a notable success. DAC is
a venture that utilises direct air capture technology to provide
sustainable solutions for agriculture, and aims to demonstrate a
megaton carbon capture system for future application in the aerospace
industry. This venture was nominated as one of three finalists for the
German Future Prize in 2023, as well as for the World Sustainability
Awards in 2024.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

33

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.5 Other Corporate Activities

Airbus Commercial Aircraft

Airbus Commercial’s R&T activity continues to progress along the axes of
safety, decarbonisation, operational efficiency for customers, Airbus
industrial efficiency and resilience, and passengers’ experience.
Technologies are delivered to current programmes, providing options to
improve Airbus products and the industrial system. Technology that will
support future programmes is also investigated and matured. Areas of
investigation include propulsion, wings, aircraft systems, fuselage, tail
elements (empennage), cabins, industrial (production) topics,
maintenance topics and engineering capabilities generally. The
technologies being developed will contribute to the Company’s future
efficiency and resilience, and help to secure the Company’s future licence
to operate. Development of these technologies will progress across a
multi-year trajectory.
Achievements in recent years include:
• Test campaigns aimed at understanding contrails formation when
using sustainable aviation fuel, feeding climate science for
non‑CO2 effects.
• First flight of the EcoPulse demonstrator, with a distributed hybrid
propulsion system
• Completed assembly of a high-aspect ratio wing box structure and of a
folding wingtip specimen for demonstration purposes
• Full-scale demonstration of automated assembly capability on a nose
fuselage floor module.
• Mid-size drilling robot prototype completed for industrial automation.
Low carbon technologies continue to be a strong focus. As part of its
ambition to continue to pioneer sustainable aerospace, Airbus will
continue to work to eventually bring a commercially viable, fully electric,
hydrogen-powered commercial aircraft into service. Looking at 2024,
notable areas of investigation included propulsion integration in the wing,
smart automation as a system, and lightweight material for wings and
fuselage (along with related industrial challenges). The Company will
likewise continue its efforts to support customers to build routes that
support more efficient operations, and to increase collaborative efforts
around critical technology enablers and related ecosystems.

Airbus Helicopters

In 2024, the Research and Innovation Department celebrated two first
flights. The Racer High Speed demonstrator’s flight campaign which
started in April, exceeded its level speed objective of 407 km/h (220 kts)
by reaching 420 km/h (227 kts) in its initial configuration, flying 50% faster
than a conventional helicopter. In just seven flights and about nine hours
of flight testing, almost all of its flight envelope has been opened. In early
November, the eVTOL CityAirbus NextGen prototype performed its first
lift-off, a key technical milestone that paved the way for its coming
flight campaign.
Research and innovation activities in 2024 included a thorough technical
assessment of the DisruptiveLab, and the continued maturing of key
technology building blocks for multiple platforms. In Germany, the
PioneerLab (which was received with great expectations at ILA Berlin)
performed several flights to test environmental awareness functions such
as a lidar-based cable detection system. A proof-of-concept nose panel
made of acrylonitrile-derived biofibre was also flight-tested to
demonstrate this alternative fibre’s airworthiness (in collaboration with

34

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Airbus Central Research and Technology). The FlightLab participated in a
full-scale demonstration of a crew-uncrewed teaming system, which also
involved the VRS700 unmanned aircraft system. The experiment, which
was part of a project funded by the European Union, demonstrated the
additional mission capabilities provided by such systems.

Airbus Defence and Space

Airbus Defence and Space R&T continues to support its three business
lines; Air Power, Space Systems and Connected Intelligence, while
anticipating the future ”systems of systems”. Its R&T portfolio is structured
in six capabilities domains (Next Generation Aerospace Vehicles, Payload
and Computing, Industrialization, Sustainability, Information
Communication and Future Combat), focusing on six main technology
domains (Structures, Materials and Industrials, Energy and Flight Physics,
Connectivity, Flight Operations (including maintenance and electronic
warfare), Autonomy for Flight, and Artificial Intelligence and Quantum).
Technology selection and investment aims to support core and emerging
technical solutions to enhance the strategic capabilities of legacy and
future programmes.
R&T highlights of 2024 include:
• 11 concepts from the innovation pipeline were transitioned to business
lines, including AI for pilot workload reduction (for live virtual training),
multi-domain emitter geolocation software, an A400M drone launcher,
an intensive care transport module for transport aircraft, 3D
bathymetry using Pleiades neo, and cast aluminium for space
structures. The pipeline of innovation proposals increased
approximately 40% over 2023, with 25 building block technologies
being ready for handover to research & development for eventual
integration into products.
• first test of laser communication in geostationary orbit using the
”TELEO” on-board terminal and ground terminals.
• successful collaboration with the Spanish Air Force and Telefónica for
the installation and testing of 5G and IFDL data links managed by an
aircraft links management system (ALIMS) into a C101 aircraft, for
which the team received the AP Top Innovation Award.
• in the domain of information superiority, a full demonstration of the 3D
full digital elevation model and full city digital maps was conducted.
• the delivery of two building blocks that will contribute to the future
development of in-space manufacturing (initial phase
”characterisation” of large space-mounted antennas and robotic
control software.
• the in-service deployment of chromium-free repair platings for
Eurofighter and A400M.
• progress has been made toward ”Next Generation Weapons System”
technology demonstrations targeted to take place in 2029, developed
within the German National Working Environment framework
(established in 2024 among key industry partners).

1. Information on the Company’s Activities
1.5 Other Corporate Activities

1

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

35

2. Corporate Governance

36

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

2. Corporate Governance

2

Corporate Governance

2.1 Board of Directors

38

2.2 Executive Committee

47

2.3 Remuneration Report

48

2.4 Dutch Corporate Governance Code

60

2.5 Miscellaneous

61

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

37

2. Corporate Governance
2.1 Board of Directors

2.1 Board of Directors
2.1.1	Composition of the Board
of Directors
This section contains information incorporated by reference to address CSRD
requirements related to Disclosure Requirement ”GOV-1 The role of the
administrative, management and supervisory bodies”, paragraphs 21, 23.

Under the Articles of Association, the board of directors of the Company
(the ”Board of Directors”) consists of 12 Directors, whose terms expire at
the close of the AGM held three years following their appointment. Under
the Board Rules, at least a majority of the members of the Board of
Directors (i.e., 7/12) must be nationals of the European Union (”EU”; any
reference in the Board Rules to the EU includes the United Kingdom (the
”UK”) and its constituent countries, notwithstanding a withdrawal of the
UK from the EU), (including the Chairman of the Board of Directors) and a
majority of such majority (i.e., 4/7) must be both EU nationals and
residents. No Director may be an active civil servant. The Board of
Directors has one Executive Director and 11 non-Executive Directors.
While the Board of Directors appoints the CEO, the CEO is required to be
an Executive Director and must be an EU national and resident; therefore it
is anticipated that the Board of Directors will appoint as CEO a person
appointed by the shareholders as an Executive Director. At least nine of
the Non-Executive Directors must be ”Independent Directors” (including
the Chairman of the Board of Directors).
Under the Board Rules, an Independent Director is a non-Executive
Director who is ”independent” within the meaning of the Dutch
Corporate Governance Code (the ”Dutch Code”) and meets additional
specified independence standards. Specifically, while the Dutch Code
would determine non-independence (in part) by reference to a
Director’s relationships with shareholders who own at least 10% of the
company in question, the Board Rules refer to such Director’s
relationships with shareholders owning at least 5% of such company.
According to the criteria of the Dutch Code and the Board Rules, all
non-Executive Directors (including the Chairman) presently qualify as
Independent Directors.
The Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee (the ”RNGC”)
of the Board of Directors is responsible for recommending to the Board
the names of candidates to succeed Board members after consultation
with the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the CEO.
The Board of Directors, deciding by a simple majority of the votes cast (a
”Simple Majority”), proposes individuals to the shareholders’ meeting of
the Company for appointment as Directors by the shareholders. No
shareholder, group of shareholders or any other entity has any right to
propose, nominate or appoint Directors beyond those rights available to all
sharholders under general Dutch corporate law.
In addition to the membership and composition rules described above, the
RNGC (in recommending candidates for the Board of Directors) and the
Board of Directors (in resolving to propose the renewal or appointment of
Directors to the shareholders’ meeting) are each required to apply the
following principles:
• the preference for the best candidate for the position;
• the preference for gender diversity between otherwise
comparable profiles;
• the maintenance of an appropriate skills mix and
geographical experience;

38

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

• the maintenance, in respect of the number of members of the Board of
Directors, of the observed balance among the nationalities of the
candidates in respect of the location of the main industrial centres of
the Company (in particular among the nationals of France, Germany,
Spain and the United Kingdom, where these main industrial centres are
located); and
• at least a majority of the members of the Board of Directors (i.e., 7/12)
shall be EU nationals (including the Chairman), and a majority of such
majority (i.e., 4/7) shall be both EU nationals and residents (including
the UK and its constituent countries, notwithstanding the withdrawal of
the UK from the EU).
In accordance with these principles, the Board of Directors shall continue
to seek greater diversity with respect to gender, age, geography,
education, profession and background.
The Board of Directors makes sure it has the required mix of experience,
qualifications, skills and industrial knowledge necessary to assist the
Company in formulating and achieving its overall strategy, together with
the specific expertise required to fulfil the duties assigned to it and
its committees.
The Board of Directors is required to take into account, in the resolutions
proposed in respect of the renewal or nomination of Directors presented
to the shareholders’ meeting, the undertakings of the Company to the
French state, pursuant to the French State Security Agreement, and to the
German state, pursuant to the German State Security Agreement, in each
case as described more fully below in Section 4.2.7.2 ”Shareholding and
voting rights -Undertakings with respect to interests of certain
stakeholders”. In practice, this means that at all times the Board of
Directors needs to have: (i) two Directors who should also be French
Defence Outside Directors (as defined below in Section 4.2.7.2) of the
French Defence Holding Company (as defined below in Section 4.2.7.2)
who have been proposed by the Company and consented to by the
French state, and (ii) two Directors who should also be German Defence
Outside Directors (as defined below in Section 4.2.7.2) of the German
Defence Holding Company (as defined below in Section 4.2.7.2) who have
been proposed by the Company and consented to by the German state.
The RNGC endeavours to avoid a concentrated turnover of Directors in a
given year. To that end, in consultation with the Chairman and the CEO,
the RNGC draws up an appointment and reappointment schedule for the
Directors. In doing so, the RNGC considers the continuity of Companyspecific knowledge and experience within the Board of Directors, and
takes into account the fact that Directors should, at the time of their
appointment or reappointment, not be older than 75 years, while also
ensuring that at least one third of Directors’ positions are either renewed
or replaced every year for a term of three years. While exceptions to these
rules may be agreed by the Board of Directors if specific circumstances
justify such exceptions, in the ordinary course they are observed, in order
to avoid the replacement of a large block of Directors at any single AGM
and the corresponding loss of experience and integration challenges that
would result.

Overview of the Airbus SE Board of Directors’ composition until
the 2025 Annual General Meeting

The RNGC performed a comprehensive review of the Board of Directors’
skills matrix, aiming at providing greater transparency and a more concrete
measure of the skills, experience and expertise of the Board Members.
This review involved an in-depth assessment of their skills, experience
and expertise, against the backdrop of the Company’s long-term

2. Corporate Governance
2.1 Board of Directors

2
objectives, providing for the first time a definition for each of the ten skills
identified. This review was undertaken in line with the expectations of the
Company’s shareholders for the highest standards of governance.
As a result of the comprehensive review performed, two new skills were
added to the matrix, including expertise in Governance & Leadership and
Human Capital. The review also highlighted areas for enhancement with
four skills that were slightly amended: Finance and Audit been renamed

”Finance/Audit & Risk”, Geopolitical Economics been renamed
”Geopolitics”; Engineering & Technology been renamed ”Engineering &
Innovation” and Information & Data Management been renamed ”Digital
transformation, AI & Cybersecurity”. Finally, two skills have been removed
from the Board skills matrix: Global Business and Asia. These changes
demonstrate the Company’s commitment to maintaining a highperforming, forward-looking Board that delivers long-term value for all
stakeholders.

A visual overview of the new Board of Directors’ skills matrix, developed on the basis of the RNGC’s review, follows below:

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

39

2. Corporate Governance
2.1 Board of Directors

As mentioned above, the review likewise involved an in-depth assessment of the skills, experience and expertise of all Board members, against the
Company’s long-term objectives. The result of this assessment is aggregated in the graphic below:

As the graphic illustrates, the 2024 Board of Directors composition shows a balanced mix of experience, with in particular, significant experience
in Governance & Leadership, Human Capital and Geopolitics (12/12), as well as in Engineering & Innovation and Finance/Audit & Risk (11/12). Nine
members have Sustainability experience, and seven members have Manufacturing & Production skills. Six of the Board members have solid Aerospace
Industry experience, while Digital Transformation skills are represented by four Board members and three members have extensive Defence
Industry experience.

40

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

2. Corporate Governance
2.1 Board of Directors

2
The composition of the Board of Directors until the 2025 Annual General Meeting is presented below:

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

41

2. Corporate Governance
2.1 Board of Directors

In 2024, Dr Feiyu Xu joined the Board of Directors as a Non-Executive
Director with effect on the date of the 2024 AGM, in replacement of
Mr Ralph Crosby Jr. Dr Xu was appointed for a term of two years, which
will end at the close of the AGM to be held in 2026 (corresponding to the
remainder of Mr Crosby’s mandate), in accordance with the appointment
and reappointment principles as referred to above. She brings extensive
experience in the entire cycle of innovation ranging from basic research
via Artificial Intelligence development all the way to products and their
commercialisation. Following her appointment, Dr Xu joined the Audit
Committee as a Committee member. Mr Victor Chu, formerly a member of
the Audit Committee, was appointed as a member of the Ethics,
Compliance and Sustainability Committee after the AGM in April 2024.
At the end of 2024, the average age of the members of the Board of
Directors was 60. The proportion of female representation on the Board of
Directors is 42%. The Board of Directors believes that a diverse
composition among its members, notably with respect to gender,
experience and national origin, is valuable for the quality and efficiency of
its work.

2.1.2	Powers, rules and engagement
with shareholders
Powers
The Board Rules specify that in addition to the Board of Directors’
responsibilities under applicable law and the Articles of Association, the
Board of Directors is responsible for certain enumerated categories of
decisions. Under the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors is
responsible for the management of the Company. Under the Board Rules,
the Board of Directors delegates the execution of the strategy (as
approved by the Board of Directors) and the day-to-day management of
the Company to the CEO, who, supported by the Executive Committee
and its executive leadership team, makes decisions with respect to the
management of the Company. However, the CEO should not enter into
transactions that comprise part of the key responsibilities of the Board of
Directors, unless these transactions have been approved by the Board of
Directors.
Matters that require Board of Directors’ approval include, among others,
the following items (by Simple Majority below unless otherwise noted):
• any change in the nature and scope of the business of the Company;
• the overall strategy and the strategic plan of the Company;
• the operational business plan of the Company (the ”Business Plan”)
and the yearly budget of the Company (the ”Yearly Budget”), including
the plans for Investment, R&D, Employment, Finance and, as far as
applicable, major programmes;
• nominating, suspending or revoking the Chairman of the Board of
Directors and the CEO (Qualified Majority, as defined below);
• the appointment of all Executive Committee members as proposed by
the CEO (including their service contracts and other contractual
matters in relation to the Executive Committee), and deciding upon the
appointment and removal of the Secretary to the Board of Directors on
the basis of the recommendation of the RNGC;
• any relocation of the headquarters of the principal companies of the
Company or of the operational headquarters of the Company
(Qualified Majority as defined below);

42

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

• decisions in connection with the location of new industrial sites
material to the Company or the change of the location of existing
activities that are material to the Company;
• decisions to invest in and initiate programmes financed by the
Company: acquisition, divestment or sale decisions, in each case for
an amount in excess of € 300 million;
• decisions to invest in and initiate programmes financed by the
Company: acquisition, divestment or sale decisions, in each case for
an amount in excess of € 800 million (Qualified Majority, as
defined below);
• decisions to enter into and terminate strategic alliances at the level of
the Company or at the level of one of its principal subsidiaries
(Qualified Majority as defined below);
• matters of shareholder policy, major actions or major announcements
to the capital markets; and
• decisions in respect of other measures and business of fundamental
significance for the Company, or which involve an abnormal level
of risk.
In addition, the Board Rules detail the rights and duties of the members of
the Board of Directors and set out the core principles which each member
of the Board of Directors shall comply with and shall be bound by. These
principles include acting in the best interests of the Company and its
stakeholders, devoting necessary time and attention to the carrying out of
their duties, and avoiding any and all conflicts of interest.

Voting and quorum rules
Most Board of Directors’ decisions can be made by a Simple Majority, but
certain decisions must be made by a two-thirds majority (i.e., eight
favourable votes) of votes cast by the Directors regardless of whether
they are present or represented in respect of the decision (a ”Qualified
Majority”). In addition, amendments to certain provisions of the Board
Rules require the unanimous approval of the Board of Directors, with no
more than one Director not being present or represented (including
provisions relating to nationality and residence requirements with respect
to members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee).
However, no individual Director or class of Directors has a veto right with
respect to any Board of Directors’ decisions.
The Board of Directors must have a certain number of Directors present or
represented at a meeting to take action. This quorum requirement
depends on the action to be taken. For the Board of Directors to make a
decision on a Simple Majority matter, a majority of the Directors must be
present or represented. For the Board of Directors to make a decision on a
Qualified Majority matter, at least ten of the Directors must be present or
represented. If the Board of Directors cannot act on a Qualified Majority
matter because this quorum is not satisfied, the quorum would decrease
to eight of the Directors at a new duly called meeting.

Shareholder engagement and Governance
roadshow meetings
The Chairman of the Board and the Lead Independent Director (and Chair
of the RNGC) engage with shareholders of the Company together with the
General Counsel and the Head of Investor Relations. The Board values an
open and transparent dialogue with shareholders. The following topics
have in particular been discussed: executive compensation, Board of

2. Corporate Governance
2.1 Board of Directors

2
Directors’ composition (including diversity and skills), overboarding policy
(setting a maximum threshold number of board memberships), as well as
the Company’s sustainability vision and strategy. Exchanging with
shareholders on key governance topics provides the Board of Directors
with important insights on shareholders’ expectations and allows for a
continuous improvement of the Company’s governance practices.

2.1.3	Operation of the Board of
Directors in 2024
Board of Directors meetings
Ten Board meetings (including ad hoc calls) were held in 2024. The
average attendance rate at these meetings was 96%. As is the case every
year, the Board of Directors was informed in between Board meetings of
any developments relevant to the Company, through written
communications and through verbal debriefings held on a regular basis
between meetings. Non-executive sessions took place at the end of each
meeting of the Board of Directors.
The main areas of work carried out by the Board of Directors in 2024 are
described below:

• Commercial Aircraft business: monitoring and regular discussions
on key topics such as the production ramp-up and the supply
chain issues. The overall Commercial Aircraft business strategy
was discussed.
• Defence and Space: review of the Division’s financial situation and
ongoing transformation. Close monitoring of the turnaround effort and
business progress at Space Systems. A focus on the strategic
orientation of the Air Power business. Regular updates on the status of
key programmes, including Eurodrone, the FCAS and A400M.
• Helicopters: the Division’s overall strategy was reviewed
and confirmed.
• Overall financial situation and capital allocation: corporate finance/
investor relations and the Company’s hedging strategy
were discussed.
• Sustainability: discussions focused on the regulatory framework, the
evolution of sustainability reporting (including the Corporate
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD)), due diligence and supply
chain-related obligations (including CSRD, SAF/energy, the human
rights roadmap, the substances roadmap, critical materials, social
value and community impacts).

Company’s results, disclosures and operative planning

• Digital: There was a focus on artificial intelligence strategy and
governance, and a separate on-site deep dive into Digital Design,
Manufacturing and Services (DDMS) was held.

• Regular reviews of the Company’s figures and results, its overall
financial situation and capital allocation in the context of the volatile,
uncertain, complex and ambiguous world;

• Product safety: a bi-annual review of product safety-related issues was
performed, updates on relevant developments were provided at
quarterly meetings of the Board of Directors and in between Board
meetings, as per the product safety protocol in place.

• Review and approval of the 2024 operative planning and guidance;

• Decision to submit dividend and extraordinary dividend proposals at
the 2024 Annual General Meeting;
• Reviews of forecast results;
• Approval of the key disclosures to the market.

Corporate Audit, internal controls and risk management
• Regular reviews of top company risks and opportunities;

• Approval of the Risk Chapter of the 2023 Report of the Board of
Directors and Universal Registration Document;
• Review of Corporate Audit and internal controls plans
and achievements.

Audit and relations with statutory auditors

• Review of the 2024 quarterly and annual financial statements along
with relevant statutory auditors’ reports.

General/strategy

• Uncertain geopolitical environment: regular monitoring of the situation
related to the war between Russia and Ukraine, China/US tensions, the
US election as well as political changes in the Company’s Core
Countries, including France and Germany. Regular reviews analysing
the potential impact of these developments on the Company.
• Corporate strategy: Discussions focused on several topics, including a
review of mergers and acquisitions (”M&A”) opportunities, along with
several major ongoing projects and value creation levers. Additionally,
Airbus’ ambition for decarbonising aerospace was discussed, as was
the energy strategy and the value of Airbus playing a catalyst role for
the development of SAF.

• Ethics and Compliance: there were regular updates on deployment of
the ethics and compliance (E&C) programme, culture and significant
E&C matters including risk management, allegations and
enforcement priorities.

Corporate governance

• Appointment of non-executive directors: Appointment at the 2024
Annual General Meeting and onboarding of a new non-executive
Board member, Dr Feiyu Xu, who is a leading figure in the field of
artificial intelligence in Germany. The search for a successor to Claudia
Nemat progressed, with a successor to be submitted at the 2025
Annual General Meeting.
• Board effectiveness review including improvement action plan update
(see Board evaluation section below).
• CEO and executive committee members’ succession plan:
Succession planning for the Executive Committee continued, with Lars
Wagner being selected as the new CEO of the Commercial Aircraft
business (to begin, at the latest, from 1 January 2026). Carmen-Maja
Rex was appointed Chief Human Resources Officer, effective
1 April 2025.
Regular reviews of talent and development plans were undertaken,
with ”get to know” sessions being held with selected talents.

Compensation

• CEO and Executive Committee members’ 2023 individual
achievements assessments were held and their 2024 roadmaps
were defined;

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

43

2. Corporate Governance
2.1 Board of Directors

• The CEO remuneration policy was reviewed and revised, notably by
including environmental, social and governance key performance
indicators in the CEO long-term incentive plan, and by rebalancing
short-term and long-term components of remuneration in line with
market practice. It is intended that the updated policy will be submitted
to the 2025 AGM.

Annual General Meeting

• Preparation of the 2024 Annual General Meeting with the approval of
the agenda, draft resolutions and report of the Board of Directors.
Preparation of the 2025 Annual General Meeting.

Strategy off-site Board meeting, induction
programme and other site visits
Strategy off-site Board meeting

The Board of Directors participates in an annual off-site strategy session
to review and refine the Company’s strategic priorities. In addition to
discussions that are taking place throughout the year, this dedicated
meeting serves as an opportunity for an in-depth review of long-term
objectives, industry trends, geopolitical developments and key initiatives
aimed at driving sustainable growth. In 2024, this strategy off-site meeting
took place in Airbus premises in Sevilla (Spain), where the Board met with
the Company’s local senior management and visited the industrial site.
One of the focus areas was the future direction of Defence. On top of that,
the Board visited the A400M and C295 Final Assembly Lines, during
which some of the Company’s senior leaders shared their expertise and
passion for the products they manufacture. The strategy off-site fosters
robust dialogue and collaboration among Board members, ensuring
alignment on strategic direction and oversight of the Company’s roadmap.

Induction programme

The Company conducts a comprehensive induction programme for newly
appointed Board members to ensure a smooth transition into their roles.
The programme is designed to provide: (i) an overview of the Company’s
operations, governance structure, and strategic priorities; (ii) access to the
Company’s Board policies and recent performance reports; and (iii) oneon-one sessions with Executive Committee members and senior talent to
understand the current challenges and priorities of the Company. This
programme aims at providing new directors with the knowledge and
context necessary to contribute effectively to the Board’s deliberations
and decision-making processes.
Dr Feiyu Xu, as new member of the Board, joined by other members of the
Board of Directors (in particular Antony Wood), followed the 2024 Airbus
induction programme consisting of various site visits (including the Airbus
Commercial Aircraft site in Toulouse (France), the Airbus Helicopters site
in Marignane (France) and the Airbus Defence and Space site in Ottobrunn
(Germany)). During those visits, presentations were given on business
strategy and upcoming challenges by the Company’s Executive
Committee members and senior talent.
In addition, other site visits took place in 2024, including a visit to the
Airbus Broughton site (United Kingdom) and the Airbus Training Center in
Miami (United States). Eager to engage with Airbus’ teams globally, in
2024 René Obermann also visited the ZAL Centre for Applied Aviation
Research GmbH site in Hamburg (Germany) and the A321 Final Assembly
Line in Toulouse (France). In addition to the site visits, René Obermann and

44

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

several other members of the Board had regular exchanges with Airbus
top management leaders (notably to prepare the various awareness
sessions organised throughout the year), as well as with key stakeholders.

Board evaluation 2024
Principle

Every three years, as part of the Board of Directors’ continuous review of
its performance, a formal evaluation of the functioning of the Board of
Directors and its Committees is conducted with the assistance of a
third-party expert. Following this evaluation, an improvement action plan
is issued to the members of the Board. In the two subsequent years, on an
annual basis, the General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (the ”General
Counsel”), issues a questionnaire focusing on the implementation of the
improvement action plan, and more generally on the Board’s performance.
The outcome of this internal evaluation is then presented and discussed at
that year’s December Board meeting.

2024

2024 was the beginning of a new three-year cycle. The review was
carried out between July and September by an external advisor and was
based on individual interviews with each Director and the General
Counsel. A dedicated workshop took place during the October Board
meeting during which the external advisor led a discussion on the main
findings of the Board effectiveness review, as a result of which a proposed
action plan was defined. The effectiveness review covered, in particular,
the following themes: the Board dynamics, contribution and composition;
the work performed by the Board (including with regard to strategy, risk
and control and succession plans); and the use of time and information.
The external review confirmed the overall strong performance of the
Board, which has been fostered by the capable leadership of the
Chairman, who is highly engaged and provides effective guidance to the
Board, setting priorities and favouring Board members’ active
engagement in open and constructive discussions. Notably, the Board
valued the diversity of thought and experience among its members and
the atmosphere that favours the onboarding of new members. The
Board’s approach is seen as cohesive and collaborative and is
underpinned by a trusting working relationship with the CEO. His dynamic
leadership, dedication and strategic vision have been instrumental to the
Company’s success in 2024.
While the Board is performing its duties effectively with valuable
contributions from the Board Committees, some challenges were
identified, many of which are not unique to the Company. Such challenges
include the management of a complex portfolio and time management. In
addition, the increasing need for risk oversight will continue to remain a
focus area for the Board. It was noted that the development of talent
pipelines and, significantly, strengthening of Executive Management
succession planning, should remain key areas of focus for 2025. The
Board remains committed to continuous improvement, and the
implementation of the action plan will be followed up throughout
2025, including through regular discussions during Board and
Committee meetings.

2. Corporate Governance
2.1 Board of Directors

2
2.1.4 Board Committees
This section contains information incorporated by reference to address CSRD
requirements related to Disclosure Requirement ”GOV-1 The role of the
administrative, management and supervisory bodies”, paragraphs 22a, and
Disclosure Requirement ”GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability
matters addressed by the undertaking’s administrative, management and
supervisory bodies”, paragraph 26a.

The Audit Committee
Pursuant to the Board Rules, the Audit Committee, which is required to
meet at least four times a year, makes recommendations to the Board of
Directors on the approval of the annual financial statements and the
interim accounts (Q1, H1, Q3), as well as the appointment of external
auditors and their remuneration. Moreover, the Audit Committee has
responsibility for verifying and making recommendations to the effect that
the internal and external audit activities are correctly directed, that internal
controls are duly exercised and that these matters are given due focus at
meetings of the Board of Directors. Thus, it discusses with the auditors
their audit programme and the results of the audit of the financial
statements, and it monitors the adequacy of the Company’s internal
controls, accounting policies and financial reporting. It also oversees the
operation of the Company’s enterprise risk management system and
keeps a strong link to the Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability
Committee. For further details in this regard, see Section 3.2 ”Enterprise
risk management system”. Please refer to Annex E of the Board Rules for a
complete list of responsibilities of the Audit Committee.
The Chairman of the Board of Directors and the CEO attend all Audit
Committee meetings (subject to their recusal from portions of such
meetings, as may be appropriate). The CFO and the Head of Accounting
Record to Report are requested to attend meetings to present
management proposals and to answer questions. Furthermore, the Head
of Corporate Audit and the Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer report to the
Audit Committee on a regular basis.
In 2024, this Committee met six times (including one joint meeting
between the Audit Committee and Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability
Committee on the CSRD) with an attendance rate of 96.7%. It fully
performed all of its duties and discussed all the items described above. In
particular, it performed reviews of internal controls, Corporate Audit
(including major findings and audit plan for 2024), accounts (i.e. 2023 full
year accounts, 2024 Q1, H1 and Q3 accounts, specific provisions and
accounting items, operative planning and forecasts), tax related issues,
independence of external auditors and disclosure related matters,
including the CSRD. In addition, the Committee performed a deep-dive on
the Company’s enterprise risk management (”ERM”) processes and
regular reviews of top company risks and opportunities. Legal and
compliance updates were also presented and discussed in meetings.

The Ethics, Compliance and
Sustainability Committee
Pursuant to the Board Rules, the Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability
Committee (ECSC) which is required to meet at least four times a year,
assists the Board of Directors in overseeing the Company’s culture and
commitment to ethical business, integrity and sustainability. The ECSC is
empowered to monitor the Company’s Ethics & Compliance programme,
organisation and framework to make sure that the Company’s Ethics &
Compliance governance is effective (including all associated internal
policies, procedures and controls). This includes the areas of money
laundering and terrorist financing, fraud, bribery and corruption, trade
sanctions and export control, data privacy, procurement and supply chain
compliance, and anti-competitive practices. The ECSC is also empowered
to oversee the Company’s sustainability strategy and effective
governance and ensure that sustainability related topics are taken into
account in the Company’s objectives and strategy.
The ECSC makes recommendations to the Board of Directors and its
Committees on all ethics, compliance or sustainability-related matters,
including on climate-related disclosures, and is responsible for providing
the Audit Committee with any necessary disclosures on issues or alleged
ethical and compliance breaches that are financial and accountingrelated. The ECSC maintains a reporting line with the Chief Ethics &
Compliance Officer (who is requested to provide quarterly reports on its
activities) and with the Chief Sustainability Officer and Communications
(and member of the Executive Committee), who each regularly attend
ECSC meetings.
The Chairman of the Audit Committee and the Chairman of the RNGC are
members of the ECSC. Unless otherwise decided by the ECSC, the CEO
and the Chairman of the Board of Directors attend all of the meetings.
From time to time, independent external experts are also invited to attend
ECSC meetings.
In 2024, the ECSC met five times (including one joint meeting between the
Audit Committee and Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee on
the CSRD) with an attendance rate of 100%. All of the above-described
items were discussed during the meetings and the ECSC fully performed
all its duties.
The ECSC’s work during the year was evenly split between sustainability
topics and compliance topics. On the sustainability side, the ECSC
discussed key sustainability roadmaps, including human rights and
substances, and provided guidance on a wide variety of climate-related
topics, including sustainability-related disclosures, internal strategy related
to SBTi Targets and SAF. The ECSC also reviewed the Company’s strategy
linked to critical materials sourcing, as well as the Company’s social value
and community impact policy and platform. The evolution of sustainability
reporting and the regulatory landscape was a further point of attention.
The ECSC continued to closely monitor Ethics and Compliance activities
as well, with periodic updates concerning the design and operation of the
compliance programme, in particular related to anti-corruption, export
controls and sanctions adherence. The ECSC monitored treatment of the
main allegations and investigations arising through the Company’s
whistleblowing alert system, lessons learned and measures undertaken to
promote a culture of integrity more broadly across the Company.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

45

2. Corporate Governance
2.1 Board of Directors

The Remuneration, Nomination and
Governance Committee
Pursuant to the Board rules, besides its role described in Sections 2.1.1
”Composition of the Board of Directors” and 2.1.2 ”Powers, rules and
engagement with shareholders” above, the RNGC consults with the
Chairman and the CEO with respect to proposals for the appointment of
the members of the Executive Committee, and makes recommendations
to the Board of Directors regarding the appointment of the Secretary to
the Board of Directors. The RNGC also makes recommendations to the
Board of Directors regarding succession planning (at Board of Directors,
Executive Committee and senior management levels), remuneration
strategies and long-term remuneration plans. Furthermore, the RNGC
oversees contractual matters in relation to the members of the Board and
the Executive Committee, including the terms and conditions of the
relevant contracts, and the preparation of the remuneration policy for
approval by the Board. The rules and responsibilities of the RNGC have
been set out in the Board Rules.
In addition, the RNGC reviews the Company’s top talents, discusses
measures to improve engagement and to promote diversity, as well as
reviewing the remuneration of the Executive Committee members, the
Long-Term Incentive Plans (”LTIP”), and the variable pay for the previous
year. Finally, the RNGC performs regular evaluations of the Company’s
corporate governance and makes proposals for changes to the Board
Rules or the Articles of Association.
The Chairman of the Board of Directors and the CEO attend all meetings
of the RNGC (subject to their recusal from portions of such meetings, as
may be appropriate). The Chief Human Resources Officer (”CHRO”) is
requested to attend meetings to present management proposals and to
answer questions. The CEO leaves the meetings when the RNGC
discusses his remuneration or personal situation.
Pursuant to the Board Rules, the Chair of the RNGC automatically fulfils
the function of ”Lead Independent Director”. In this role, the Chair of the
RNGC is responsible for (i) replacing the Chairman if unable to attend
meetings of the Board of Directors, (ii) organising the annual appraisal of
the Chairman’s performance by the Board of Directors and (iii) acting as
an intermediary for, and between, the other Directors when necessary.
The RNGC is required to meet at least four times a year. In 2024, it met
seven times with an attendance rate of 100% . It discussed all of the
above-described items during the meetings and it fully performed all its
duties. In particular, the Committee worked on strengthening the
succession plan for the CEO and Executive Committee, as well as the
evolution of the CEO’s remuneration. More generally, the RNGC held
regular discussions on the CEO and Executive Committee members’
succession plans, on talent management (development, engagement and
retention) and diversity. The RNGC’s work likewise included reviewing the
membership of the Board Committees.
A revised remuneration policy will be proposed at the 2025 Annual
General Meeting, and subject to shareholders’ approval will be published
on the Airbus website. Details regarding the policy’s implementation will
remain within the Board Report; for further information please refer to
Section 2.3.1 ”Remuneration Report -Introduction” below.

46

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

2. Corporate Governance
2.2 Executive Committee

2.2 Executive Committee

2

2.2.1 Nomination and Composition of
the Executive Committee

2.2.2 Role of CEO and
Executive Committee

This section contains information incorporated by reference to address CSRD
requirements related to Disclosure Requirement ”GOV-1 The role of the
administrative, management and supervisory bodies”, paragraphs 21, 23.

The CEO is responsible for executing the strategy, as approved by the
Board of Directors, and for managing the day-to-day operations of the
Company’s business with the support of the EC and its executive
leadership team through Executive Leadership Meetings (”ELM”) in which
the EC members participate. The CEO shall be accountable for the proper
execution of the day-to-day operations of the Company’s business.

The CEO proposes all the members of the Executive Committee of the
Company (the ”Executive Committee” or ”EC”) for approval by the Board
of Directors, after consultation with (i) the Chairman of the RNGC and (ii)
the Chairman of the Board of Directors, applying the following principles:
• the preference for the best candidate for the position;
• the maintenance of the balance of nationalities of Executive
Committee members, reflecting the location of the main industrial
centres of the Company (in particular balancing the nationals of
France, Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom, where these main
industrial centres are located); and
• at least two-thirds of the members of the Executive Committee,
including the CEO and the CFO, being EU nationals and residents.

ELMs are held on a regular basis and aim to advise the CEO on his
day-to-day role. The ELM also help to ensure that EC members report
back on business progress, updates and concerns, and they serve as a
forum to address Company-wide topics including corporate matters, and
for approving all vacancies and promotions above certain levels.
The EC further supports the CEO in performing these tasks. Under the
leadership of the CEO, the EC is responsible for business strategy as well
as organisational matters and management of the business; monitoring
key projects/products and major investments, overseeing performance
targets (whether financial, individual, for programmes or for support
functions) and outlining policies to motivate, recruit and retain employees.
It is also accountable for regulatory and statutory obligations, as well as
policy matters, communications and market disclosures. It is the forum
where information or requests for approval destined for the Board of
Directors are discussed and approved. The EC members shall jointly
contribute to the overall interests of the Company, in addition to each
member’s individual operational or functional responsibility within the
Company. The EC comprises the heads of the Commercial Aircraft,
Helicopters and Defence and Space businesses, plus the heads of other
key functions of the Company.
The CEO is the only Executive Director within the Board of Directors, and
represents the Company on the Board of Directors. That said, depending
on the topic, the CEO typically asks the responsible EC member to join him
at meetings of the Board of Directors to present financial information
(CFO), programme/product topics (Division heads), HR matters (Chief
Human Resources Officer) or any other topic where a specialist is needed.
This approach allows the Board members to get to know the EC members
and better equips the Board to make judgements when it comes to
decisions about key positions.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

47

2. Corporate Governance
2.3 Remuneration Report

2.3 Remuneration Report
2.3.1 Introduction
This section contains information incorporated by reference to address CSRD
requirements related to Disclosure Requirement ”GOV-3: Integration of
sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes”, paragraph 29.

Company’s governance and framework documents on the Company’s
website: https://www.airbus.com/en/our-governance/governanceframework-and-documents.

This remuneration report explains how the Company implemented the
Remuneration Policy for the Board of Directors in the financial year 2024.
As disclosed in the Airbus Report of the Board of Directors 2023, and as
part of the Company’s commitment to transparency and accessibility, the
Company’s Remuneration Policy is no longer included in the Board Report,
rather it is available as a standalone document, posted with the

The Company’s Remuneration Policy was adopted by the 2020 Annual
General Meeting (”AGM”) with effect as of 1 January 2020, and was most
recently adopted during the 2024 AGM by a majority of approximately
96% of the votes cast. During the 2024 AGM, the implementation of the
policy over 2023 received strong support from shareholders, with an
approval level of 94.56%.

A summary of the Company’s Remuneration Policy is as follows:
Remuneration
Element
Base Salary
(in €)

Short Term
Component

Performance Measures
Not applicable
Collective (50% of VR):
- EPS (40%)
- Free Cash Flow (40%)
- Sustainability (20%)

Variable
Remuneration Individual (50% of VR):
(“VR”)
- Outcomes
Based on the achievement
(in €)
of annual individual objectives
- Behaviour

}

Long Term
Component
LTIP

(in Units and/or
Shares)

Vesting subject to performance over a 3-year period.
In principle, no vesting if cumulative EBIT is negative**.
If cumulated EBIT is positive, vesting from 50%
to 150% of grant based on:
- EPS (75%)
- Free Cash Flow (25%)

Target and Maximum
1/3 of Total Direct Compensation* (when performance
achievement is 100% of target).

Target: 100% of Base Salary, depending on the performance
assessment, ranges from 0% to 200% of target.
Cap: 200% of Base Salary.

Cap (at the time of grant): 100% of Base Salary.
Vesting capped at 150% of initial grant (in number of Performance
Shares and/or Units).
Caps applicable to Performance Units at the vesting:
- overall payout is capped at a maximum of 250% of the original
value at the date of grant.
- the value that could result from share price increases is
capped at 200% of the reference share price at the date
of grant.

* Total Direct Compensation is composed of 1/3 Base Salary, 1/3 LTIP (when performance achievement is 100% of target).
** Nonetheless, in case the Company’s EBIT results are impacted by exceptional and unpredictable circumstances, the Board of Directors, upon recommendation of the RNGC(1),
may decide that a maximum portion of 50% of the allocation may vest.

Note that the disclosure included in this Section 2.3 constitutes the
Remuneration Report (bezoldigingsverslag) for purposes of Section 2:135b
of the Dutch Civil Code, and as such will be included as a separate agenda
item for an advisory vote at the 2025 AGM. Sections 2.3.2 and 2.3.3
respectively describe how the Company’s Remuneration Policy was
implemented in 2024 for the CEO and the Non-Executive Members of the
Board of Directors. The RNGC, composed solely of independent
non-executive members of the Board of Directors, is pleased to present
this Remuneration Report.

48

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

The cumulated remuneration of all Executive Committee Members is
presented in the ”Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial
Statements – Note 33. Remuneration”. To the extent that any
information presented in Note 33 relates to matters referred to
Articles 2:383c through 2:383e of the Dutch Civil Code and is not
described in paragraph 2.3.2, such information is incorporated by
reference into this Remuneration Report in order to satisfy the
requirements of the Dutch Civil Code.

2. Corporate Governance
2.3 Remuneration Report

2

Before setting the targets to be proposed for adoption by the Board of
Directors, the RNGC analyses scenarios with respect to the potential
targets, and considers the financial and other outcomes that would result
from meeting various performance levels, including achieving maximum
performance thresholds, and how the level and structure of executive
remuneration would be affected, together with the potential risks for the
Company’s business that these outcomes could present. The Board of
Directors further considers these aspects, based on the RNGC’s
recommendation.

1. Benchmarking
Upon the request of the RNGC, a benchmarking exercise was performed
in July 2024 by an independent third party, following an approach
consistent with that applied for the prior benchmarking exercise
(performed in 2023).
The relevant peer group was comprised of 55 companies(1) selected from
the CAC40 in France, the DAX 40 in Germany, the FTSE 100 in the UK, the
IBEX 35 in Spain and the Dow 30 in the US, having comparable economic
indicators such as revenues, number of employees and market
capitalisation. The benchmarking selection took the Company’s
geographical imprint (operations and employees) into consideration,
and offered perspective on compensation practices from direct and
indirect competitors.
US companies were included in this peer group, particularly as the
Company has direct competitors in the US, and since the Company
operates in the US, it has to compete with US companies to recruit senior

The comparison of the remuneration of the CEO versus the market range
is as follows:
• the Total Target Cash of the CEO (€ 2,970,000) is below the median
market range of the peer group (€ 3,366,000) by around 12%;
• the Total Direct Compensation of the CEO (€ 4,455,000) is below the
median level of the peer group (€7,365,000) by around 40%;
• while considering the peer groups, irrespective of the KPI selected
(turn over, market capitalisation, number of employees), Airbus belongs
to the companies in the third quartile of the peer group.

CEO compensaon relave to the market
benchmark
€ 7,000,000
€ 6,000,000
€ 5,000,000
€ 4,000,000
€ 3,000,000
€ 2,000,000
€ 1,000,000
€0

Total Target Cash
Median Market of the Peer Group

€ 4,455,000

In line with the expectations of the Company’s Remuneration Nomination
and Governance Committee (”RNGC”) and the Board of Directors, the
philosophy of the Remuneration Policy is to provide remuneration that will
serve to attract, retain and motivate high-calibre executives, while taking
into account best practices as well as employee and shareholder
considerations. In practice, the Remuneration Policy should help the
Company to achieve its strategic and operational objectives, and foster
the Company’s aim of delivering sustainable returns, consistent with the
Company’s identity, mission and values.

€ 7,365,000

This section describes how the Remuneration Policy was implemented in
2024 with respect to the CEO (Mr Guillaume Faury).

The updated benchmark shows that globally the Total Target Cash (Base
Salary + Variable Remuneration) of the peer group increased by around
7%, while the Total Direct Compensation (Base Salary + Variable
Remuneration + LTIP) of the peer group increased by around 10%, versus
the prior benchmark.

€ 2,970,000

This section contains information incorporated by reference to address CSRD
requirements related to Disclosure Requirement ”GOV-3: Integration of
sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes”, paragraph 29.

executive talent. That said, considering the unique pay practices prevalent
in the US, and since Airbus executives are mainly based in Europe, US
companies were not weighted as heavily as other jurisdictions. The data
was compounded using the following weighting: France 30% Germany
30%, Spain 15%, the United Kingdom 15% and the USA 10%. Financial
institutions were excluded from the peer group.

€ 3,366,000

2.3.2 Implementation of the
Remuneration Policy in
2024: CEO

Total Direct Compensaon
2024 CEO Remuneraon

In addition to external benchmarks, the RNGC also considers the
remuneration of employees through the review of the evolution of the pay
ratio (see below under ”-10 - Pay ratio”).

2. Base Salary
The 2024 CEO Base Salary level on a full year basis is unchanged
compared to 2022 and amounts to € 1,485,000 (still below the 2019 Base
Salary of the former CEO: € 1,500,000).

(1) Peer group:
	
France : Air Liquide, Danone, Dassault Systèmes, Engie, Safran SA, Saint-Gobain, Sanofi,
Schneider Electric, Stellantis, Thales, Total, Vinci
	
Germany: BASF, Bayer, BMW, Continental, Deutsche Post, Deutsche Telekom, E.ON, Henkel,
Mercedes, SAP, Siemens, Volkswagen
	
Spain: Aena, Amadeus IT, Cellnex, Endesa, Ferrovial, Iberdrola, Inditex, Naturgy,
Repsol, Telefónica
	
UK: Bae Systems, BAT, BP, Diageo, GSK, Rio Tinto, Rolls Royce, Shell, Tesco,
Unilever, Vodafone
	
US: 3M; Boeing, Caterpillar, Fedex, GE, General Dynamics, IBM, Lockheed, Northrop
Grumman, Raytheon

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

49

2. Corporate Governance
2.3 Remuneration Report

3. Variable Remuneration
As stipulated in the Remuneration Policy, the CEO’s Annual Variable
Remuneration (VR) is targeted at 100% of the Base Salary and capped at
200% of the Base Salary. It is subject to the fulfilment of collective and
individual performance targets.
For 2024, the VR of the CEO amounts to an aggregate of € 1,581,525
composed of € 690,525 (93%) for the Common Collective Component
and € 891,000 (120%) for the Individual Component.

Common Collecve
Component:

€ 690,525

Variable
Remuneraon of
CEO in 2024:

Individual part:

Achievement:

93%

€ 1,581,525

€ 891,000
120%

Performance achievement – Common
Collective Component
According to the policy applicable for the financial year 2024, the
consolidated level of achievement of the Common Collective Component
for the Company has been assessed at 93% by the RNGC and the Board
of Directors in February 2025, against the target levels validated at the
beginning of 2024 and that include detailed vesting scales for each
criteria(1). The overall achievement level results from: a 0% achievement of
the EBIT target, a 144% achievement of the Free Cash Flow(2) target and a
177.5% achievement of the Sustainability targets, as further
described below.
These criteria and their assessment apply to all Executives having a
Common Collective Component in their variable remuneration, which
since 2022 has been extended to all Senior Managers. Currently
approximately 5,150 employees receive a collective bonus based on the
achievements mentioned above.

Sustainability
20%

EBIT
40%

144%

93%

CO
10%

200%
43%

Minimum
Achievement
0%

Maximum
Achievement
200%

(1)	While the Company is paying all due attention to investors’ feedback, for sensitivity reasons,
specific information on vesting scale (threshold, target, maximum) is not disclosed.
(2)	In 2024, Airbus is using Free Cash Flow before customer financing and no longer Free Cash
Flow before M&A and customer financing

50

• In 2024, the CO2e decreased by more than 11% (reduction of circa
68 ktons), which is above the targeted reduction of 3%, leading to an
achievement of 200%. For further details, please refer to Section 6.2.2
”Sustainability Statement -ESRS E1 - Climate change”.
For 2025, the Board of Directors decided to maintain the Sustainability
component composed of FR1 for 50% and CO2 avoidance for 50% and to
set the following targets:

• CO2e: the annual targets are set in line with the Company’s 2030
roadmap; they refer to a material sub-scope of its operations on which
the Company can have a more direct control and influence. The CO2e
for 2025 was set in absolute value at 508.5 ktons, which represents a
reduction of 3% compared to 2024. For further details, please refer to
Section 6.2.2 ”Sustainability Statement -ESRS E1 - Climate change”.

Performance achievement –
Individual Component
The level of achievement of the Individual Component of the VR of the
CEO is assessed by the RNGC and the Board of Directors against the
targets set at the beginning of the year.
For 2024, based on the review conducted by the RNGC and the Board of
Directors in February 2025, the overall achievement level has been
assessed at 120%.

Overview on Individual Component achievements:

0

FCF
40%

FR1
10%

• In 2024, the rolling FR1 decreased by 31% in Commercial Aircraft,
increased by 11% in Airbus Helicopters and decreased by 49% in Airbus
Defence and Space, leading to a consolidated achievement of 155%.
For further details, please refer to Section 6.3.2.7 ”Sustainability
Statement -Health and Safety”.

• FR1: a reduction of the rolling FR1 by 15% for Commercial Aircraft and
Airbus Helicopters (at the end of 2024, the rolling FR1 at Commercial
Aircraft and Airbus Helicopters was above 1) and a stabilisation for
Airbus Defence and Space (at the end of 2024, the rolling FR1 at
Defence and Space was significantly below 1) versus the actual 2024
rolling FR1;

Achievement:

Financial
80%

Sustainability targets are measured by two criteria: the rolling lost time
injury frequency rate (”FR1”) which is the monthly number of lost time
injuries per million worked hours averaged over 12 months) and the
reduction in CO2 emissions (”CO2e”), each weighted for 10% of the
Common Collective Performance.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Individual Component

Weight

1. Outcome element

90%

Top Company objectives
(communicated to all employees of the Company
and shared with the Executives and Managers of
the Company)

30%

107%

Individual objectives
(how the CEO contributes to the success of the
Company)

60%

113%

2. Behaviour element

10%

200%

2024 CEO’s Individual Component performance
achievement

Achievement

120%

2. Corporate Governance
2.3 Remuneration Report

2
The Individual Component has been assessed according to two sets of
complementary elements:

1. Outcome element

The outcome element is composed of:
• The Top Company objectives: accounting for 30% of the total CEO
Individual Component, which are shared with Executives and
Managers of the Company to promote collective alignment;
Since 2023 to create a shared spirit of collective engagement and
solidarity across the Commercial Aircraft business towards, the ultimate

operational target consists of reaching the delivery guidance, hence
increasing the Company’s productivity and efficiency. It translated into an
individual objective shared by around 6,000 key contributors to the
Commercial Aircraft business.
Despite a complex operational environment, 766 aircraft were delivered
(versus the guidance update of around 770) in 2024.
• The CEO’s Individual objectives: accounting for 60% of the total
Individual Component, they encompass various aspects of what the
CEO can do to contribute to the success of the Company, such as
specific business results he achieves, projects he drives and processes
he improves.

As disclosed in the 2023 Report of the Board of Directors, published in February 2024, the individual priorities of the CEO for 2024 comprised:
1. Implement strategy, including but not limited to portfolio optimisation
for value creation;

4. Be the catalyst for future European aerospace cooperation and Protect
and deliver major defence programmes milestones;

2. Execute the product roadmap balancing short term and long term
goals;

5. Drive organisational change and develop the leadership team for the
future;

3. Improve our geopolitical resilience in a more fragmented world;

6. Enable execution on our Digital and Decarbonisation roadmap;
7. Oversee and ensure the Commercial Aircraft ramp up and guidance.

Overview of the 2024 CEO’s Individual objectives achievement:
2024 CEO’s
Individual objectives Weight

Strategy
implementation

10%

Achievement

The Board after reviewing the following factors in detail considered that the strategy implementation objective was
achieved:

100%

The CEO conducted a comprehensive portfolio analysis, including a review of the minority interests, some of which were
implemented in the course of the year, presented to the Board of Directors the Mergers and Acquisitions roadmap.
Cooperation topics have been identified with partners of the Company last year and strategic partnership agreements have
been entered into, for example with TotalEnergies or LanzaJet in Sustainable Aviation Fuel, pursuant to clear investment
criteria defined and endorsed by the Board notably with respect to energy.
Product roadmap
execution

10%

The Board after reviewing the following factors in detail considered that the product roadmap execution objective was
overachieved:

120%

The A321XLR, the world’s longest range single aisle aircraft, entered into service last year with the first delivery to Iberia in
October 2024, following its successful certification for the CFM powered version. The operating range flexibility of this
model provides resilience when facing airspace closures and longer flight routings. This demonstrates the continuous
investments made to enhance existing technologies and search for incremental efficiency gains for the Company’s current
products.
Airbus Helicopters secured a comprehensive upgrade programme for the NH90 in 2024 with the signature of the block 1
upgrade with NAHEMA (Nato Helicopter Management Agency). The groundwork for the European Next Generation
Rotorcraft has been laid through dedicated concept studies. The Racer, a high-speed helicopter demonstrator that aims to
leverage increased speed to deliver added value for citizens and operators, made its first flight and reached its fast cruise
speed target of 407 km/h in 2024. The simple and proven aerodynamic formula seeks to achieve the best trade-off
between speed, cost-efficiency and mission performance.
Despite a challenging year for the Space business, several satellites were successfully launched, for example the Sentinel2C, built by the Company as part of the EU Copernicus Earth monitoring programme and the EarthCARE which was
developed, built and tested with involvement of experts from 15 European countries as well as Japan and Canada, under the
leadership of the Company.
In June 2024, Airbus Defence & Space presented its new Wingman concept, a fighter-type drone that will be commanded
by a pilot in a current combat aircraft such as the Eurofighter.
Airbus Defence and Space has been awarded a contract by Eutelsat to build the extension of its OneWeb Low Earth Orbit
constellation. Under the contract signed between the two companies, Airbus will build the first batches of the extension,
totalling 100 satellites, with delivery targeted from the end of 2026. The new satellites will enable key technology upgrades
and notably 5G on-ground integration.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

51

2. Corporate Governance
2.3 Remuneration Report

2024 CEO’s
Individual objectives Weight

Geopolitical
resilience
improvement

10%

Achievement

The Board after reviewing the following factors in detail considered that the geopolitical resilience objective was
overachieved:

110%

Continued resilience ensured by a strong order intake:
2024 has been a record year for order intake at both Airbus Helicopters (with 455 gross orders from 182 customers in 42
countries) and Airbus Defence and Space. Commercial Aircraft received 878 gross new orders in 2024; the Company’s
leading position in the single aisle market was complemented by the momentum for the widebody orderbook. In this
respect, an order was received from Riyadh Air for 60 A321neo Family aircraft, welcoming Riyadh Air as a new customer and
partner to the Company
> And a diversified footprint: Airbus assembled its 500th aircraft in Mobile, USA, and its 700th A320 inTianjin, China in 2024.
The Company’s footprint in India was further developed in 2024 which contributes to the strengthening of India’s aerospace
and defence industry. A joint venture was entered into with Air India to launch a world-class pilot training centre in
Gurugram. In addition, Airbus inaugurated its new India and South Asia Headquarters in Delhi as part of its development of a
comprehensive aerospace ecosystem across all dimensions in this region. Furthermore, Tata Advanced Systems and the
Company inaugurated the C295 FAL (Final Assembly Line) in Vadodara, expanding the C295 Make In India programme.
> Continuous business impact analyses, including the assessment of supply chain risks have been carried out with respect
to major armed conflicts. The Company has also adequately anticipated and reacted to sanctions and export restrictions in
a challenging geopolitical environment.

Aerospace
cooperation,
defence
milestones

10%

The Board after reviewing the following factors in detail considered that the aerospace cooperation and defence milestones
objective was overachieved:

120%

The CEO shows commitment to increasing aerospace cooperation in his position as President and Chairman of the Board of
Directors of the European Aerospace, Security and Defence Industries and that of President of the Groupement des
Industries Françaises de l’Aéronautique et du Spatial.
Two strategic contracts to further enhance the A400M capabilities were entered into with the Organisation for Joint
Armament Cooperation (OCCAR) in 2024.
Significant orders were placed for Eurofighter aircraft in 2024, with an order of 25 aircraft for Spain and 24 for Italy.
The Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) portfolio of Airbus Defence and Space and Helicopters has continued to grow. The
Company has focused on the development of crewed-uncrewed teaming, where crewed helicopters and Uncrewed Aerial
Systems fly simultaneously whilst connected to a single network.
The CEO presented to the Board contemplated strategic cooperation with a focus on Defence and Space.
These achievements reflect Airbus’ dedication to fostering international defense cooperation, advancing technological
innovation, and supporting the defense needs of its partners worldwide.

Organisational
change,
leadership
development

5%

The Board after reviewing the following factors in detail considered that the organisation change and leadership
development objective was overachieved:
After the appointment of a dedicated Commercial Aircraft business management team the new organisation is well
established and is focusing on simplification and optimisation as production ramps up.
On 1 January 2024, Airbus Defence and Space implemented a new, simplified organisational structure which consists of
three business lines: Air Power, Space Systems and Connected Intelligence. A follow-up plan to further adapt its
organisation and workforce has been worked on to enhance competitiveness. In March 2024, a new CEO and CFO of
Space Systems were appointed.
The CEO further developed the Company’s strategy to address the current volatile geopolitical landscape and seize
worldwide business opportunities in creating dedicated Strategy and International departments reporting directly to him.
The CEO secured succession plans for key Executive Committee positions, in particular: Lars Wagner will join the Company
as CEO of the Commercial Aircraft business (from 1 January 2026) and Carmen-Maja Rex was appointed as the Chief
Human Resources Officer, effective from 1 April 2025. These appointments demonstrate the CEO’s ability to attract external
talents to complement his leadership team.
At the CEO’s initiative, a collective feedback exercise involving the Executive Committee members and a third party advisor
has been organised in 2024 to further develop the team’s dynamics, assess the ways of working and reinforce the
effectiveness of the organisation.

52

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

150%

2. Corporate Governance
2.3 Remuneration Report

2
2024 CEO’s
Individual objectives Weight

Execution Digital & 5%
Decarbonisation
roadmap

Achievement

The Board after reviewing the following factors in detail considered that the execution of the digital and decarbonisation
roadmap objective was overachieved:

110%

Digital:
After the Final Assembly Lines were adjusted to produce the A321neo in 2023, the first A321neo was assembled in 2024
using a complete suite of DDMS (Digital Design, Manufacturing and Services) solutions.
In 2024, Defence and Space finalised the acquisition of Infodas, a German company that provides cybersecurity and IT
solutions to the public sector, strengthening the Company’s cybersecurity portfolio.
Artificial Intelligence strategy is high on the CEO’s agenda and has been the subject of specific discussions with the Board
in 2024.
Decarbonisation:
The Company increased the use of Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF) for its own development test flights and training to 18%
in 2024.
In July 2024, the Company and Airports Council International World association signed a cooperation agreement to support
the industry’s efforts to reduce the environmental impact of aviation. This partnership leverages the strengths of the world’s
leading aircraft manufacturer and the largest and most important international association of airports to make significant
progress in both decarbonising aviation and mitigating aircraft noise impact. This alliance will address key areas including
SAF, hydrogen technologies, advanced air mobility, operations efficiency, and aircraft noise management practices.
The Company founded the Hydrogen Hubs at Airports network in 2024, a collaborative initiative where the Company is
joining forces with airlines, airports, industry partners and technology specialists to answer primary questions regarding the
use of hydrogen.

Commercial
Aircraft ramp-up
and guidance

10%

The Board after reviewing the following factors in detail considered that the Commercial Aircraft ramp up and guidance
objective was achieved:

100%

The Company has delivered 766 commercial aircraft to 86 customers in 2024 (compared to 735 deliveries in 2023,
representing a 4% increase of deliveries in 2024). This result is in line with the updated delivery guidance set at around 770
aircraft. Last year was characterised by geopolitical tensions and a challenging supply chain. These deliveries have been
made despite the complex and fast-changing operating environment in 2024.
The Company continues to ramp up to serve the strong demand for its commercial aircraft product portfolio and deliver on
its highest order book in the Company’s history.
The Company entered into a binding term sheet agreement with Spirit AeroSystems in relation to a potential acquisition of
major activities related to Airbus in order to ensure the stability of supply for some of its key commercial aircraft
programmes.
The Company also contributed to the launch of Ace Aéro Partenaires II, a three digit millions investment fund dedicated to
the support of the supply chain.

Total 2024 CEO’s
Individual
objectives

60%

2. Behaviour element

The CEO behavioural element accounts for 10% of the total Individual
Component and refers to the way results have been achieved, which is
critical for the Company’s long-term success. This element effectively
comprises how the CEO and the Board of Directors work as a team and
how the CEO leads the Executive Committee, as well as the CEO’s
communication skills, appetite for innovation and capacity for
driving change.
With his extensive operational knowledge, his global outlook and strong
personal values, the CEO has demonstrated throughout the year an
exceptionally resilient mind-set and personal skills to successfully lead the
Company, despite the various challenges faced.

113%

The CEO stood firm on critical issues during a very challenging year. The
CEO has been assessed by the Board as being a role model in many
aspects including aviation safety and has been recognised as an
outstanding ethical compass for the Company.
2025 Overview on CEO Individual Component:
Individual Component

Weight

Top Company objectives including Ethics & Compliance
(communicated to all employees of the Company and shared
with the Executives and Managers of the Company)

40%

CEO priorities
(how the CEO contributes to the success of the Company)

60%

Total

100%

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

53

2. Corporate Governance
2.3 Remuneration Report

For the year 2025, the Board has set the following priorities for the CEO:
2025 CEO’s Individual objectives

Weight

1. Ensure the ramp up on all programmes for Commercial
Aircraft, Helicopters and Defence & Space

10%

2. Progress on the digital and decarbonisation roadmap,
including: act as a catalyst for the SAF & hydrogen
eco-systems, continue the progress on the Airbus internal
roadmap and on Airbus digital roadmap

5%

3. Continue to drive future European aerospace cooperation
and ensure a successful transformation and restructuring of
the Defence and Space business

15%

4. Further develop and enhance our resilience to adapt and
navigate through the fast changing and disruptive
geopolitical landscape

10%

4. Long-Term Incentive Plan
2024 Grant

In 2024, under the Company’s Long-Term Incentive (LTI) plan, the Board
decided to grant only Performance Shares, and no Performance Units.
This applies to the CEO as well as to all beneficiaries of LTI. The value of
the Performance Share award to the CEO has been capped at 100% of his
Base Salary, in line with the applicable Remuneration Policy. It represents
one third of the CEO’s target Total Direct Compensation and the vesting of
the Performance Shares will be subject to the performance measures
(average EPS (75%) and cumulative FCF (25%)) described below under
”-5 - Share ownership”). The table below gives an overview of the
Performance Shares granted to the CEO in 2024 pursuant to the LTI plan:

Share plan: number of Performance Shares
Guillaume
Faury

5. Successfully execute the product roadmap, including the
delivery on key programmes milestones such as:

Granted in 2024

Vesting dates

10,839

Vesting schedule is made up of
1 tranche expected in May 2028

Vesting values in 2024

> Airbus Commercial Aircraft programmes: A350F
and A321XLR

In 2024, the CEO received both cash payments and vested shares in
connection with the vesting of 2019 and 2020 LTI awards:

> Airbus Defence and Space programmes: A400M, FCAS,
Eurodrone, OneSat, Zephyr
10%

• Cash: the total cash payment to the CEO amounted to € 1,065,916 in
2024.

6. Further develop Airbus leadership team, including
coaching and development of top executives, ensure
mapping of skills and competence needed for critical
positions

10%

• Shares: in connection with the 2020 LTI award, the CEO received
14,880 vested shares on 6 May 2024.

Total

60%

> Airbus Helicopters: Tiger MK3, HIL and future light-twin
engine programmes

54

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

2. Corporate Governance
2.3 Remuneration Report

2
LTIP overview: granting and vesting
Date of
grants

Value at grant
date

Performance
achievement

Units with
performance
achievement

Grant Type

Number

Share price
at grant

2019

Unit

5,530

€ 122.06

€ 674,992

50%

2,766

2 vestings in 2023
- 2024

11 May 2023
€ 125.20
6 May 2024
€ 160.68

2019

Share

5,530

€ 122.06

€ 674,992

50%

2,765

1 vesting in 2023

11 May 2023
€ 122.04

2020

Unit

9,920

€ 68.04

€ 674,957

150%

14,880

2 vestings in
2024 – 2025

6 May 2024
€ 136.08**

2020

Share

9,920

€ 68.04

€ 674,957

150%

14,880

1 vesting in 2024

6 May 2024
€ 154.62

2021

Share

12,121

€ 111.38

€ 1,350,037

96%

11,636

1 vesting in 2025

Not yet known

2022

Share

14,115

€ 105.20

€ 1,484,898

Not yet known

Not yet known

1 vesting in 2026

Not yet known

2023

Share

11,619

€ 127,81

€ 1,485,024

Not yet known

Not yet known

1 vesting in 2027

Not yet known

2024

Share

10,839

€ 137.00

€ 1,484,943

Not yet known

Not yet known

1 vesting in 2028

Not yet known

Share value at
vesting dates*

Dates of vesting

* Vesting will occur according to the respective rules and regulations of each plan.
** Both caps on share price and value compared to the initial grant value have been applied as per the rules and regulation of the 2020 LTI plan.
100% of units and shares granted are conditional to the achievement of performance conditions.

Performance Conditions of 2021 LTI plan:

• The performance conditions for 2021 LTI plan were determined as
follows: if the Company reports a positive cumulative EBIT, a minimum
portion of 50% of the Performance Units/Shares vest. If the Company
reports a negative cumulative EBIT resulting from exceptional
circumstances, the Board of Directors can decide at its sole discretion
to vest a maximum portion of 50% of the Performance Units/Shares.

Review of achievement of performance conditions:

In February 2025, the Board of Directors noted the achievement of the
performance conditions of the 2021 plan, i.e. for the 2022, 2023 and 2024
fiscal years. The three-year average EPS was € 5.19 and the three-year
Cum FCF was € 12,007 million.

• 50% to 150% of the allocation would be granted depending on the
compounded achievement of the two following performance criteria:
◦ 75% of average EPS (”Ave EPS”): determined on a linear basis
depending on three-year Ave EPS for the 2022, 2023 and 2024
fiscal years, with the three-year Ave EPS target for an allocation of
100% equal to € 5.35; and
◦ 25% of cumulative FCF (”Cum FCF”): determined on a linear basis
depending on three-year Cum FCF for the 2022, 2023 and 2024
fiscal years, with the three-year Cum FCF target for an allocation of
100% equal to € 11,821 million.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

55

2. Corporate Governance
2.3 Remuneration Report

For reasons of confidentiality, the precise targets set for the average EPS and cumulative Free Cash Flow, even though they have been properly
established and validated in a suitable manner, cannot be publicly disclosed as these objectives are considered as competitive sensitive information.
Nonetheless, in the spirit of providing the highest level of transparency to our shareholders and to adhere to best practices, retrospective information
demonstrating the stringency of the targets set by the Board of Directors is provided for the previous LTIP, as follows:

Date of grants

KPI

Number
of units

Target for a
100%
allocation

Achieved

Performance
achievement in
percentage

Compounded
performance
achievement in
percentage

Resulting
vesting in
number

2019

Ave EPS
Cum FCF

11,060

€ 7.72
€ 13,150m

€ 3.10
€ 4,320m

50%
50%

50%

5,530

2020

Ave EPS
Cum FCF

19,840

€ 2.52
€ 1,951m

€ 5.19
€ 11,720m

150%
150%

150%(1)

29,760

2021

Ave EPS
Cum FCF

12,121

€ 5.35
€ 11,821m

€ 5.19
€ 12,007m

93%
103%

96%

11,636

(1) The overperformance of the 2020 plan is due to a faster than expected recovery from the COVID 19 pandemic. As a reminder, the 2020 plan was granted in October 2020 when the impact of the
pandemic for the years 2021, 2022 and 2023 was still extremely difficult to predict.

Based on the above, the ratio between the fixed part of the remuneration
of the CEO in 2024 (Base Salary, annual contribution to the Company’s
defined contribution pension plan and benefits) and the variable part of
the remuneration (Variable Remuneration related to 2024 paid-out in 2025
and LTIP vesting in 2024) is 31%/69% (2023: 47%/53%).

5. Share ownership
The CEO owned 44,244 Airbus SE shares on 31 December 2024 which
represents a value higher than 200% of his Base Salary, in compliance with
the Share ownership guideline (see the Company’s Remuneration Policy
under ”B. 6 - Share ownership guideline”). Please refer to the AFM website
www.afm.nl for any further information related to the transactions of the CEO.

6. Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP)
In March 2024, the Company offered all eligible employees the
opportunity to subscribe to a share matching plan, through which the
Company matches a certain number of directly acquired shares with a
grant of matching shares. This ratio varies depending on the number of
shares acquired at fair market value by the employees, with a maximum
discount of 50%. The total offering was up to 3.5 million shares of Airbus
SE, open to all qualifying employees. Information about the plan can be
found on the Company’s website.
Under the umbrella of the ESOP 2024, a dedicated UK tax advantageous
Share Incentive Plan (”SIP”) was also deployed in March 2024.
Although the CEO was eligible for the plan, he did not participate in the
ESOP 2024 plan, leaving more shares for employees in order to favour the
development of employee shareholding.

7. Benefits
Costs of benefits provided through applicable mandatory collective and
social security plans are accounted for among social charges (please refer
to Note 33 to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements for further
details). The monetary value of other benefits provided to the CEO in 2024
amounts to € 35,292 (vs € 34,969 in 2023).

56

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

8. Retirement
Until the end of 2019, the retirement benefit of the CEO accrued through a
defined benefit commitment. Following the Board of Directors decision
approved in the AGM 2020, the accrued pension rights under this
commitment have been frozen based on the seniority of the CEO as
Executive Committee member at the end of 2019. A replacement target
ratio has therefore been set at 52% of his Base Salary (i.e. 26% of the sum
of his Base Salary and his target VR) and will no longer accrue. The
pension rights under this commitment remain unvested until the
retirement date of the CEO.
The pension rights arising from the Company’s defined contribution plan
(i.e. contribution of 20% of the pensionable remuneration, which is the
Base Salary and the most recently paid VR) are deducted from the frozen
pension rights described above.
The present value of the remaining CEO’s pension obligation related to the
frozen defined benefit commitment is estimated annually by an
independent actuarial firm according to the international accounting
standard IAS19 as applied by the Company for post-employment benefits.
As of 31 December 2024, the defined benefit obligation related to the
frozen defined benefit commitment amounted to € 4,172,786 (2023:
€ 3,875,518). This obligation has been accrued in the 2024 Consolidated
Financial Statements and will be updated annually up to the retirement
date of the CEO considering additional service cost and future changes on
economic assumptions or other factors like salary increase.
For the fiscal year 2024, the cost related to the CEO’s pension rights
accrued under Company’s plans during the year represented an expense
of € 1,121,057 (2023: net profit of € 1,049,054 composed of an expense of
€ 1,404,951 and the effect of the French pension reform leading to a
release of provision of € 2,454,006).
The annual cost of pension rights accrued under applicable mandatory
collective and state pension plans are accounted for among social
charges (please refer to Note 33 to the IFRS Consolidated Financial
Statements for further details).

2. Corporate Governance
2.3 Remuneration Report

2
9. Clawback

and LTI grant face value) and the average compensation of full-time
equivalent employees for the fiscal year to which this report relates is
approximately 64 (2023: 67*, 2022: 74; 2021: 56; 2020: 64; 2019: 64).

The Board of Directors did not apply any clawback in 2024.

10. Pay ratio

* This figure corrects the ratio (70) erroneously disclosed in the Airbus Report of the Board of
Directors 2023.

The Dutch Corporate Governance Code recommends that the Company
provides a ratio comparing the compensation of the CEO and that of a
”representative reference group” determined by the Company.

11. Severance

The Company’s pay ratio is calculated by comparing the compensation of
the CEO with the average compensation of employees, which is derived
from the number of employees and the personnel expenses disclosed in
the Financial Statements (see Notes 28 and 29 to the IFRS Consolidated
Financial Statements).
The ratio between the compensation of the CEO (including Base Salary,
Variable Remuneration, social charges, benefits, pension contributions

No payment has been made to the CEO in 2024 related to severance or
other termination indemnity.
Under the current CEO’s appointment terms and conditions, the payment
of an indemnity in case of termination would be subject to performance
conditions. These conditions would be fulfilled if the collective and
individual components of the VR for the last 2 financial years preceding
the financial year during which the termination occurs have been
assessed by the Board of Directors at 100% or more.

12. Development of the compensation
The table below provides an overview of the development of the direct cash compensation paid to the CEO during a financial year composed by the
Base Salary plus the VR (as defined below) and of the Employee Compensation (as defined below).
Financial year

2024

2023

2022

2021

2020

Annual Base Salary (k€)

1,485

1,485

1,485

1,350

1,350

(1)

VR (k€)

1,916

2,042

2,241

1,404

1,553

Total

3,401

3,527

3,726

2,754

2,903

Annual Variation

-3.6%

-5.3%

+35%

-5.1%

-21.8%

II. Long Term Incentive Plan (k€)(2)

1,485

1,485

1,485

1,350

1,350

EBIT Adjusted (m€)

5,354

5,838

5,627

4,865

1,706

Annual Variation

-8%

+4%

+16%

+185%

-75%

4,044

4,386

4,680

3,515

(6,935)

Annual variation

-8%

-8%

+33%

n.a

-298%

FCF before customer financing (m€) - (new definition
from 2024)(3)

4,463

4,532

4,816

3,707

(6,799)

-2%

-6%

+30%

n.a.

n.a.

82.1

80.2

79.3

71.6

72.0

+2.4%

+1.1%

+10.8%

-0.6%

-4.1%

I. CEO’s direct cash compensation

III. Company Performance

FCF before M&A and customer financing (m€) (former definition up to 2023)(3)

Annual variation
IV. Employee Compensation (k€)

(4)

Annual Variation

(1) VR paid during the financial year at stake in relation to the previous financial year. In 2020, the VR paid is related to the former CEO from 1 January 2019 up to 10 April 2019 (based on target) and to
the current CEO from 10 April 2019 up to the end of the year 2019. As a reminder, the current CEO decided in 2020 to donate the equivalent to his VR related to 2019 to non-governmental organisations
and humanitarian organisations.
(2) Face value of LTI granted in the financial year.
(3) Change in definition from 2024, using Free Cash Flow ”before customer financing” and no longer Free Cash Flow ”before M&A and customer financing”
(4) Average compensation of full-time equivalent permanent employees from France, Germany, Spain and the UK for the Company, excluding subsidiaries, composed by gross sum of the Base Salary,
annual bonus, profit and success sharing, overtime, premium for work conditions and other premiums. For the 2023 financial year, the amount presented has been adjusted based on final figures. For
the 2024 financial year, the amount presented is still an estimate and will be adjusted next year.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

57

2. Corporate Governance
2.3 Remuneration Report

2.3.3 Implementation of the
Remuneration Policy in 2024:
Non-Executive Directors

1. Board fees:

This section describes how the Remuneration Policy was implemented in
2024 with respect to the Non-Executive Directors. In line with the
Remuneration Policy, its implementation aims at ensuring fair
compensation and protecting the independence of the Board Members.
Their remuneration should be commensurate to the time spent and the
responsibilities of their role on the Board of Directors.

• Attendance fees (€/Board meeting):

The CEO is the only Member of the Board of Directors who is not entitled
to any Board or Committee fee.
In 2024, Non-Executive Members of the Board of Directors were entitled
to the fees described below.
The applicable attendance fees for Board and Committee meetings
remain unchanged as respectively set in 2016 and 2019.
The fixed fees were based on the review of the Board remuneration
undertaken in 2022 with the support of an independent consultant to align
the Board remuneration with market practice, incentivise attendance and
recognise the strategic role played by the Board of Directors in the
Company’s developments.
A benchmarking exercise was performed in September 2022 by an
independent advisor, Egon Zehnder, at the RNGC request, based on a
global peer group of 80 large-scale corporations(1), where the Company’s
market capitalisation and revenues fall within the third quartile.

• Fixed fee for membership of the Board of Directors (€/year):
◦ Chair of the Board: 500,000
◦ Member of the Board: 120,000
◦ Chair: 15,000
◦ Member: 10,000
Attendance fees shall decrease by 50% in case of an attendance by
phone or a Board meeting held by phone.

2. Committee fees:
• Fixed fee for membership of a Committee (€/year):
◦ Chair: 60,000
◦ Member of a Committee: 30,000
• Attendance fee for membership of a Committee, applicable to chair
and members €/additional meeting above four meetings per
Committee per year, whether these meetings were held physically or
by phone):
◦ Physical participation: 3,000 if the chair or member is based in
Europe and double attendance fee amount (i.e. 6,000) if the chair or
member is based outside Europe.
◦ Participation by phone (whether the meeting is held physically or by
phone): 1,500.

The group of companies considered in the benchmark analysis is broader
than the peer group used to position the CEO’s compensation. This
divergence is justified considering that the purpose of this analysis was to
ensure that Airbus’ non-executive pay practices remain suitable and
competitive on a global scale, enabling the attraction of specific and
diverse expertise beyond its industry and geographical footprint, as
illustrated by the current Board composition.
Furthermore, in view of (i) non-executive directors and executive directors
having distinct profiles, (ii) non-executive directors’ and executive
directors’ pay not being directly comparable, and (iii) non-executive
director pay practices varying significantly between countries, the
expanded scope in this specific exercise is justified.
However, and to remain consistent with the Company’s approach and
profile, approximately 88% of the companies considered are either
registered in the Netherlands or in Airbus’ core countries (France,
Germany, Spain and UK).

(1) Peer group:
3M, A.P. Moller - Maersk A/S , AB Volvo, ABB, Accenture, Ahold Delhaize, Air Liquide, Aon, Bae System, Banco Bilbao, BASF, BAT, Bayer, BMW, Bombardier, BP, Caterpillar, Chevron, Continental, Credit
Suisse, Daimler, Danone, Dassault Systèmes, Deutsche Post, Deutsche Telekom, DIAGEO, E.ON, Endesa, Engie, Exxon Mobil Corp, Fedex, Ferrovial, Ford Motor, Fortum Oyj, GE, General Dynamics
Corporation, GSK, Heineken, Henkel, Honeywell International Inc., Iberdrola, IBM, INDITEX, ING, Koninklijke DSM NV, Leonardo, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Mckesson Corp, MTU Aero Engines AG,
Naturgy, Nestle, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Novartis, NXP Semiconductors, Raytheon Technologies Corporation, Renault, Repsol, Rio Tinto, Roche, Rolls Royce, Safran, Saint-Gobain, Sanofi,
Santander, SAP, Schneider Electric, SHELL, Siemens, Sodexo, Stellantis, Telefonica, Tesco, Thales, The Boeing Company, Total, Unilever, Unitedhealth Group, Vinci, Vodafone, Volkswagen.

58

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

2. Corporate Governance
2.3 Remuneration Report

2
The remuneration of the Non-Executive Members of the Board of Directors was as follows:
2024

2023

2022

2021

2020

Fixum(1)

Attendance
Fees(2)

Total

Fixum1

Attendance
Fees(2)

Total

Total

Total

Total

René Obermann

500,000

120,000

620,000

500,000(3)

105,000

605,000(3)

360,000

300,000

193,988

Victor Chu

150,000

66,500

216,500

150,000

62,000

212,000

166,000

143,000

178,000

Jean-Pierre
Clamadieu

210,000

82,000

292,000

210,000

76,000

286,000

236,500

197,500

217,087

Mark Dunkerley

180,000

110,000

290,000

180,000

94,000

274,000

236,420

166,000

118,879

Stephan Gemkow

150,000

81,000

231,000

150,000

76,000

226,000

208,000

163,000

128,879

Catherine
Guillouard

210,000

86,000

296,000

210,000

63,000

273,000

238,000

197,500

223,000

Amparo Moraleda

210,000

82,000

292,000

210,000

69,500

279,500

243,000

184,500

215,000

Claudia Nemat

150,000

67,500

217,500

150,000

56,500

206,500

176,500

156,500

180,000

Irene Rummelhoff

150,000

78,000

228,000

150,000

55,000

205,000

147,100

–

–

Antony Wood

150,000

86,000

236,000

141,050

70,000

211,050

13,913

–

–

108,791

60,000

168,791

–

–

–

–

–

–

75,000

15,000

90,000

150,000

70,000

220,000

200,000

161,000

183,000

Lord Drayson(7)

–

–

–

48,811

169,500

200,000

Carlos Tavares(8)

–

–

–

27,541

(In €)

Non-Executive
Board Members

(4)

Dr Fei Yu Xu(5)
Former NonExecutive Board
Members
Ralph D. Crosby,
Jr.(6)

125,000

150,000

(9)

–

96,731

Hermann-Josef
Lamberti(10)

–

70,274

1,963,500(11)

2,154,838

Denis Ranque

Total

2,243,791

934,000

3,177,791

2,201,050

797,000

2,998,050

2,301,785

(1) Fixum includes a base fee for Board membership and the relevant Committee membership as the case may be (Audit Committee, Remuneration, Nomination and Governance Committee (”RNGC”)
and Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee (”ECSC”). The fixum for the year 2024 was paid 50% in January 2024 and 50% in July 2024. The fixum for the year 2023 was paid 50% in January
2023 and 50% in July 2023.
(2) 2024 attendance fees include the Board attendance fees and the fees in relation to the relevant Committee (Audit Committee, RNGC and ECSC) meetings. The Board attendance fees related to
the first semester 2024 were paid in July 2024, those related to the second semester 2024 were paid in January 2025. The Committees’ attendance fees related to the full year 2024 were paid in
January 2025.
(3) Amount before donation to several charitable organisations of the portion exceeding the fixed remuneration received in 2022, as described in the 2023 Board Report.
(4) Member of the Audit Committee since 19 April 2023.
(5) Member of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee since 10 April 2024.
(6) Member of the Board and ECSC until 10 April 2024.
(7) Member of the Board of Directors, the RNGC and the ECSC until 12 April 2022.
(8) Member of the Board of Directors until 12 April 2022.
(9) Chairman of the Board of Directors and of the former Ethics & Compliance Committee until 16 April 2020.
(10) Member of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee until 16 April 2020.
(11) In the Airbus Report of the Board of Directors 2023 this figure reflected a minor arithmetic error, which has been corrected.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

59

2. Corporate Governance
2.4 Dutch Corporate Governance Code

2.4 Dutch Corporate Governance Code
In accordance with Dutch law and with the provisions of the Dutch Code,
which provides (non-obligatory) guidance for effective collaboration and
management, the Company either applies the provisions of the Dutch
Code or, if applicable, explains and gives sound reasons for deviations
from these provisions.
The Dutch Code was revised in 2022, with its updated
recommendations applying to financial years starting on or after 1 January
2023. The Company welcomed the updates to the Dutch Code and
continues supporting its emphasis on topics such as sustainable
long-term value creation and the importance of culture (in particular,
diversity and inclusion).
While the Company, in its continuous efforts to adhere to the highest
standards, applies nearly all the current recommendations of the Dutch
Code, it must, in accordance with the ”comply or explain” principle,
provide the explanations below. For the full text of the Dutch Code, please
refer to: https://www.mccg.nl/.
For the financial year 2024, and in respect of compliance with the Dutch
Code, the Company states the following:

Securities in the Company as
long-term investment
Best practice provision 3.3.3 of the Dutch Code recommends that
non-Executive Directors who hold securities in the Company should keep
them as a long-term investment. With this not being a strict legal
requirement, it is at the discretion of the non-Executive Directors who own
shares to decide whether to keep them as a long-term investment; the
Company imposes no such requirement.
Best practice provision 3.1.2 vi of the Dutch Code recommends that any
shares awarded to the Chief Executive Officer (the ”CEO”) should be held
for at least five years after they are awarded. The rules applicable within
the Company do not impose a minimum five year holding period for such
awarded shares; however, the Company believes that potential deviations
from this recommendation are significantly limited by the Company’s
share ownership guidelines, under which the CEO is expected to hold
throughout their tenure Airbus SE shares with a value equal to at least
200% of their base salary. For further information on these topics, please
refer to the Company’s Remuneration Policy, under ”B. 5- Long-Term
Incentive Plan” and ”B. 6 - Share ownership guideline” (available on the
Company’s website: https://www.airbus.com/en/our-governance/
governance-framework-and-documents).

Dealings with analysts
Best practice provision 4.2.3 of the Dutch Code recommends meetings
with analysts, presentations to analysts, presentations to investors and
institutional investors and press conferences shall be announced in
advance on the Company’s website and by means of press releases. In
addition, it recommends that provisions shall be made for all shareholders
to follow these meetings and presentations in real time, and that after the
meetings the presentations shall be posted on the Company’s website.
For practical reasons, the Company does not always allow shareholders to
follow meetings with analysts in real time. However, the Company ensures
that all shareholders and other parties in the financial markets are
provided with equal and simultaneous information about matters that may
influence the share price.

60

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Diversity and inclusion
Best practice provision 2.1.6 of the Dutch Code recommends that the
corporate governance statement explain the diversity and inclusion policy
of the Company and the way it is implemented. In accordance with Dutch
law (Article 2:166 of the Dutch Civil code) the Company provides such
information in Section 6.3.2.8 ”Sustainability Statement -Diversity” below.

CEO’s remuneration policy - Severance
The Airbus remuneration policy provides that in case of termination of the
CEO’s duties at the initiative of the Board of Directors, the CEO shall be
entitled to a termination indemnity equal to one time the last Total Annual
Remuneration (defined the Base Salary and VR most recently paid),
subject to applicable local legal requirements (if any). The termination
indemnity would be paid only provided that the performance conditions
assessed by the Board of Directors had been fulfilled by the CEO. If the
CEO’s appointment as member of the Board of Directors terminates within
a period of 12 months or less prior to his retirement date, the termination
indemnity will be limited by pro-rating its amount. Best practice provision
3.2.3 of the Dutch Code recommends that severance arrangements be
limited to a maximum of one year’s base salary. As the Company
competes on a global basis (and beyond the Dutch market) for talent, the
Company deems a deviation of this recommendation to be justified. The
termination indemnity of the CEO could therefore result in a deviation from
the Dutch Code.

Other
For information on the operation of the Shareholders’ Meeting, its key
powers, the shareholders’ rights and how such powers and rights can be
exercised, see Section 4.2.2 ”Right to attend shareholders’ meetings”. For
information on the composition and operation of the Board of Directors
and its respective committees, see Sections 2.1.1 ”Composition of the
Board of Directors” and 2.1.4 ”Board Committees”.
For information on (i) significant direct and indirect shareholdings,
(ii) holders of shares with special control rights, (iii) rules governing
appointment and dismissal of Directors, (iv) amendments to the Articles of
Association, and (v) the delegation to the Board of Directors of the power
to issue or buy back shares, see Section 2.1.1 ”Composition of the Board of
Directors composition”, 2.1.2 ”Board of Directors -Powers, rules and
engagement with shareholders”, 4.2.1 ”Shareholding structure at the end
of 2024”, 4.1.2 ”Modification of share capital or rights to acquire shares”,
4.2.6 ”Shareholding and voting rights -Amendments to the Articles of
Association”, and 4.2.7 ”Relationship with principal shareholders”.

2. Corporate Governance
2.5 Miscellaneous

2.5 Miscellaneous
2.5.1	Policy for loans and
guarantees granted
The Company’s general policy is not to grant any loan or guarantee to the
members of the Board of Directors. Unless the law provides otherwise,
the members of the Board of Directors shall be reimbursed by the
Company for various costs and expenses, such as the reasonable costs of
defending claims. Under certain circumstances, such as an act or failure
to act by a member of the Board of Directors that can be characterised as
intentional, intentionally reckless, or seriously culpable, there will be no
entitlement to this reimbursement. The Company has also taken out
liability insurance (’’D&O’’ - Directors and Officers) covering the
persons concerned.

2
2.5.2 Conflicts of interest
The Company has a conflict of interest policy, which sets out that any
potential or actual conflict of interest between the Company and any
member of the Board of Directors shall be disclosed and, where possible,
avoided (please refer to the ”Board Rules (Annex D – Article 8: Conflicts of
interest)”). This policy is available on the Company’s website: www.airbus.
com (Company/Corporate Governance/Governance Framework and
Documents), as is the related principle 2.7 of the Dutch Code (as such
term is defined in Section 2.4 ”Dutch corporate governance code” above),
which the Company complied with during 2024. Pursuant to Airbus SE’s
Articles of Association (the ”Articles of Association”) and the Board Rules,
a conflicted member of the Board of Directors should abstain from
participating in the deliberation and decision-making process relating to
the matters concerned.
The Board of Directors must approve any decision to enter a transaction
where a Director has conflicts of interest that are material to the Company
or the individual Director.
In 2024, no such transactions were reported. During the years 2022, 2023
and 2024, no agreement was entered into by the Company with one of its
Directors or principal officers or a shareholder holding more than 5% of the
voting rights of the Company outside the ordinary course of business and
in conditions other than arm’s length conditions. There were, however,
related-party transactions: for more information, please refer to the note
on Related Party Transactions in the Notes to the IFRS Consolidated
Financial Statements for each respective year.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

61

3. Risk Management and Internal Controls

62

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

3. Risk Management and Internal Control

3

Risk Management
and Internal Controls
3.1 Risk Factors

64

3.2 Enterprise Risk Management System

75

3.3 Insurance

77

3.4 Internal Control

78

3.5 Internal Audit

79

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

63

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.1 Risk Factors

3.1 Risk Factors
The Company is subject to the risks and uncertainties described below
that may materially affect its business, results of operations and financial
condition. These are not the only risks the Company faces. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to the Company, or that it currently
considers immaterial, may also impair its business and operations.
Although a certain degree of risk is inherent in the Company’s business
(as described in the risk factors in this section and elsewhere in this Board
Report), the Company endeavours to minimise and/or manage risk in
accordance with its risk appetite. To pursue its strategy, the Company is
prepared to take a certain level of risk in order to secure profitability and
cash flow and maintain its competitiveness, invest in research and
development and manage a diversified business portfolio in a world of
uncertain market and economic conditions. In addition to focusing on the
identification and management of operational risks, the Company seeks to
manage its legal and compliance risks by working to ensure that its
business practices conform to applicable laws, regulations and ethical
business principles, while developing and maintaining a culture of integrity.
Regarding financial risks, the Company aims to undertake a prudent risk
approach, seeking to minimise downside risk in accordance with the
Company’s risk appetite through an appropriate liquidity buffer,
moderate financial leverage, the use of hedging derivatives and other
mitigation measures.

3.1.1	Geopolitical, global economic
and financial market risks
The Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations may be materially affected by global economic
conditions, global financial markets, geopolitical volatility and
other macroeconomic developments which are outside of the
Company’s control

The behaviour of the Company’s customers and by extension, the
demand for and supply of the Company’s products and services is
affected by global economic conditions. The Company has operations
around the world and a global customer base; as such, its business,
financial condition and results of operations may be materially affected by
global economic conditions, the global financial markets, geopolitical
volatility and other macroeconomic developments outside its control,
most particularly those affecting Europe, the Americas and Asia, where it
manufactures and sells the majority of its products.
Market disruptions and significant economic downturns may develop
quickly due to, among other things, crises affecting credit markets and
financial liquidity, regional or global recessions, sharp fluctuations in or
sustained high commodity prices (including gas and oil), energy shortage
or unavailability, volatility in or sustained unfavourable currency exchange
rates or high interest rates, rapid increases in or sustained high levels of
inflation or deflation, sovereign debt or financial industry debt rating
downgrades, sovereign or financial industry restructurings or defaults,
geopolitical tensions and conflicting policies (particularly among the US,
the EU, Russia and China) - particularly as may be reflected through trade
policy, tariffs or sanctions, adverse geopolitical events (such as military or
armed conflicts, acts of terrorism) or other events having disruptive or
negative global or regional economic repercussions (such as pandemics
or natural disasters).

64

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Market disruptions and weak global (or localised) economic conditions
brought on by the above-described or other factors could therefore
result in:
• Protracted weak or reduced demand for air travel and cargo;
• financial distress among airlines and lessors, and potential
bankruptcies within this market;
• financial distress affecting the Company’s suppliers or subcontractors
and increased costs or disruptions within the Company’s supply chain;
• credit being unavailable (or not available at suitable terms) in the
financial markets, or increases in customers’ operating costs leading to
requests by customers to postpone or cancel existing orders for
aircraft (including helicopters), decisions by customers to review their
order intake strategy or an increase in the amount of sales financing
that the Company is requested to provide to its customers to support
aircraft deliveries; and
• variations in public spending or support for defence, homeland
security and space activities, which may lead to the termination or
reduction of future funding or to cancellations or delays impacting
existing contracts.
In each case, the factors and developments described above could result
in weakened demand for the Company’s products or otherwise lead to
material negative effects on the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition. Further, although the potential negative
impacts of global economic conditions have been thoroughly assessed
and are continually monitored, the consequences thereof could have
unforeseen material effects on the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition, particularly to the extent they were to
impact the Company’s commercial aviation activities or otherwise impact
its access to financing.

Increased tariffs or other trade restrictions or regulations could
increase the cost of or otherwise weaken demand for the
Company’s products in certain markets

The Company is exposed to the risk of increased tariff rates and other
trade restrictions or regulations. These factors may increase the cost of
the Company’s products for customers in certain markets, or create
situations where demand for the Company’s products in those markets is
otherwise degraded or weakened. This could lead to lost or cancelled
sales and requests by customers to defer, reject or reschedule delivery of
new aircraft. These factors may also lead to increased costs within the
Company’s supply chain, and non-tariff measures such as enhanced
requirements by customs authorities, increased export restrictions and
export bans may likewise impact the Company’s supply chain. The
foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business, results of operations and financial condition. In the past, the US
has imposed increased tariffs on new aircraft imported from the European
Union to the US, and on imports of aircraft manufacturing parts and
components from France and Germany delivered to the Company’s final
assembly line in Mobile, Alabama. The imposition of similar measures in
the future, particularly by the US or China (and including any retaliatory
trade measures), could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business, results of operations and financial condition.

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.1 Risk Factors

3
The Company is exposed to foreign currency and related risks

Due to the global nature of its business, the Company is exposed to
fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Typically, more than 75% of the
Company’s revenues were denominated in US dollars, with approximately
60% of such exposure being ”naturally hedged” by US dollar-denominated
costs, and the remaining costs being incurred primarily in euros (and to a
lesser extent pounds sterling and other currencies). To the extent the
Company does not cover its net current and future exchange rate
exposure (arising from the time of a customer order to the time of
delivery), its earnings and costs may be significantly affected by changes
in the exchange rate of the US dollar against these currencies.
To mitigate foreign currency exposure, under its hedging strategy the
Company endeavours to hedge a significant portion of those exposures
which are not ”naturally hedged.” There are complexities inherent in
determining whether and when foreign currency exposure will materialise
(in particular given the possibility of unpredictable revenue variations
arising from order cancellations, postponements or delivery delays), and
there are structural limitations that may affect the Company’s ability to
fully execute its hedging strategy (for example, the Company may seek to
hedge amounts in excess of counterparties’ exposure limits). Accordingly,
the Company’s hedging strategy may not protect it from significant
changes in the exchange rate of the US dollar to the euro and the pound
sterling, particularly if the euro appreciates versus the US dollar over the
long-term (as it has in the past). Further, the Company is exposed to the
risk of non-performance or default by these hedging counterparties, and
as regulatory capital requirements evolve, increased hedging fees and
credit charges may further erode the effectiveness of hedging through
derivative instruments. Even with a fully implemented hedging strategy in
place, the Company’s foreign currency exposure may reduce the
Company’s financial flexibility and could result in a material adverse effect
on the Company’s results and financial condition.
Volatility or long-term changes in currency exchange rates, such as a
strengthening of the currencies (primarily the euro or pound sterling) in
which the Company incurs costs, or a relative weakening of those
currencies in which competitors incur their costs, may negatively impact
the Company’s ability to offer its products at competitive prices. This is
particularly the case regarding fluctuations relative to the US dollar, as
many of the Company’s products and those of its competitors (e.g. in the
defence export market) are priced in US dollars. Further, as the
Company’s non-euro denominated consolidated revenues, costs, assets
and liabilities are translated into euro for the purposes of compiling its
financial statements, changes in the value of these currencies relative to
the euro will have an effect on the euro value of the Company’s reported
revenues, costs, EBIT, other financial results, assets, liabilities and equity,
which could result in a materially negative effect on the Company’s
results. For further information on the Company’s foreign currency
exposure, please refer to ”Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial
Statements - Note 37. Financial Instruments”.

Unfavourable economic conditions and financial market
volatility may negatively affect the Company’s liquidity, financial
assets and access to funding
Unfavourable, weak or uncertain economic conditions, rating agency
downgrades of the Company, financial market volatility or disruptions,
or liquidity constraints more broadly impacting the financial markets
and market participants may affect the value of the Company’s
financial assets, its ability to finance its product development
programmes and meet its payment obligations and its ability to raise
funds in the capital markets.

The Company generally finances its manufacturing activities and product
development programmes (particularly the development of new
commercial aircraft), through a combination of cash flows generated by
operating activities, customer advances, European governments’
refundable advances and risk-sharing agreements with subcontractors,
and through funds raised in the capital markets. The conditions, events
and circumstances described above could result in the Company being
unable to obtain outside financing on appropriate terms (or at all), which
could limit the Company’s ability to fund its operations, research and
development activities and capital expenditure needs. Further, the
resulting liquidity constraints could lead to the Company being late in
paying or failing to pay its creditors and shareholders, and potentially
delaying or disrupting the closing of transactions. In order to mitigate
liquidity risk, the Company endeavours to maintain a prudent cash
balance, a diverse and robust funding programme and a solid credit rating.
The conditions, events and circumstances described above may also
negatively affect the Company’s financial assets, potentially resulting in
gains or losses being realised on the sale or exchange of financial
instruments, impairment charges due to revaluation of the fair market
value of debt and equity securities and other investments, unfavourable
changes in interest rates and changes in the fair value of derivative
instruments, each of which could result in a material negative effect on the
Company’s financial results.

Local or regional wars, armed conflicts or disputes (including
responses thereto, such as sanctions) may adversely affect the
Company’s business, operations and supply chain

To the extent local or regional wars or armed conflicts result in reduced
demand for air travel (directly or through consequent economic effects) or
negative impacts on the commercial aircraft market (closing certain
routes, disrupting fuel or other critical supplies, or otherwise impinging on
air traffic), such events could reduce demand for the Company’s products
and services. Further, such events may pose risks to the Company’s
operations, supply chain (relating to the production or movement of
materials or goods) and access to commodities. Operating worldwide, the
Company must comply with sanctions laws and regulations implemented
by transnational, national and regional authorities. Depending on
geopolitical considerations, including national security interests and
foreign policy, there is a risk that at any time new sanctions regimes may
be set up or the scope of existing ones may be widened, which may have
a negative impact on the Company’s activities.
An example of this risk arose with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in early
2022, with the resulting export control restrictions and international
sanctions against Russia, Belarus and certain Russian entities and
individuals causing disruptions to the Company’s business and operations
(including data management) and increasing the Company’s exposure to
supply chain disruption risk. While geopolitical risks, and associated
de-risking activities, are integrated into the Company’s sourcing policies,
events such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine (and the resulting sanctions),
or other destabilising events and conflicts may disrupt the Company’s
supply chain or otherwise affect the Company’s ability to source certain
materials and components, particularly in view of the lead time needed to
develop alternative sources. For more details on the consequences of
supply chain disruption risk, please refer to Section 3.1.2 ”Business and
operations-related risks - The Company depends on its supply chain,
including key suppliers and subcontractors, and is thereby exposed to
cost and performance risk”.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

65

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.1 Risk Factors

3.1.2	Business and operationsrelated risks
Commercial aircraft and helicopter market factors may affect
the Company’s business

Historically, the commercial aircraft market has experienced cyclical
trends (including as expressed by order intake), reflecting changes in
demand for passenger air travel and air freight. These trends in turn largely
correlate to a range of variables, such as economic growth (or
contraction), political stability, private consumption levels and working age
population size. While downturns in the Company’s commercial aircraft
business have in the past been partially mitigated by its defence, space
and government activities, the significant growth of the Company’s
commercial aircraft business relative to its other activities has significantly
diminished this effect. For information on the Company’s revenue by
segment, please refer to ”Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial
Statements - Note 11. Segment Information”.
Particular factors impacting demand for the Company’s products and
playing an important role in determining the market for commercial aircraft
include: (i) the average age and technical obsolescence of the fleet
relative to new aircraft; (ii) the number and characteristics of aircraft taken
out of service and parked pending potential return into service; (iii)
passenger and freight load factors; (iv) airline pricing policies and resultant
passenger yields; (v) airline financial health; (vi) the availability of third
party financing for aircraft purchases; (vii) fuel price evolution; (viii)
geopolitical events (such as terrorism or pandemics); (ix) public or
regulators’ perception of safety in the industry (generally or relating to
specific events, aircraft types or operators); (x) the regulatory environment
more broadly; (xi) environmental constraints imposed upon aircraft
operations, such as the CORSIA, carbon standards and other
environmental taxes; and (xii) market evolutionary factors such as the
volume of business-related travel, the growth of low-cost passenger
airline business models, the impact of e-commerce on air cargo volumes
and the consolidation of airlines. In the future, other factors (such as the
availability of SAF) may impact the market.
Historically, the commercial helicopter market has also experienced
cyclical trends as described above, and may also be influenced by these
factors. The factors described above may have an impact on the
commercial aircraft industry and commercial helicopter industry, leading
customers to postpone or cancel orders or delay payments, which could
result in a material impact on the Company’s business, financial condition
and results of operations.

The Company is exposed to counterparty credit risk through
its financial instruments and other arrangements with financial
counterparties

The Company is exposed to counterparty credit risk under its financial
instruments, including its hedging instruments (US$ 59.9 billion nominal
value at 31 December 2024) and cash investments (€  26.9 billion nominal
value at 31 December 2024). For further information on the Company’s
exposure to financial counterparties, please refer to ”Notes to the IFRS
Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 37. Financial Instruments”. In
view of this exposure, the Company maintains policies to avoid
concentrations of credit risk and to ensure that credit risk exposure is
limited. Counterparties for transactions in cash, cash equivalents and
securities as well as for derivative transactions are limited to highly-rated
financial institutions, corporates or sovereigns. The Company’s credit limit

66

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

system assigns maximum exposure lines to such counterparties, based on
a minimum credit rating threshold as published by Standard & Poor’s and
Moody’s (and if neither is available, Fitch Ratings are used). Besides the
credit rating, the Company’s credit limit system also takes into account
fundamental counterparty data, as well as sector and maturity allocations
and further qualitative and quantitative criteria such as credit risk
indicators. The counterparty credit exposure of the Company is reviewed
on a regular basis and the respective limits are regularly monitored and
updated.
In addition to monitoring the Company’s overall credit exposure, the
Company regularly analyses counterparty credit exposure in terms of its
potential contribution to unexpected losses. The Company also seeks to
maintain a certain level of diversification in its portfolio between individual
counterparties as well as between financial institutions, corporates and
sovereigns, in order to avoid an increased concentration of credit risk on
only a few counterparties. Despite these measures, there can be no
assurance that the Company’s credit risk management strategies will be
adequate or that the Company will retain the benefit of its derivatives or
cash investments, particularly in the event of a systemic market disruption.
In such circumstances, the value and liquidity of these financial
instruments could decline and result in a significant impairment, which
may in turn have a negative effect on the Company’s financial condition
and results of operations.

The Company may be exposed to customer credit and asset
value risk through its customer sales financing arrangements

In support of aircraft sales and deliveries, the Company may from time to
time participate in sales financing solutions for its customers. During
periods of financial market disruption, the Company’s participation in
these activities may significantly increase, due to a lack of financing
alternatives being available to customers. To the extent the customer does
not perform its obligations under the relevant financing arrangements,
such arrangements may expose the Company to counterparty credit risk.
Because the Company will generally retain a security interest in the
aircraft, these arrangements may also expose the Company to residual
value risk with respect to the aircraft collateral. Under adverse market
conditions, the market for used aircraft could become illiquid and the
market value of used aircraft could drop significantly below anticipated
levels; hence if a customer defaults at a time when aircraft market values
are depressed, the Company would be exposed to the difference
between the outstanding loan amount and the market value of the aircraft
(net of ancillary costs, such as maintenance and remarketing costs, etc.).
Further, through its asset management department or as a result of past
financing transactions, from time to time the Company may take
ownership of used aircraft, and as such can be exposed to fluctuations in
their market value. Defaults by financing or asset management customers,
or significant decreases in the value of financed or Company-owned
aircraft in the resale market, could result in a material adverse effect on
the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. For
information on the Company’s customer sales financing activities, please
refer to ”Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 27.
Sales Financing Transactions”.

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.1 Risk Factors

3
The Company has significant pension commitments, which
could weigh on its financial condition

The Company participates in several pension plans for both executive and
non-executive employees, most notably in Germany and the UK, some of
which are underfunded. As at 31 December 2024, the provision for
retirement plans and similar obligations amounted to € 1.8 billion
(compared to € 2.7 billion as at 31 December 2023). For further information
related to these plans, please refer to the ”Notes to the IFRS Consolidated
Financial Statements - Note 31. Post-Employment Benefits”. The
Company has recorded a provision in its balance sheet for its share of the
underfunding measured in accordance with IFRS based on current
estimates. These estimates are reviewed annually and, as the case may
be, revised leading the Company to record lower or higher provisions.
Necessary adjustments of such provisions include but are not limited to
(i) the discount factor (dependent in part on interest rates) and the
inflation rate applied to calculate the net present value of the pension
liabilities, (ii) the performance of the asset classes which are represented
in the pension assets, (iii) behavioural assumptions regarding
beneficiaries, and (iv) additional cash injections contributed by the
Company from time to time to the pension assets. The Company has
taken measures to reduce potential losses on the pension assets and has
a long-term objective to better match the characteristics of the pension
assets with those of the pension liabilities. Nevertheless, any required
additional provisions would have a negative effect on the Company’s total
equity (net of deferred tax), which could in turn have a negative effect on
the Company’s financial condition.

Business disruptions, including by cyber, physical or hybrid
threats, could adversely affect the Company

The Company’s business and operations are at risk of disruption by cyber,
physical or hybrid threats, which may be targeted at the Company
specifically or which may unfold on a wider scale. As the Company
becomes more digitised and interconnected (including through increased
use of cloud services, mobile devices and the ”internet of things”), its
extensive information and communications systems, industrial
environment (including control systems and manufacturing processes),
products and services are increasingly exposed to cyber security risks.
The Company is exposed to these risks directly or indirectly (e.g. through
its supply chain), and threats may be brought about by intentional, hostile
actions or they may arise due to accidents, carelessness or neglect.
Threats from hostile actors are continually and rapidly evolving, becoming
more sophisticated and requiring ever more vigilance on behalf of the
Company. This type of threat may take the form of intrusion in the
Company’s systems (leading to data leakage and/or unavailability of the
Company’s technology infrastructure), attacks impacting the resilience of
industrial systems, or attacks compromising the development, use or
operation of products and services. The objectives of these attackers may
include espionage or financial objectives (e.g. extracting ransom), and
they may otherwise seek to influence the actions of the Company or to
create obstacles to its operations.
While the Company maintains vigilance to prevent such risks from
materialising, including through significant (and targeted) investment of
resources, it is possible that adverse cybersecurity events may occur. If
such risks were to materialise it could compromise the Company’s ability
to operate and perform its obligations, could result in the loss of
intellectual property or other business data and information, and could
lead to malfunctions in its products and services, in each case potentially
resulting in material adverse effects on the Company’s business, results of

operations and financial condition. In addition to these direct operational
risks, the Company could experience reputational damage and, as the
Company handles sensitive national security information and is subject to
data privacy laws in many jurisdictions, to the extent national security
information or personal data were compromised (whether accidentally, or
through a deliberate internal or external act) the Company could face
administrative, civil or criminal liabilities (including significant fines and
penalties) in addition to the reputational, commercial, financial or other
consequences that may result.
Physical incidents, which may disrupt modes of transportation, supply
chains, public infrastructure and public services, or which may damage
the Company’s property or threaten the physical security of the
Company’s employees, may arise through terrorism or other deliberate
malicious acts, local or regional conflicts or civil unrest, natural
disasters, pandemics or incidents of another nature. In addition to
potentially impacting demand for the Company’s products, such events
may compromise the Company’s internal operations, its supply chain or
its ability to deliver products and services. In addition to purely cyber
and physical incidents, ”hybrid” incidents (i.e. combining cyber and
physical) may occur (for example, coordinated disruptions of air traffic
utilising drones).
The Company maintains dedicated risk identification and mitigation
measures meant to safeguard its operations, critical assets and its own
”single points of failure” that would be most likely to lead to significant
disruption. The materialisation of catastrophic or disruptive events of a
nature described herein could materially adversely affect the Company’s
business, results of operations and financial condition.

The Company depends on its supply chain, including key
suppliers and subcontractors, and is thereby exposed to cost
and performance risk

Due to its global footprint and the nature of its business, the Company’s
operations are dependent on the performance of numerous suppliers and
subcontractors in a multitude of countries that provide the raw materials,
parts, assemblies, systems, equipment and services required for the
Company to manufacture and/or deliver its products and services. In the
event of late or unsatisfactory performance by these suppliers and
subcontractors or their failure to perform their obligations, or any other
disruption impacting the supply chain (whether in the short-term or on a
sustained basis), the Company’s operations and performance (including
its ability to meet its committed production schedule) could be impaired,
which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business,
results of operations and financial condition.
The ability of these suppliers and subcontractors to meet their contractual
obligations may be negatively impacted by a variety of commercial
factors, including (but not limited to) the availability and cost of financing,
the availability and cost of energy and raw materials, the ability to attract,
train and retain a suitably skilled workforce, the ability to acquire certain
non-commodity materials and components in the required quantity and
timeframe and at an acceptable cost, disruptions to transport and logistics
networks, and cyber security or other threats. Further, macroeconomic or
local economic factors (including economic recessions and inflation or
changes in raw material prices), geopolitical conflicts causing economic or
logistical disruptions, changes or tightening of export controls and other
trade regulations, tariffs, sanctions and embargoes, and other legal or
regulatory matters (including sustainability and environmental regulations)
may negatively impact suppliers’ and subcontractors’ financial stability

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

67

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.1 Risk Factors

and ability to meet their contractual obligations. Despite the COVID-19
pandemic having receded, its lingering effects continue to exacerbate
many of these challenges.
Despite the Company’s efforts to continually improve its supply chain
resilience, including by having robust governance in place aiming to
prevent, anticipate and monitor supply chain disruption risks and to
manage such matters efficiently (including by having a qualification and
performance surveillance system in place), the Company cannot fully
protect itself from unsatisfactory or non-performance by its suppliers or
subcontractors, which could negatively affect the Company’s ability to
meet commitments to its customers or could increase the Company’s
operating costs, and which could lead to a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition to the performance risks described above, the Company is
exposed to the risk of increased costs in its supply chain, which may
materialise due to increased commodity or raw materials costs, or due to
inflation more generally impacting the cost of production. Due to the long
duration of sales and supplier contracts in the aerospace and commercial
aircraft industry, many such contracts include revision clauses linked to
inflation (or other external indices), which may result in the Company’s
supply chain costs increasing further and more quickly than the Company
is able to adjust the prices charged for its goods and services. Further,
changes to the Company’s production or development schedules may
impact suppliers and customers such that they may initiate contractual
claims for financial compensation or they may elect to not fulfil their
on-time and on-quality delivery commitments. Increased costs arising in
the supply chain could impact the ability of the Company to operate its
programmes and lines of business on a profitable basis, and could
materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations
and financial condition.
For additional information on risks that may impact the Company’s
suppliers and contractors and their ability to deliver, please also refer to
Section 3.1.1 ”Geopolitical, global economic and financial market risks
-Local or regional wars, armed conflicts or disputes (including responses
thereto, such as sanctions) may adversely affect the Company’s business,
operations and supply chain” and ”-Increased tariffs or other trade
restrictions or regulations could increase the cost of or otherwise weaken
demand for the Company’s products in certain markets.”

The Company faces challenges in adapting and evolving its
industrial system as it works towards its targeted commercial
aircraft production rates

The Company’s efforts to adapt and evolve its industrial system as it
works to reach its targeted commercial aircraft production rates are taking
place in a complex and challenging environment. The success of this
industrial adaptation and the production ramp-up depend not only on the
Company effectively executing its plans, but also on external factors
beyond the Company’s control, with challenges arising across the value
chain (including within the supply chain) and other extrinsic factors having
the potential to compromise the Company’s efforts.
To the extent developments arise that affect the value chain (including the
supply chain), whether relating to raw materials, suppliers’ work packages
(such as engines, wings, airframe components, cabin equipment or other
parts or elements), the availability of necessary elements of production
could be disrupted, thereby threatening the success of the ramp-up
effort. To mitigate potential downside outcomes in this context, the

68

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Company monitors the ramp-up capabilities of the value chain
(including the supply chain) for all commercial aircraft programmes on a
continual basis. Likewise, the Company attempts, where possible, to
increase its resilience against production disruptions and delays by
increasing inventory buffers for certain key inputs and/or securing
alternative sources.
Factors within the Company, such as human resources (right-sizing
headcount and acquiring or developing the specific skills and
competencies required to support the Company’s ramp-up, and training
and reskilling the existing workforce), resource allocation and adaptation
to the complex and evolving operating environment likewise present
challenges that could threaten the success of the ramp-up effort.
Finally, other extrinsic factors affecting the Company or its value chain
(arising due to economic, political or other developments) could disrupt
the ramp-up effort. Against this backdrop, the Company continues to
focus on quality and safety, while protecting priority projects and
delivering incremental programme objectives and continuing to meet its
various regulatory obligations (such as securing Production
Organisations Approvals). The intersection of these various and
complicated factors yield a complex and challenging environment within
which the Company is attempting to execute the ramp-up. Failure to
achieve the ramp-up and reach the targeted production rates could
have a materially negative effect on the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition.

The Company’s technologically advanced products and
services are complex to design and manufacture, and they may
require updates or modifications throughout their lifecycle

The Company’s products and services are technologically advanced,
often with lengthy life-cycles, meaning their design and manufacture (and
the design and manufacture of their constituent components) is often
complex. Likewise, the components and materials (such as specialty
chemicals) that are utilised in the Company’s products and services can
require specific handling, and may require substantial efforts to integrate
and coordinate through the supply chain, and the availability of these
materials (such as specialty chemicals) may be impacted by regulatory
change. Due to these complexities, which are inherent in the Company’s
products and services, delays in design or manufacturing may arise. There
can also be no assurance that the Company’s efforts to develop a product
or service will be successful, or that the manufacturing process and
maintenance requirements of a product will be in line with plans and
forecasts. During their life cycle, the Company’s products may require
updates, modifications, retrofits or other costly actions going beyond
those originally designed and planned.
If, due to the foregoing factors (or for any reason), a product or service is
not delivered on time or fails to adequately perform, or if remedial actions
are required or if contractual requirements are otherwise not met, the
Company may be subject to payment obligations or other remedial
measures. To the extent any of these risks materialise (in regard to new or
established programmes) they could cause the Company to incur
significant costs or suffer lost revenues, and to the extent there were
potential safety implications, regulatory authorisation of the affected
product or service could be suspended. Risks of this nature could,
individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations, as
well as on the reputation of the Company and demand for its products
and services.

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.1 Risk Factors

3
In order to maintain its market position the Company maintains
extensive research and development programmes, which may
not lead to successful or profitable outcomes

The Company’s success depends on (among other things) its ability to
continue innovating, in order to develop and offer attractive and relevant
products and services on a profitable basis. To this end, the Company
maintains extensive and complex research and development
programmes, which can be costly and require significant up-front
investments, and which do not necessarily lead to successful or profitable
innovations. For further information on the Company’s investment in
research and development, please refer to the ”Notes to the IFRS
Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 13. Research and
Development Expenses”.
Due to the technologically advanced and complex nature of the
Company’s products and services (often having lengthy life-cycles) and
the long period (including ramp up time) it takes to produce them, the
business plans underlying such investments often entail a long payback
period to recoup these investments, and assume a certain level of return
over the period in order to justify the initial investment. There can be no
assurance that the commercial, technical and market assumptions
underlying such business plans will be met, and consequently that the
duration of payback period or level of returns contemplated therein will
be achieved.
Failure to develop and offer innovative, attractive and relevant products on
a timely basis could impair the Company’s competitiveness and have a
significant impact on demand for its products and related services. In
addition, no assurances can be given that the Company will achieve the
anticipated level of returns from any of its research and development
programmes and other development projects, which may negatively
affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.

The Company’s success depends on its ability to attract, train
and retain qualified talent and to maintain constructive relations
with its workforce

The Company’s ability to attract, train and retain qualified talent with the
professional and technical skills and experience required to meet its
specific needs is crucial to the Company’s ability to maintain its
operations, achieve the ramp-up to its targeted production rates and
pursue the development of new programmes, products and services.
Demand for suitable employees may, depending on the labour market,
exceed supply, resulting in intense competition for qualified talent. There
can be no assurance that the Company will attract and retain adequate
personnel in order to conduct its operations successfully, and in particular
to attract and retain engineers and other professionals with the technical
skills and experience required for its research and development
programmes. These effects can be heightened if the attrition rate
increases beyond expectation, either globally or on a local or regional
basis. Failure to attract, train and retain sufficient qualified talent could
have a significant effect on the Company’s ability to innovate and meet
customer demands, which could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Many of the Company’s employees are represented by labour unions and
collective bargaining arrangements. While the Company endeavours to
maintain a positive and constructive engagement with its stakeholders,
the potential remains for organised actions (including strikes, work
slowdowns or other informal measures) to disrupt the Company’s

operations and production. Whether over a short timeframe or prolonged,
such disruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business, financial condition and results of operations.

The Company may be affected by changes in levels of public
spending and public sector investment, particularly in relation to
its defence and security related businesses

Certain of the Company’s businesses, particularly its defence and security
related businesses, serve a customer base that is largely comprised of
governments and other public sector customers. Public spending
(including defence and security spending) depends on a complex mix of
political and geopolitical considerations and budgetary priorities (including
constraints arising due to economic conditions), therefore it may
significantly fluctuate from year to year and country to country. In
instances where several countries jointly enter into defence or
procurement contracts, economic, political or budgetary constraints in
any one of the countries concerned may have a negative effect with
respect to the execution of, or the performance and payment under such
contracts. Changes in levels of public spending, and/or cancellations or
delays impacting existing public contracts may have a negative effect on
the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.
Historically, the Company and its principal competitors have each received
various types of government financing with respect to product research
and development. While the Company generally finances its
manufacturing activities and product development programmes
(particularly the development of new commercial aircraft), through a
combination of cash flows generated by operating activities, customer
advances, and risk-sharing agreements, in certain circumstances it may
also receive refundable advances from European governments, and its
military-linked activities in particular may benefit from governmentfinanced research and development contracts. Likewise, a significant
proportion of the Company’s longer-term research efforts, which are
aimed at furthering the Company’s sustainability ambitions for its future
generations of aerospace products, face significant technological and
industrial challenges that require cross-industry and cross-government
collaboration and innovation in order to be addressed. These longer-term
research efforts are particularly tied to national (or supranational) research
funding programmes, which enable the Company and the wider aviation
ecosystem to mature and develop the required key competencies and
technologies to address these complex issues. The loss or absence of
these sources of funding and avenues of collaboration could negatively
affect the Company’s ability to successfully execute its various research
and development programmes, could negatively affect its
competitiveness and future prospects, and could lead to a negative effect
on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

While there are high barriers to entry, the markets in which the
Company operates are highly competitive, and may favour local
or regional competitors

The design, development and production of commercial aircraft involves
high barriers to entry, including certification requirements, large
investment needs, skilled competencies, access to technology and long
development cycles. With the single-aisle aircraft of an emerging Chinese
competitor having entered into service in the Chinese market (and with its
certification in other jurisdictions expected to follow), market competition
has increased in recent years. Although the Company has significant order
backlogs for its commercial aircraft, continued and increasing market
competition (through the further entry of new competitors or the launch

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

69

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.1 Risk Factors

by competitors of new products or services) could have a negative
impact on the Company’s revenues, future financial condition and results
of operations.

required or where exit rights may be limited. In certain instances, the
co-venturers in these entities may be competitors of the Company, and as
such their interests may differ from those of the Company.

The other markets (beyond commercial aircraft) in which the Company
operates are highly competitive, and new players are operating (or
seeking to operate) in these markets, which may impact their competitive
structure and profitability. In addition, enterprises with different business
models and alternative technologies could seek to substitute the
Company’s services and some of its products or component parts thereof.
With respect to certain markets or products, competitors may have more
extensive or more specialised engineering, manufacturing, support and
marketing capabilities, and these competitors may develop the capability
to manufacture products or provide services similar to those of the
Company, in direct competition with the Company, which could have a
negative impact on the Company’s revenues, future financial condition
and results of operations. There can be no assurance that the Company
will maintain its position in the market or compete successfully in the
future, or that competition with respect to its products or services will not
result in reduced revenues, market share or profit.

There can be no assurance that any of the businesses that the Company
may acquire (or divest) will be integrated (or carved out) successfully and
in the intended time frame or that they will perform as planned or deliver
the expected synergies or cost savings. To the extent any of its planned
acquisitions or divestments cannot be executed as planned, or any of its
consortia, joint ventures, partnerships or other co-investments and equity
holdings fail to perform as intended, this could lead to a material effect on
the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

In addition, the contracts for many aerospace and defence products may
be awarded, implicitly or explicitly, on the basis of home country
preference or geopolitical considerations. Although the Company is a
multinational company (which helps to broaden its ”home” market), for
certain products or services it may remain at a competitive disadvantage
in certain countries (particularly outside of Europe) relative to local
competitors. The strategic importance and political sensitivity of the
aerospace and defence industries means political considerations may play
a role in the choice of many products and services for the foreseeable
future. In addition to impacting the outcome of specific sales campaigns,
political considerations may be reflected in tax and trade policies
(including tariffs and other regulations), which could limit the Company’s
competitiveness in certain markets. Further, the contracts for many
aerospace and defence products and services are from time to time
associated with offset or localised obligations. The Company may face
difficulties to meet such obligations (especially with respect to engaging
local country assets) while and at the same time optimising its industrial
base and supply chain, which could impact the Company’s
competitiveness versus local or regional competitors.

The Company participates in a variety of co-ventures and is
regularly engaged in acquisitions and divestments, which may
not yield their intended benefits

The Company conducts elements of its businesses and generates a
portion of its results through consortia, joint ventures, partnerships or
other co-investments and equity holdings. As part of its business strategy,
the Company may acquire or divest businesses and/or form joint ventures
or strategic alliances. Executing acquisitions and divestments can be
difficult and costly due to the complexities inherent in integrating or
carving out businesses, technologies or products (and the related
operations and human resources), and may be further complicated by
regulatory or administrative requirements or by the involvement
of stakeholders.
Each such arrangement or transaction is highly specific in its nature,
purpose, risks and opportunities. While the Company seeks to participate
only in ventures in which its interests are aligned with those of its
co-venturers, there is a risk of disagreement or deadlock in these entities,
particularly where unanimous consent for major decisions may be

70

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

3.1.3 Legal, regulatory and
governance risks
The Company faces various legal and regulatory risks, as described in this
section and elsewhere in this Board Report. In addition, the Company
operates in a complex geopolitical and economic environment in which it
needs to respond to the interests of its various stakeholders while
maintaining focus on its operational priorities. In certain contexts, the
interests of individual stakeholders or groups of stakeholders may diverge
from those of the Company. Reconciling such situations may demand the
time and focus of the Company’s management, potentially diverting
management’s attention from operational priorities and impacting the
performance of the Company, which could have a negative effect on the
Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

The Company is regularly involved in legal and regulatory
disputes and proceedings which could lead to negative impacts
on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial
condition and reputation

The Company is regularly involved in civil and commercial disputes and
litigation, and governmental or regulatory investigations, proceedings or
inquiries, and expects to continue to spend time and incur expenses in
connection therewith. Regardless of their ultimate outcome, these matters
may divert the focus of management from normal business operations.
The Company is not always able to predict the outcome of these matters;
as such, no assurance can be given that the outcome of such matters will
not be unfavourable to the Company. An adverse resolution to any current
or future litigation, dispute or proceeding may result in the imposition of
damages, fines or other remedies, which could have a material effect on
the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. An
unfavourable outcome to any of these proceedings could also negatively
impact the Company’s share price and reputation.
In addition, the Company is from time to time subject to government
inquiries and investigations of its business and competitive environment
due to, among other things, the heavily regulated nature of its industry.
Such inquiries and investigations may cover matters relating to, among
other topics, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations, export
control laws and regulations, sanctions, data privacy laws, securities law,
international trade law (including tariffs and import duties), and
competition law. An adverse decision in any such matter could have a
material effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and
financial condition. In addition to the risk of an unfavourable ruling against
the Company, any such inquiry or investigation could negatively affect the
Company’s reputation and its ability to attract and retain customers and
investors, which could have a negative effect on its business, results of

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.1 Risk Factors

3
operations and financial condition. For further information on currently
active legal and regulatory disputes and proceedings, please refer to
”Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 38. Litigation
and Claims”.

The Company must comply with applicable anti-corruption and
anti-bribery laws and regulations in jurisdictions around the
world where it operates

The Company must comply with applicable anti-corruption and antibribery laws and regulations in jurisdictions around the world where it
operates, with the laws of the US, the UK, France and other nations that
have extraterritorial reach covering the entirety of the Company’s value
chain. Non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations or ethical
misconduct by the Company, its employees or any third party acting on its
behalf could expose the Company to liability or have an adverse impact on
its reputation, relationships with governments and financial counterparties
and business. Non-compliance in this area may also subject the Company
to administrative, civil or criminal sanctions, including significant fines and
penalties, suspension or debarment from government or non-government
contracts for a period of time or the obligatory suspension of operations in
one or more markets in which violations have occurred. The Company
could also be required to modify its business practices and compliance
programme and/or have a compliance monitor imposed on it. Any one or
more of the foregoing could have a significant adverse effect on the
Company’s reputation and its business, results of operations and
financial condition.

The Company is required to comply with applicable sanctions,
export control laws and regulations

The ability to successfully obtain export licences is critical for the
Company, as it relies on export authorisations to deliver products and
services to its customers worldwide, and to receive parts, raw materials
and services from its suppliers. Products the Company designs and
manufactures for military use are generally restricted or subject to
licensing and export control requirements, notably by the UK, France,
Germany and Spain (where the Company carries out its principal activities
relating to military products and services) and by other countries where
suppliers are based, including but not limited to the US. Commercial
products also may be subject to dual-use licensing requirements and
restrictions, particularly as regards certain markets, such as China. There
can be no assurance that (i) the export controls to which the Company is
subject will not become more restrictive, (ii) new generations of the
Company’s products will not also be subject to similar or more stringent
controls or (iii) geopolitical factors or changing international circumstances
will not make it impossible to obtain export licences for one or more clients
or constrain the Company’s ability to perform under previously signed
contracts. The Company seeks to comply with all relevant laws and
regulations. However, even unintentional violations or failure to comply
could result in suspension of the Company’s export privileges, or preclude
the Company from bidding on certain government contracts (even in the
absence of a formal suspension or debarment). Furthermore, the
Company’s ability to market new products and enter new markets may be
dependent on obtaining government certifications and approvals in a
timely manner, highlighting the importance of robust compliance and a
strong, trust-based relationship with its regulatory authorities. If sanctions,
export control laws and regulations meaningfully limit the Company’s
access to export markets or the Company’s ability to receive inputs
(including systems, components and technologies, including in relation
with dual-use items as well as raw materials) from its suppliers, this could
result in reductions, cancellations, and/or delays of existing contracts or

programmes or compromise future programme opportunities, and could
have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition.

The Company’s global activities expose it to the risk of increased
taxation and the introduction of new taxes in jurisdictions in
which it has taxable presence
The Company operates across many jurisdictions. Legislative and
regulatory developments or other changes in applicable tax law or policy
in these jurisdictions could have a negative effect on the Company’s
financial results. Relevant tax authorities may review the tax returns filed
by the Company and its related entities, and may challenge or disagree
with positions taken, which could lead to uncertain or unfavourable results
regarding the tax treatment of the Company and could result in increased
tax liabilities for the Company. Further, global tax developments, such as
the OECD’s anti-BEPS (base erosion and profit shifting) and Pillar 1 (profit
allocation and nexus) and Pillar 2 (global minimum taxation) agendas could
result in changes impacting the Company’s financial results. In particular,
the Pillar 2 Global Minimum Tax rules, which have been implemented in
the Company’s home jurisdiction of the Netherlands with effect for the
2024 tax year, impose a minimum consolidated tax rate of 15%, with a
”top-up” tax applicable if the Company’s tax rate falls below this
threshold. While the Company actively monitors, manages and complies
with global and local tax developments and its tax obligations,
unfavourable changes in tax law or policy could have a negative effect on
the Company’s financial results.

The Company is subject to the risk of product liability and
warranty claims in the event that any of its products fails to
perform as designed

The Company designs, develops and produces a number of high-profile
products of large individual value, particularly civil and military aircraft and
space equipment. In the event any of its products fails to perform
adequately or as designed, the Company is subject to the risk of product
liability and warranty claims. Due to the nature of product liability and
warranty claims, the Company cannot predict the potential impact or
magnitude of such claims, as this will depend on the basis of such claims
and the relevant facts and circumstances. While the Company believes
that its insurance programmes are adequate, no assurance can be given
that such claims will not arise in the future or that the Company’s
insurance coverage will in fact be adequate in every instance or
circumstance. Some types of damages, such as punitive, exemplary or
moral damages, may not be insurable, or may not be insurable on
commercially reasonable terms. Likewise, in the event a claim is made
against an owner or operator of the Company’s products who is not
sufficiently insured, it becomes more likely that the Company may be
made party to the relevant proceedings and that claims may be asserted
against the Company. Further, such incidents could negatively impact the
Company’s reputation and brand, reducing demand for its products. To
the extent these risks materialise, this could have a significantly negative
effect on the Company’s reputation, and could result in materially
adverse effects on the Company’s business, financial position and results
of operations.

The intellectual property rights of the Company may be
challenged, invalidated or circumvented, which could adversely
affect its competitive position
In order to develop and deliver new products to meet customers’ evolving
needs, while also improving its existing product lines, the Company relies
on its ability to develop, utilise and protect its intellectual property. The

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

71

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.1 Risk Factors

Company’s innovations often provide distinct competitive advantages,
with many becoming standard in the aircraft industry. In addition, the
Company designs, develops and produces high-profile products of large
individual value, particularly civil and military aircraft and space
equipment. Therefore, intellectual property (”IP”) is one of the Company’s
most valuable assets, and the protection of IP is critical to its business.
The Company relies upon patents, copyright, trademark, confidentiality
and trade secret laws, and agreements with its employees, customers,
suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain its IP rights in its
products, services and operations. Notwithstanding the Company’s
efforts to protect its IP rights, there is a risk that any of its direct or indirect
IP rights could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Further, the
laws of certain countries do not protect the Company’s proprietary rights
to the same extent as the laws in Europe and North America. Therefore, in
certain jurisdictions, the Company may be unable to protect its proprietary
technology and critical IP adequately against unauthorised third-party
copying or use, which could negatively impact the Company’s
implementation of its business strategy, and could negatively affect the
Company’s future prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
The Company has in the past been accused of infringement, and may
have such claims asserted against it in the future. These claims could
harm its reputation, result in financial penalties, or prevent it from offering
certain products or services which may be subject to such third-party IP
rights. Any claims or litigation in this area, regardless of their ultimate
outcome, could be time-consuming and costly, could harm the
Company’s reputation or could require it to enter into licensing
arrangements (the terms of which may not be favourable to the
Company). If a claim of infringement were successful against the
Company, in addition to monetary damages, the Company could be
subject to an injunction or other specific remedies, which would likely lead
to further disruptions of business and operations and result in further
financial losses.

3.1.4	Environment, human rights, and
health & safety risks
Climate-related risks

The Company’s future business depends on its ability to develop and
deliver products and technologies that are responsive to and can operate
within the emerging parameters defined by climate change and the
response thereto. Climate change and climate-related risks may have a
major impact on both the Company’s industrial operations and its
upstream and downstream value chain, including directly on aircraft
operations and on the wider air transport ecosystem, and may have a
significant influence on the regulatory environment in which the Company
operates and the expectations of stakeholders. Accordingly, climaterelated risks could materially affect the Company’s business and
competitiveness, its customers and the aviation industry more broadly
(which would in turn impact the Company).
The results of the Company’s climate scenario analysis has led to the
identification of the following climate-related risks:
• Transition - Technology: Emergence of disruptive technologies
from competition
Delivering on existing commitments and potential future requirements
to mitigate climate impacts will require significant investments in new
technologies for the commercial aircraft sector, making the delivery of

72

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

low-emission technologies a significant marker of future
competitiveness. A competitor or new market participant could have
access to technological developments unavailable to the Company
that offer significantly lower emissions at a faster pace than the
Company and its partners, resulting in a loss of market share and
competitiveness with resulting reduced revenue. The imperative for
the Company to develop new technologies faster than other actors in
the market will require substantial R&T and R&D investments.
• Transition - Market: Low availability of renewable and low-carbon energy
The Company has identified risks linked to the availability and
affordability of renewable and low-carbon energy. First, there is the
risk of low volumes in absolute terms, due to insufficient investments in
renewable or low-carbon energy (including through the sustainable
transformation of available biomass). Second, there is the risk that even
if total volumes are approaching sufficiency in absolute terms, the
aviation sector is unable to access sufficient volumes, leading to a risk
of a slower than expected substitution of fossil fuel energy and low
uptake of the new solutions and products to be developed by the
Company, and resulting in lower or longer returns on invested R&D.
• Transition - Market: Impact of market measures and their development
on demand for the Company’s products
Accommodating new types of aircraft that respond to the aviation
sector’s decarbonisation objectives requires an ecosystem that is
ready. For instance, the development of future products based on
hydrogen or other alternative propulsive technology concepts will
require significant investments in both products and supporting
infrastructure, which could directly impact the operating costs of such
a product. Consequently, the absence of measures to stimulate robust
hydrogen, synthetic fuels and biofuels supply infrastructure and
adapted procedures to ensure efficiency and safety of operations,
could mean that the ecosystem will be unable to accommodate the
Company’s future products, notably resulting in significant
development costs incurred and a risk of compromising the
investments made if customers are unable or unwilling to purchase
products that cannot be widely operated within the available
infrastructure and procedures. Moreover, the competitiveness of this
next generation product will also strongly depend, among other
factors, on the evolution of the price of CO2 emissions. A high price on
CO2 may impact the demand for aircraft relative to competitors’
portfolios and could result in the loss of market share for the Company
relative to its competitors. The Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition may be materially affected if the
Company does not, at each step of development of its future products,
account for market expectations while ensuring its products stay
affordable for customers and competitive with respect to
competitors’ portfolios.
• Transition - Policy and legal: Climate-related regulations and
restrictions - divergence in regulatory framework
Aviation and aerospace are complex industries, with long product
development cycles and where change takes a long time to be
implemented. A rapid evolution of climate related policies (such as the
EU zero-pollution communications) and regulatory frameworks (CO2
standards, sustainable finance, emissions trading systems, aircraft
operation restrictions, among others) could generate fast-changing

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.1 Risk Factors

3
requirements and could obstruct new product development pathways.
In particular for aviation, as it is a global industry, policies and regulations
implemented at national or regional rather than international level, or
these evolving at a different speed depending on the region, could
result in a negative impact on the competitive conditions for
manufacturers and aircraft operators. This could result in a loss of
competitiveness for the Company and reduced demand for its products.
• Transition - Reputation: Change in behaviours, perceptions and
societal expectations
Reputational risks could be divided into several categories. Firstly,
there is a risk that negative perceptions about the Company’s
environmental performance could be used as key decision-making
criteria for consumers, investors, or even new talents. Secondly, there
is a risk that the Company’s reputation could be damaged by growing
societal concerns about the climate change impact of aviation or by
the lack of transparency on progress made to address climate-related
issues. As an example, the Company was the first manufacturer to
disclose its ambition to bring a hydrogen-powered commercial aircraft
to the market. If the ambition is perceived as unattainable or if the
Company is not able to deliver on its ambition, this could result in
reputational damage leading to less investment, loss of revenues and
reduced attractiveness. A similar situation could occur if the
Company’s environmental performance is not on par with its
expressed ambition.
• Physical - Acute: Extreme weather events may impact the Company’s
products and its operations
The foreseen consequences of climate change include more frequent
extreme weather events, such as drought, dust storms, extreme
temperatures, extreme winds, flood, hail storms, landslides, hurricanes,

tornadoes, cyclones and wildfires. These could negatively impact the
Company’s products and its operations (including but not limited to
route delays and safe aircraft operations), land assets and
infrastructure as well as employees’ safety (and people’s safety
generally). The above consequences and impacts may result in
production or other operational disruptions leading to lost revenues,
reduced profits, and losses. This could result in the need for additional
modifications to the Company’s products in order to meet more
stringent safety needs, as well as requiring changes to industrial
operations and procurement strategy, leading to increased operational
and production costs and the consequential costs of adapting the
Company’s insurance coverage.
• Physical - Chronic: Consequences of long-term changing weather
patterns that may cause increase of infrastructure and operations
costs, reduced labour productivity, loss of assets value and negatively
impact employee’s health
The foreseen consequences of climate change include long-term
shifts in climate patterns (e.g., change in precipitation patterns,
sustained higher temperatures, flooding, water stress or chronic heat
waves). Such changes may cause an accelerated degradation of the
Company’s industrial infrastructure and assets (buildings, tools,
hardware), may reduce the availability of operational resources and
may interrupt logistics flows, therefore impacting the Company’s
manufacturing activities. In addition, the change in environmental
conditions could also negatively impact the performance of products in
operation and negatively impact the health and safety of the
Company’s employees. This may result in the need for additional
modifications to the Company’s products, as well as to industrial
operations and procurement strategy, leading to increased costs and
the adaptation of the Company’s insurance coverage.

Based on a qualitative analysis, the Company has estimated the probability of risk materialisation. It has also performed a preliminary internal
assessment, using data from the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management system, as to which climate-related risks may involve the most significant
financial impacts in the future. The results are displayed in the following table.
Climate scenario/time horizon(s)
where risk likelihood is considered medium or high,
based on Company’s qualitative analysis

Potential financial
impacts
before mitigation

RISKS

1.5°C

>3°C

Transition - Technology

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

+++

Transition - Market (Energy)

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

+++

Transition - Market (Demand)

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

+++

Transition - Policy and legal

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

Not assessed

Transition - Reputation

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

Not assessed

Physical - Acute

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

++

Physical - Chronic

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

++

▶ ▶ ▶ : ST - ▶ ▶ ▶ : MT - ▶ ▶ ▶ : LT

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

73

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.1 Risk Factors

The Company and its value chain are subject to extensive rules
and regulations relating to environmental protection

Given the scope of its activities and the industries in which it operates, the
Company and its suppliers are subject to stringent laws in numerous
jurisdictions around the world, which are designed to protect human
health and the environment. To enable compliance with this constantly
and rapidly evolving legal and regulatory landscape, the Company incurs
and in the future will continue to incur expenditures related to costs to
limit, avoid, reduce and control emissions to the environment; investments
in improving waste management technologies; management of potential
obsolescence; and obligations relating to the manufacturing and
composition of the Company’s products, including measures needed for
traceability in respect of regulated substances contained in and/or used in
the manufacturing of products the Company acquires through the supply
chain and reporting and labeling obligations. As trends continue toward
further regulatory pressure to reduce the environmental footprint of
industry in general, the Company’s ongoing efforts to comply with its
regulatory obligations will lead to additional costs. Any failure to meet
requirements of environmental laws and regulations may expose the
Company to civil and/or criminal penalties and fines. Further, liability under
some environmental laws may be imposed retroactively, on a joint and
several basis (i.e. each entity may be fully liable for the entire claim) and, in
relation to any sites found to be contaminated due to activities of prior
occupants, without any finding of non-compliance or fault by the current
owner or occupant. These potential liabilities may not always be covered
by insurance, or may be only partially covered. Any obligation to provide
compensation for such losses or damages or other enforcement or
penalty actions in relation to environmental matters could have a
significant adverse effect on the Company’s reputation, business, results
of operations and financial condition.

74

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

The Company is subject to extensive health and safety rules and
regulations

Given the scope of its activities and the industries in which it operates, the
Company is subject to stringent health and safety laws and regulations in
numerous jurisdictions around the world, applicable to its operations and
with respect to the products it sells. To enable compliance with this
constantly evolving legal and regulatory landscape the Company incurs
and in the future will continue to incur health and safety related
expenditures, which include investments in the continuous review of
processes and the identification and the prevention, elimination or control
of potential physical and psychological risks to people in the workplace
(including chemical, mechanical and physical agents). Potential risks to the
workforce or otherwise arising from work activities include the possibility
of injury, physical and mental ill-health among the workforce, damage to
equipment, business interruptions and regulatory action. In the event of an
industrial accident or other serious incident, employees, customers and
other third parties may file claims for ill-health, personal injury, or damage
to property. The occurrence of such events or any finding of failure by the
Company to maintain compliance with these laws and regulations would
leave the Company exposed to enforcement or litigation risk, as well as
reputational damage, which in each case could have a significant adverse
effect on the Company’s reputation, business, results of operations and
financial condition.

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.2 Enterprise Risk Management System

3.2 Enterprise Risk Management System
This section contains information incorporated by reference to address CSRD
requirements related to Disclosure Requirement ”GOV-1 The role of the
administrative, management and supervisory bodies”, paragraphs 22c, 22d,
Disclosure Requirement ”GOV-4: Statement on due diligence”, paragraph 32,
Disclosure Requirement ”GOV-5: Risk management and internal control over
sustainability reporting”, paragraph 36a and Disclosure Requirement ”IRO-1:
Description of the processes to identify and assess material IROs”,
paragraphs 53c, 53e, 53f, 53g.

The ERM process consists of three elements:

The long-term development and production cycles of the Company’s
wide range of products and services in a globalised supply chain and
highly regulated environment make enterprise risk management (ERM) a
crucial mechanism both to mitigate risks faced by the Company and to
identify and enhance potential opportunities.

• an ERM confirmation dimension, which comprises procedures to
assess the effectiveness of the ERM system.

Applied across the Company and its main subsidiaries, ERM is a
permanent top-down and bottom-up process, which is executed across
the Divisions at each level of the organisation. It is designed to identify and
manage relevant risks and opportunities. A sharp focus is put on the
operational dimension due to the importance of programmes and
operations for the Company. External factors are also considered, in order
to strengthen the Company’s resilience.
ERM is an operational process embedded into the day-to-day
management activities of programmes, operations and functions. The top
risks and their mitigations are reported to the Board of Directors through a
reporting synthesis, consolidated on a quarterly basis.
The ERM system relies on five pillars:
• anticipation: early risk reduction and attention to emerging risks;
• speak-up and early warnings;
• robust risk mitigations;
• opportunities; and
• strong governance.
The Company’s performance and risks are managed through a strong
interaction between the following four functions: Performance
Management, ERM, Internal Control, and Corporate Audit, which are
organised in a ”three lines” model (i.e. embedded within the business lines
(Performance Management), as control functions (ERM and Internal
Control, which serve complementary functions) and in an auditing/review
capacity (Corporate Audit).

3.2.1 ERM process
The objectives and principles of the ERM system, as endorsed by the
Board of Directors, are set forth in the Company’s ERM Policy and
communicated throughout the Company. The Company’s ERM Policy is
supplemented by directives, manuals, guidelines, handbooks, and other
supporting documents. External standards which contribute to the
Company’s ERM system include the ISO 31000 standard for risk
management, defined by the International Organization
for Standardization.

3

• a strong operational dimension - derived from ISO 31000 - to enhance
operational risk and opportunity management, identifying and
mitigating threats and vulnerabilities, including single points of failure;
• a reporting dimension (bottom up and top down), which contains
procedures for the status reporting of the ERM system and the risk/
opportunity situation; and

The ERM process applies to all identified relevant sources of risks and
opportunities that would potentially affect the Company’s activities, its
businesses and its organisation in the short, mid and long-term. The ERM
process is part of the overall management process of the Company and is
interrelated with such other processes.
All Airbus organisations, including the Divisions, subsidiaries and
controlled entities, commit to and confirm an effective implementation of
the ERM system. The annual ”ERM Confirmation Letter” issued by each
Airbus organisation serves as their formal acknowledgement of their
effective implementation of the ERM system.
For the main risks to which Airbus is exposed, please refer to Section 3.1
”Risk Factors”.

3.2.2 ERM governance and
responsibility
The governance structure and related responsibilities for the ERM system
are as follows:
• the Board of Directors, with support of the Audit Committee,
supervises the ERM system strategy and business risks and
opportunities, as well as the design and effectiveness of the
ERM system;
• the CEO authorises ERM reports to be escalated to the Board of
Directors. The CFO is accountable for an effective ERM system and
supervises the Head of ERM, the ERM system design, and
process implementation;
• the Head of ERM has primary responsibility for the ERM strategy,
priorities, system design, culture development and reporting tool. The
Head of ERM supervises the operation of the ERM system, and is
supported by a dedicated risk management organisation in the
Company, focusing on the operational dimension, including early
warning and anticipation culture development, while actively seeking
to anticipate and proactively mitigate identified sources of risk by
challenging the business to address such potential centres of risk
within the Company. The risk management organisation is structured
as a cross-divisional centre of competence and works to embed
proactive risk management within the Company; and
• Company management at the executive level has responsibility for the
operation and monitoring of the ERM system in their respective areas
of responsibility, and for the implementation of appropriate response
activities aimed at reducing risks and seizing opportunities, while also
considering the recommendations of the internal and external auditors.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

75

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.2 Enterprise Risk Management System

3.2.3 ERM effectiveness

3.2.4 Board declaration

The ERM effectiveness is analysed by:

Based on the Company’s current state of affairs, the reports made directly
available to the Board of Directors coming from different processes,
audits and controls, and the information the Board of Directors has
received from management, the Board of Directors believes to the best of
its knowledge that:

• ERM centre of competence (CoC), based on ERM reports, ERM
Confirmation Letters, in situ sessions (e.g. risk reviews), participation in
key controls (e.g. major programme maturity gate reviews);
• ERM key performance indicators (KPIs) measuring maturity and
effectiveness of the ERM process within the Company’s various
programmes and functions;
• risk and opportunity in-depth analyses proposed by the ERM CoC and
performed by the functions with the involvement and support of the
ERM CoC; and
• Corporate Audit engagements, which systematically include
assessments of the design and effectiveness of the overall risk
management system and ERM.
The combination of the following controls is designed to achieve
reasonable assurance regarding ERM effectiveness, as part of the
Company’s internal ERM system:
Organisation

Explanations

Board of Directors/ Regular monitoring
Audit Committee
The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee
review, monitor and supervise the ERM system. Any
material failings in, material changes to, and/or material
improvements of the ERM system which are observed,
made and/or planned are discussed with the Board of
Directors and the Audit Committee.
Top Management

ERM as part of the regular divisional business reviews
Results of the operational risk and opportunity
management process, self-assessments and
confirmation procedures are presented by the Divisions
or other Airbus organisations to top management.
ERM working sessions are held at executive leadership
meetings twice a year.

Management

ERM confirmation letter procedure
Entities and department heads that participate in the
annual ERM compliance procedures must sign ERM
confirmation letters.

ERM CoC

ERM effectiveness measurement
Assess ERM effectiveness by consideration of ERM
performance KPI, ERM reports, ERM confirmations, in
situ sessions (risk reviews etc.), participation to key
controls (e.g., major Programme maturity gate reviews).

Corporate Audit

Audits on ERM
Provide independent assurance to the CEO,
Management and Governing Bodies on the design and
effectiveness of the ERM system.

Ethics &
Compliance

Alert system
Detects deficiencies regarding conformity with
applicable laws and regulations, as well as with ethical
business principles.

76

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

• the internal risk management and control systems provide reasonable
assurance that the financial reporting does not contain any material
inaccuracies;
• this Board Report provides sufficient insight into any material failings in
the effectiveness of the internal risk management and control systems;
• it is justified that the financial statements have been prepared on a
going concern basis; and
• this Board Report states the material risks and uncertainties, to the
extent that they are relevant to the Company’s continuity for the period
of 12 months after the preparation of this Board Report.
It should be noted that no matter how well designed, the internal risk
management and control system has inherent limitations, such as
vulnerability to circumvention or the potential to override the controls in
place. Consequently, no assurance can be given that the Company’s
internal risk management system and procedures are or will be, despite all
care and effort, entirely effective.

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.3 Insurance

3.3 Insurance
The Company’s Insurance Risk Management function (”IRM”) is
established to proactively and efficiently respond to risks that can be
mitigated by insurance. IRM is responsible for all corporate insurance
activities and related protections for the Company and is empowered to
deal directly with the insurance and re-insurance markets via the
Company’s in-house broker entity. IRM’s ongoing objective in 2024 was to
further implement and improve efficient and appropriate corporate and
project-related insurance solutions.
IRM’s mission includes the definition and implementation of the
Company’s strategy for insurance risk management, to help ensure that
harmonised insurance policies and standards are in place to cover
insurable risk exposures beyond certain levels of magnitude. A systematic
review, monitoring and reporting procedure applicable to each operating
segment is in place to assess the exposure and protection systems
applicable to all the Company’s physical sites. The Company’s insurance
programmes likewise cover high risk exposures related to its assets
and liabilities.

3
Asset and liability insurance policies underwritten by IRM for the Company
cover risks such as property damage, business interruption, cyber,
product liability (aviation and non-aviation) and general liability (aviation
and non-aviation). IRM also provides a group insurance policy for
Supervisory and Managing Board Members and certain other employees
of the Company. The Company follows a policy of seeking to transfer the
insurable risk of the Company to external insurance markets subject to
reasonable conditions, on acceptable terms and within acceptable limits,
as available in the international insurance markets. The Company utilises
its reinsurance captive in order to optimise its insurance strategy. A volatile
global corporate insurance environment continued in 2024, due in large
part to economic and geopolitical factors. The Company’s positive
trajectory and its insurance strategy have allowed it to mitigate the impact
of this volatile environment. That said, the insurance industry and risk
factors that could impact the risk profile of the Company remain
unpredictable. As most of the Company’s insurance policies are renewed
on an annual basis, there may be further demands to change scope of
coverage, premiums and deductible amounts. Thus, no assurance can be
given that the Company will be able to maintain its current levels of
coverage nor that the insurance policies in place are adequate to cover all
significant risk exposure of the Company.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

77

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.4 Internal Control

3.4 Internal Control
This section contains information incorporated by reference to address CSRD
requirements related to Disclosure Requirement ”GOV-5: Risk management
and internal control over sustainability reporting”, paragraph 36a.

The Company’s governance includes an Internal Control function, which is
in charge of defining and managing an internal control framework that
encompasses all of the Company’s activities and which is applied across
the Company, its divisions and controlled affiliates. ”Internal control” is
defined as a process that aims at providing reasonable assurance
regarding the achievement of the Company’s operational, financial, and
compliance objectives. An ”Internal Control Referential” is being
developed, which aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the
Company’s key controls and the associated second line testing for the
systemic risks meant (or necessary) to be addressed by the internal
control system. This referential is currently under development and will be
rolled out on an ongoing basis. The results of the yearly internal control
cycles are reported to the Internal Control Committee, chaired by the CFO,
which monitors the internal control system effectiveness, and to the Audit
Committee. Based on findings, action plans are developed and monitored,
to foster continuous improvement and increased performance. The
Company implements its internal control system in accordance with some
of the key guidelines from the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations
(”COSO”) framework and the French financial market regulator (the AMF
(Autorité des Marchés Financiers)).

78

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

3. Risk Management and Internal Control
3.5 Internal Audit

3.5 Internal Audit

3

In accordance with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, the
Company’s governance includes an internal audit function ”Corporate
Audit”. Corporate Audit strengthens the Company’s ability to create,
protect, and sustain value by endeavouring to provide the CEO,
management and the other relevant corporate governing bodies with
independent, risk-based, and objective advice on the Company’s
activities, its regulatory compliance, its operational improvements and its
performance. Corporate Audit covers all areas of the Company’s activities
with a focus on key risks and priorities. Its mandate is set out in the Airbus
Corporate Audit Charter. The function’s independence is established by
direct reporting to the CEO, its participation to the Audit Committee, and
by direct access and regular interaction with the Chair of the Audit
Committee. The Corporate Audit function follows the Global Internal Audit
Standards issued by The Institute of Internal Auditors.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

79

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital

80

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital

4

General Information on
the Company and its
Share Capital
4.1 Description of the Share Capital

82

4.2 Shareholding and Voting Rights

83

4.3 Share Price Performance 2024

92

4.4 Dividends

93

4.5 Taxation

94

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

81

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.1 Description of the Share Capital

4.1 Description of the Share Capital
4.1.1 Issued share capital
As of 31 December 2024, Airbus SE’s issued share capital amounted to
€792,283,683 divided into 792,283,683 shares of a nominal value of
€1 each. The issued share capital of Airbus SE as of such date represents
26.41% of the authorised share capital of €3 billion, comprising three billion
shares. The holder of one issued share has one vote and is entitled to
profit in proportion to his/her participation in the issued share capital.(1)

4.1.2	Modification of share capital or
rights to acquire shares
The shareholders’ meeting has the power to authorise the issuance of
shares. The shareholders’ meeting may also authorise the Board of
Directors, for a period of no more than five years, to issue shares and to
determine the terms and conditions of share issuances.
Holders of shares have a pre-emptive right to subscribe for any newly
issued shares in proportion to the aggregate nominal value of shares held
by them, except for: (i) shares issued for consideration other than cash,
(ii) shares issued to employees of the Company, and (iii) shares issued
pursuant to a previously granted right to subscribe for those shares. For
the contractual position as to pre-emption rights, see Section 4.2.7
”Relationship with principal shareholders”.
The shareholders’ meeting also has the power to limit or to exclude
pre-emption rights in connection with new issuances of shares, and may
authorise the Board of Directors, for a period of no more than five years, to
limit or to exclude pre-emption rights. All resolutions in this context must
be approved by a two-thirds majority of votes cast during the
shareholders’ meeting, in the case where less than half of the capital
issued is present or represented at said meeting. If at least half of the
capital issued is present or represented at said meeting, all such
resolutions require approval of the simple majority of the votes cast, see
Section 4.2.2 ”Right to attend shareholders’ meetings”.
Further, the Articles of Association provide that the shareholders’ meeting
is not authorised to pass any resolution to issue shares, or to grant rights
to subscribe for shares, if the aggregate issue price (per share issuance) is
in excess of € 500 million, and no preferential subscription rights exist in
respect thereof (whether by virtue of Dutch law, or due to subscription
rights being excluded by the competent corporate body). The same
limitation applies if the shareholders’ meeting wishes to grant the Board of
Directors the authority to decide on such share issuance or granting of
rights. These limitations in the Articles of Association can only be changed
by the shareholders’ meeting with a 75% voting majority.
Pursuant to the shareholders’ resolutions adopted at the Annual General
Meeting (the ”AGM”) held on 10 April 2024, the power to issue shares, to
grant rights to subscribe for shares and to limit or exclude preferential
subscription rights for existing shareholders has been delegated to the
Board of Directors for the purpose of:
1. employee share ownership plans and share-related long-term
incentive plans, provided that such powers shall be limited to 0.18% of
Airbus SE’s authorised share capital; and
(1) Except for the shares held by the Company itself and subject to certain other exceptions under
Dutch law.

82

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

2. funding Airbus SE and any of its subsidiaries, provided that such
powers shall be limited to 0.3% of Airbus SE’s authorised share capital.
Such power has been granted for a period expiring at the AGM to be held
in 2025, and shall not extend to issuing shares or granting rights to
subscribe for shares if: (i) there is no preferential subscription right (by
virtue of Dutch law, or because it has been excluded by means of a
resolution of the competent corporate body) and (ii) it concerns an
aggregate issue price in excess of € 500 million per share issuance.
At the AGM held on 10 April 2024, the Board of Directors was authorised
for a period of 18 months from the date of such AGM to repurchase shares
of Airbus SE, by any means, including derivative products, on any stock
exchange or otherwise, as long as, upon such repurchase, Airbus SE
would not hold more than 10% of Airbus SE’s issued share capital, and at a
price per share not less than the nominal value, and not more than the
higher of the price of the last independent trade and the highest current
independent bid on the trading venues of the regulated market of the
country in which the purchase is carried out.
The shareholders’ meeting may reduce the issued share capital by
cancellation of shares or by reducing the nominal value of the shares by
means of an amendment to the Articles of Association. A cancellation of
shares requires approval by a two-thirds majority of votes cast during the
shareholders’ meeting in the case where less than half of the capital
issued is present or represented at the meeting. If more than half of the
capital issued is present or represented at said meeting, a resolution to
cancel shares requires approval of the simple majority of the votes cast,
see Section 4.2.2 ”Right to attend shareholders’ meetings”. A reduction of
nominal value by means of an amendment to the Articles of Association
requires approval by a two-thirds majority of the votes cast during the
shareholders’ meeting (unless the amendment to the Articles of
Association also entails amendment(s) requiring a 75% voting majority
under the Articles of Association).
At the AGM held on 10 April 2024, the Board of Directors and the CEO
were authorised, with powers of substitution, to implement a cancellation
of shares held or repurchased by Airbus SE, including the authorisation to
establish the exact number of the relevant shares thus repurchased to
be cancelled.

4.1.3	Securities granting access to
Airbus SE’s capital
There are no securities that give access, immediately or over time, to the
share capital of Airbus SE. For further information please refer to the IFRS
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to the IFRS
Consolidated Financial Statements.

4.1.4	Changes in the issued share
capital in 2024
In the course of 2024, a total number of 1,824,249 new shares were
issued, all of which were issued in the framework of the 2024 Employee
Share Ownership Plan (”ESOP”).
During 2024 (i) Airbus SE repurchased 3,627,423 shares and (ii) none of its
treasury shares were cancelled. As of 31 December 2024, Airbus SE held
4,327,432 treasury shares.

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.2 Shareholding and Voting Rights

4.2 Shareholding and Voting Rights
4.2.1	Shareholding Structure at the end
of 2024
As of 31 December 2024, the French State held 10.83% of the outstanding
Company shares through Sogepa, the German State held 10.82% through
GZBV, a subsidiary of Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau (”KfW”), a public law
institution serving domestic and international policy objectives of the
Government of the Federal Republic of Germany, and the Spanish State
held 4.08% through SEPI.

4

As of 31 December 2024, 73.72% of the outstanding Company shares
were held by the public (including the Company’s employees), and the
Company held (directly or indirectly) 4,327,432 of its own shares, equal to
0.55% of the issued share capital. These treasury shares owned by the
Company do not carry voting rights.

The diagram below shows the ownership structure of the Company as of 31 December 2024, reflecting % of capital and voting rights (in parentheses).
Ownership Structure of Airbus SE as of 31 December 2024

FRENCH
STATE

GERMAN
STATE

SPANISH
STATE

OTHER GERMAN
PUBLIC ENTITIES

SOGEPA

SEPI

GZBV(2)

10.83%
(10.89%)

4.08%
(4.10%)

10.82%
(10.88%)

PUBLIC

KfW

73.72%(1)
(74.13%)

Share subject to Shareholders’ Agreement

AIRBUS SE
(1) Including shares held by the Company itself (0.55%).
(2) KfW & other German public entities.

For information on the obligation of entities to notify the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) (the ”AFM”) of
”substantial” holdings, and a list of entities that have made such
notification, please refer to Section 4.2.3 ”Shareholdings and voting rights
-Disclosure of Holdings”.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

83

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.2 Shareholding and Voting Rights

4.2.2 Right to attend shareholders’
meetings

a minimum convening period, which currently require no less than 42
days’ notice. The convening notice must include certain statements and
information as required under Dutch law.

Each holder of one or more shares may attend general meetings of
shareholders of the Company (”General Meetings”), either in person or by
written proxy, and may speak and vote according to the Articles of
Association. However, under (and subject to the terms of) the Articles of
Association, these rights may be suspended under certain circumstances.
A shareholder, or another person who has the right to attend a General
Meeting, can be represented by more than one proxy holder, provided
that only one proxy holder can exercise the rights attached to each share.

General Meetings are held in Amsterdam, The Hague, Rotterdam or
Haarlemmermeer (Schiphol Airport). If the Board of Directors so decides,
shareholders’ meetings may be attended by means of electronic or video
communication devices as may be specified in the convening notice.

The persons who have the right to attend and vote at General Meetings
are those who are on record in a register designated for that purpose by
the Board of Directors on the 28th day prior to the day of the General
Meeting (the ”Registration Date”), irrespective of who may be entitled to
the shares at the actual time of that meeting.
As a prerequisite to attending the shareholders’ meeting and to casting
votes, Airbus SE, or alternatively an entity or person so designated by
Airbus SE, should be notified in writing by each holder of one or more
shares and those who derive the aforementioned rights from these
shares, not earlier than the Registration Date. This notification must be
received by Airbus SE or said designated person by the date (and time)
mentioned in the convening notice. The notification should describe their
intention to attend the General Meeting, their identity, as well as the
composition, nature and size of their shareholding in accordance with the
relevant convening notice.
Shareholders holding their Airbus SE shares through Euroclear France S.A.
who wish to attend General Meetings will have to request from their
financial intermediary or account holder an admission card, and be given a
proxy to this effect from Euroclear France S.A. in accordance with the
relevant convening notice. For this purpose, a shareholder will also be able
to request that its shares be registered directly (and not through Euroclear
France S.A.) in the register of Airbus SE. However, only shares registered
in the name of Euroclear France S.A. may be traded on stock exchanges.
In order to exercise their voting rights, the shareholders will also be able,
by contacting their financial intermediary or account holder, to give their
voting instructions to Euroclear France S.A. or to any other person
designated for this purpose, as specified in the relevant convening notice.
Pursuant to its Articles of Association, Airbus SE may provide for electronic
means of attendance, speaking and voting at the General Meetings in
such circumstances, and subject to such conditions, as determined by the
Board of Directors.

Calling of meetings

General Meetings are held as often as the Board of Directors deems
necessary, when required under the Dutch Civil Code or upon the request
of one or more shareholders holding (individually or collectively) at least
10% of the total issued share capital of the Company. The AGM is held
within six months of the end of the financial year.
The Board of Directors must give notice of General Meetings through
publication of a notice on the Company’s website (www.airbus.com),
which will be directly and permanently accessible until the General
Meeting. The Company must comply with the statutory rules providing for

84

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

The Board of Directors must announce the date of the AGM at least ten
weeks before the meeting. A matter which one or more shareholders or
other parties with meeting rights individually or collectively representing at
least the statutory threshold (which is currently 3% of the issued share
capital) have requested in writing to be put on the agenda for a General
Meeting shall be included in the convening notice or shall be announced in
the same fashion, if the substantiated request or a proposal for a
resolution is received by the Company no later than the 60th day before
the General Meeting. When exercising the right to put a matter on the
agenda for a General Meeting, the respective shareholder or shareholders
are obliged to disclose their full economic interest to the Company, and
the Company must publish such disclosure on its website.
A request as referred to in the preceding paragraph may only be made in
writing. The Board of Directors can decide that in ”writing” is understood
to include a request that is transmitted electronically.

Majority and Quorum

All resolutions are adopted by means of a simple majority of the votes cast
in the General Meeting except when a qualified majority is prescribed by
the Articles of Association or by Dutch law. No quorum is required for any
General Meeting to be held, except as required under applicable law for a
very limited number of resolutions of an extraordinary nature. Dutch law
may require a special majority for the passing of certain resolutions: inter
alia, capital reduction, exclusion of pre-emption rights in connection with
share issues and statutory mergers or statutory de-mergers. The passing
of such resolutions requires a simple majority if at least 50% of the share
capital with voting rights is present at the shareholders’ meeting, and a
majority of two-thirds of the votes cast if this 50% presence threshold is
not met. In addition, resolutions to amend the Articles of Association or to
dissolve the Company may only be adopted with a majority of at least
two-thirds of the valid votes cast at a General Meeting, whatever the
quorum present at such meeting, and resolutions to amend certain
provisions of the Articles of Association may only be adopted with a
majority of at least 75% of the valid votes cast at a General Meeting,
whatever the quorum present at such meeting. For further information
please see Section 4.2.6 ”Shareholding and voting rights -Amendments to
the Articles of Association”.

Conditions of Exercise of Right to Vote

In all General Meetings, each shareholder has one vote in respect of each
share it holds. The major shareholders of the Company – as set forth in
Section 4.2.7 ”Shareholding and voting rights -Relationships with Principal
Shareholders” – do not enjoy different voting rights from those of the
other shareholders.
A shareholder whose shares are subject to a pledge or usufruct (under
which the usufructuary has the right to use and derive benefits from
shares without owning them) shall have the voting rights attached to such
shares unless otherwise provided by law or by the Articles of Association
or if, in the case of a usufruct, the shareholder has granted voting rights to

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.2 Shareholding and Voting Rights

4
the usufructuary. Pursuant to the Articles of Association and subject to the
prior consent of the Board of Directors, a pledgee of shares in the
Company may be granted the right to vote in respect of such
pledged shares.
According to the Articles of Association, no vote may be cast at the
General Meeting on a share that is held by the Company or a subsidiary,
nor for a share in respect of which one of them holds the depository
receipts. Usufructuaries and pledgees of shares that are held by the
Company or its subsidiaries are, however, not excluded from their voting
rights, in case the right of usufruct or pledge was vested before the share
was held by the Company or its subsidiary.

4.2.3 Disclosure of Holdings
The Company is subject to various legal provisions of the Dutch Financial
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) (the ”WFT”). Pursuant to
the WFT, any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or disposes of an
(actual or deemed) interest in the capital, voting rights or gross short
position of the Company must immediately give notice to the AFM through
its online portal, if, as a result of such acquisition or disposal, the
percentage of capital interest or voting rights held by such person meets,
exceeds or falls below the following thresholds: 3%, 5%, 10%, 15%, 20%,
25%, 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, 75% and 95%. Any person whose interest in
the capital, voting rights or gross short position in the Company meets,
exceeds or falls below one or several of the above-mentioned thresholds
due to a change in the Company’s outstanding capital, or in voting rights
attached to the shares as notified to the AFM by the Company, should
notify the AFM no later than the fourth trading day after the AFM has
published the notification by the Company. Pursuant to the Articles of
Association, shareholders must notify the Company when meeting or
crossing the thresholds above.
The disclosures are published by the AFM on its website (www.afm.nl).
According to the AFM register on substantial holdings, the below listed
entities have notified the AFM of their substantial interest in the Company
exceeding the below-mentioned thresholds, as of 18 February 2025:
• BlackRock Inc. owns 3.35% (0.34% indirect potential and 3.02%
indirect real) and 4.01% (0.37% indirect potential and 3.64% indirect
real) of the voting rights;
• Capital Research and Management Company owns 9.90% (0.27%
indirect potential and 9.63% direct real) of the voting rights;
• TCI Fund Management Ltd. owns 3.02% and 3.02% of the voting rights.
Actual interests may differ as the holder of a substantial interest is only
obliged to notify the AFM of any change in the percentage of share capital
and/or voting rights if such holder, directly or indirectly, reaches, exceeds
or falls below any of the abovementioned thresholds.

have changed by 1% or more since the Company’s previous notification or
at the end of the quarter if the change of its outstanding share capital or
voting rights is smaller than 1%. Additional disclosure and/or publication
obligations apply under European regulations for net short positions in
respect of the Company.
Under the Articles of Association, the disclosure obligations of
shareholders are enhanced in several ways beyond what is required under
the WFT, including by requiring the disclosure of additional information,
tying the disclosure obligations to a broader range of interests in the
capital or voting rights of the Company and by requiring a shareholder to
notify the Company if his or her interest reaches, exceeds or falls below
the Mandatory Disposal Threshold (as defined below) or if the interest of a
shareholder (alone or a member of a concert) which is above such
Mandatory Disposal Threshold changes in its composition, nature
and/‌or size.
Failure to comply with the legal obligation to notify a change in
shareholding under the WFT is an economic offence punishable by
criminal and administrative penalties as well as civil law penalties,
including the suspension of voting rights. Failure to comply with a
notification under the Articles of Association can lead to a suspension of
meeting and voting rights.

Disclosure Requirements for Members of the
Board of Directors and the Executive Committee
Disclosure of Holdings

In addition to the requirements under the WFT regarding the disclosure of
holdings in case the specified thresholds are met or exceeded or if
holdings fall below these thresholds, Members of the Board of Directors
must report to the AFM the number of shares in the Company and
attached voting rights(1) held by them or their entity, within two weeks
following their appointment as Director, whether or not such
shareholdings meet or exceed any of the specified thresholds.
Subsequently, any Member of the Board of Directors is required to notify
the AFM of any changes in such number of shares in the Company and
attached voting rights.

Disclosure of Transactions Carried Out on Any Securities Issued
by the Company
Based on the Market Abuse Regulation, certain persons discharging
managerial or supervisory responsibilities within the Company as well as
persons closely associated with them (together ”Insiders”, as defined
below), are required to notify the Company and the AFM within three
trading days of all transactions conducted for their own account involving
shares of the Company, or derivatives or other financial instruments
related to such shares, unless the aggregate amount of such transactions
in a calendar year exceeds the applicable threshold. The applicable
threshold was € 5,000 until 4 December 2024 and € 20,000 per calendar
year from 4 December 2024.

Except as described above, the Company is not aware of any other person
or legal entity that, as of the date of this Board Report, has a capital or
voting interest in the Company of 3% or more. For further details, please
refer to the website of the AFM at: www.afm.nl.

”Insiders” for the Company include (i) Members of the Board of Directors
and the Executive Committee of the Company as well as certain other

The Articles of Association also contain disclosure obligations for
shareholders that apply when their interests in the Company reach or
cross certain thresholds. Among other things, the Company is required to
notify the AFM immediately if its outstanding share capital or voting rights

(1) In this context, the term ”shares” also includes for example depositary receipts for shares and
rights resulting from an agreement to acquire shares or depositary receipts for shares,
specifically call options, warrants, and convertible bond. Equally, the term ”voting rights” also
includes actual or contingent rights to voting rights (e.g., embedded in call options, warrants or
convertible bonds).

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

85

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.2 Shareholding and Voting Rights

senior executives who are not members of these bodies but who have
regular access to inside information relating directly or indirectly to the
Company and power to take managerial decisions affecting future
developments and the business prospects of the Company, (ii) persons
closely associated with any person mentioned under category
(i) (including their spouses, life partners or any partner considered by
national law as equivalent to the spouse, dependent children and other
relatives who have shared the same household), and (iii) legal entities,
trusts or partnerships whose managerial responsibilities are discharged by
any person referred to in categories (i) or (ii) or which are directly or
indirectly controlled by such a person, or that have been set up for the
benefit of such a person, or whose economic interests are substantially
equivalent to those of such a person.
The Company has adopted specific internal insider trading rules (the
”Insider Trading Rules”) in order to ensure compliance with the above
requirements and with other share trading regulations applicable in the
Netherlands, France, Germany and Spain. The Insider Trading Rules are
available on the Company’s website, and provide in particular that: (i) all
employees and Directors are prohibited from conducting transactions in
the Company’s shares or stock options if they have inside information, and
(ii) certain persons are only allowed to trade in the Company’s shares or
stock options within limited periods and have specific information
obligations to the Insider Trading Compliance Officer of the Company and
the competent financial market authorities with respect to certain
transactions. The Insider Trading Compliance Officer is responsible for the
implementation of the Insider Trading Rules.

4.2.4 Mandatory disposal
4.2.4.1 Notification requirements and mandatory
disposal threshold restricting ownership
to 15%
Under the Articles of Association, each shareholder must notify Airbus SE
when it (or another party in respect of its interest in Airbus SE) must make
a notification to the AFM of a substantial interest or short position with
respect to Airbus SE, when its interest (alone or with concert parties)
reaches or crosses the Mandatory Disposal Threshold (as defined below)
or, subject to certain conditions and exemptions, when changes occur in
the composition, nature and/or size of any interest held by it or by its
concert parties in excess of the Mandatory Disposal Threshold. Failure to
comply with these obligations may, subject to a prior notification by Airbus
SE, result in the suspension of voting and attendance rights until the
shareholder has complied with its obligations.
The Articles of Association prohibit any shareholder from holding an
interest of more than 15% of the share capital or voting rights of Airbus SE,
acting alone or in concert with others (the ”Mandatory Disposal
Threshold”). An interest (”Interest”) includes not only shares and voting
rights, but also other instruments that cause shares or voting rights to be
deemed to be at someone’s disposal pursuant to the WFT, such that they
must be notified to the AFM if certain thresholds are reached or crossed.
Any shareholder having an interest exceeding the Mandatory Disposal
Threshold must reduce its interest below the Mandatory Disposal
Threshold within two weeks after such notification by Airbus SE. Upon
receipt of such notification, the voting, attendance and dividend rights
attached to the shares exceeding the Mandatory Disposal Threshold shall
be suspended. The same applies to concerts of shareholders and other

86

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

persons who together hold an interest exceeding the Mandatory Disposal
Threshold. Should such shareholder or concert not comply the 15%
Mandatory Disposal Threshold by the end of such two-week period, the
voting, attendance and dividend rights attached to all shares held by such
shareholder or concert shall be suspended, and their Excess Shares
would be transferred to a Dutch law foundation (stichting), which can, and
eventually must, dispose of them. The suspension of shareholder rights
described above shall be lifted once a shareholder or concert complies
with its obligations under the Articles of Association.
The Dutch law foundation would issue depositary receipts to the relevant
shareholder in return for the Excess Shares transferred to the foundation,
which would entitle the relevant shareholder to the economic rights, but
not the voting rights, attached to such Airbus SE shares. The foundation’s
Articles of Association and the terms of administration governing the
relationship between the foundation and the depositary receipt holders
provide, inter alia, that:
• the board members of the foundation must be independent from
Airbus SE, any ”grandfathered” persons and their affiliates, and any
holder of depositary receipts and their affiliates. Note that Airbus SE
has agreed to cover the foundation’s expenses and indemnify its Board
members against liability, for further information please refer to Section
4.2.4.2 ”Shareholding and voting rights -Exemptions from mandatory
disposal threshold”;
• the board members of the foundation are appointed (except for the
initial Board Members who were appointed at incorporation) and
dismissed by the management board of the foundation (Airbus SE may,
however, appoint one board member in a situation where there are no
foundation board members);
• the foundation has no discretion as to the exercise of voting rights
attached to any of the Airbus SE shares held by it and will, in a
mechanical manner, vote to reflect the outcome of the votes cast (or
not cast) by the other shareholders, and the foundation will distribute
any dividends or other distributions it receives from Airbus SE to the
holders of depositary receipts; and
• no transfer of a depositary receipt can be made without the prior
written approval of the foundation’s board.
For any shareholder or group of shareholders, ”Excess Shares” are the
shares that exceed the Mandatory Disposal Threshold. This threshold is
defined in the Articles of Association as the lower of two amounts: (i) the
shares that represent the percentage by which the shareholder’s or
group’s interest exceeds this threshold, and (ii) all the shares held by such
shareholder or group.
This rule is included in the Articles of Association to ensure Airbus SE’s
governance remains stable, to increase the number of shares available for
public trading, and to protect the interests of Airbus SE and its
stakeholders. It limits the influence of any shareholder or group of
shareholders holding an amount of shares above the given threshold,
except in the case of a public takeover offer that is accepted by
shareholders holding at least 80% of the share capital referred to below.

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.2 Shareholding and Voting Rights

4
4.2.4.2 Exemptions from mandatory
disposal threshold
The restrictions pursuant to the Mandatory Disposal Threshold under the
Articles of Association do not apply to a person who has made a public
offer with at least an 80% acceptance (including any Airbus SE shares
already held by such person). These restrictions also have certain
grandfathering exemptions for the benefit of shareholders and concerts
holding interests exceeding the Mandatory Disposal Threshold on 2 April
2013 (the ”Exemption Date”), which is the date of first implementation of
the Mandatory Disposal Threshold.
Different grandfathering regimes apply to such shareholders and
concerts, depending on the interests and the nature thereof held by each
such shareholder or concert on the Exemption Date.
Airbus SE has confirmed that: (i) the specific exemption in Article 16.1.b of
the Articles of Association applies to Sogepa, as it held more than 15% of
the outstanding Airbus SE’s voting rights and shares, including the legal
and economic ownership thereof, on the Exemption Date; and (ii) the
specific exemption in Article 16.1.c of the Articles of Association applies to
the concert among Sogepa, GZBV and SEPI, as they held more than 15%
of the outstanding Airbus SE voting rights and shares, including the legal
and economic ownership thereof, on the Exemption Date.

4.2.5 Mandatory public offer
4.2.5.1 Takeover Directive
The Directive 2004/25/EC on takeover bids (the ”Takeover Directive”)
sets forth the principles governing the allocation of laws applicable to the
Company in the context of a takeover bid for the shares of the Company.
The Takeover Directive refers to the rules of the Netherlands and the rules
of the European Union Member State of the competent authority that
must be chosen by the Company from among the various market
authorities supervising the markets where its shares are listed.
For the Company, matters relating to, inter alia, the consideration offered
in the case of a bid, in particular the price, and matters relating to the bid
procedure, in particular the information on the offeror’s decision to make a
bid, the contents of the offer document and the disclosure of the bid, shall
be determined by the laws of the European Union Member State having
the competent authority.
Matters relating to the information to be provided to the employees of the
Company and matters relating to company law, in particular the
percentage of voting rights which confers control and any derogation from
the obligation to launch a bid, the conditions under which the Board of
Directors may undertake any action which might result in the frustration of
the bid, the applicable rules and the competent authority will be governed
by Dutch law.

4.2.5.2 Dutch Law
In accordance with Dutch law, shareholders are required to make a public
offer for all issued and outstanding shares in Airbus SE’s share capital if
they – individually or acting in concert (as such terms are defined under
Dutch law summarised below), directly or indirectly – have 30% or more of
the voting rights (significant control) in Airbus SE. In addition to the other
available exemptions that are provided under Dutch law, the requirement
to make a public offer does not apply to persons, who at the time the
takeover provisions under Dutch law came into force, already held –
individually or acting in concert – 30% or more of the voting rights in
Airbus SE. In the case of such a concert, a new member of the concert
can be exempted if it satisfies certain conditions.

4.2.6 Amendments to the Articles
of Association
According to the Articles of Association, resolutions to amend the Articles
of Association require a two-thirds majority of the votes validly cast at a
general meeting of shareholders, unless they concern amendments to a
limited number of provisions thereof, in which case a 75% voting majority
would be required. The proposal containing the literal text of a proposed
amendment must be available for inspection by shareholders at Airbus
SE’s headquarters, from the day the meeting is convened until after the
end of the meeting.

4.2.7 Relationship with
principal shareholders
In 2013, GZBV, a subsidiary of KfW, Sogepa and SEPI, entered into a
shareholders’ agreement (the ”Shareholders’ Agreement”). The
Shareholders’ Agreement, further details of which are set out below, does
not give the parties to it any rights to designate members of the Board of
Directors or management team or to participate in the governance of
Airbus SE. Airbus SE has also entered into state security agreements with
each of the French state and German state, which are also described in
more detail below.

4.2.7.1 Shareholder arrangements
Grandfathering agreement

The French state, Sogepa, the German state, KfW and GZBV (all parties
together the ”Parties” and each, individually, as a ”Party”) entered into an
agreement with respect to certain grandfathering rights under the Articles
of Association. Below is a summary of such agreement.

Individual grandfathering rights

A Party that is individually grandfathered pursuant to Article 16.1.b of the
Articles of Association (such Party holding ”Individual Grandfathering
Rights”) shall remain individually grandfathered in accordance with the
Articles of Association if the concert with respect to Airbus SE (the
”Concert”) is subsequently terminated (for instance by terminating the
Shareholders’ Agreement) or if it exits the Concert.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

87

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.2 Shareholding and Voting Rights

Loss of individual grandfathering rights

A Party holding Individual Grandfathering Rights as well as any of its
affiliates who are grandfathered pursuant to Article 16.1.b in conjunction
with Article 16.3 of the Articles of Association (such affiliates holding
”Derived Grandfathering Rights”, and the Individual Grandfathering
Rights and the Derived Grandfathering Rights, together, the
”Grandfathering Rights”) shall no longer be entitled to exercise their
Grandfathering Rights in the event:
• the Concert is terminated as a result of it or any of its affiliates having
actually or constructively terminated such Concert; or
• it or its relevant affiliate(s) exit(s) the Concert,
and such termination or exit is not for good cause and is not based on
material and ongoing violations of the Concert arrangements, including,
without limitation, of the Shareholders’ Agreement, by the other principal
member of the Concert.
In the event that in the future the voting rights in the Company of the other
principal member of the Concert, together with those of its affiliates,
would for an uninterrupted period of three months represent less than 3%
of the outstanding aggregate voting rights of Airbus SE, the
Grandfathering Rights of the Party, including its affiliates which were no
longer entitled to use their Grandfathering Rights, shall from then on revive
and Sogepa and GZBV shall jointly notify Airbus SE to that effect.

Notification to the Company

Airbus SE will not be required to take any of the actions provided for in
Article 15 of the Articles of Association pursuant to the post-Concert
Grandfathering Agreement unless and until it receives: (i) a joint written
instruction from Sogepa and GZBV with respect to the taking of any of the
actions provided for in Article 15 of the Articles of Association pursuant to
the post-Concert Grandfathering Agreement, or (ii) a copy of a binding
advice rendered by three independent, impartial and neutral Expert
Adjudicators in order to settle any dispute between the Parties arising out
of, or in connection with, the post-Concert Grandfathering Agreement.
Airbus SE will not incur any liability to any of the Parties by taking such
actions following receipt of any such joint instruction or binding advice and
the Company will not be required to interpret the post-Concert
Grandfathering Agreement or any such joint instruction or binding advice.
Notwithstanding the description under ”Various provisions – Jurisdiction”
below, the courts of the Netherlands will have exclusive jurisdiction to
resolve any dispute, controversy or claim affecting the rights or obligations
of the Company under the post-Concert Grandfathering Agreement.

Various provisions

Termination: the post-Concert Grandfathering Agreement terminates
only if either the French state and its affiliates or the German state and its
affiliates no longer hold shares in the Company.
Governing law: laws of the Netherlands.
Jurisdiction: binding advice for any dispute, controversy or claim arising
out of, or in connection with, the post-Concert Grandfathering Agreement,
in accordance with the procedure set forth in the post-Concert
Grandfathering Agreement. However, any such disputes may be
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands to
resolve any such dispute, controversy or claim.

Governance of the Company

Below is a further description of the Shareholders’ Agreement, based
solely on a written summary of the main provisions of the Shareholders’
Agreement that has been provided to Airbus SE by Sogepa, GZBV and
SEPI (all parties together, the ”Shareholders”).
Appointment of the Directors: the Shareholders shall vote in favour of any
draft resolution relating to the appointment of Directors submitted to the
shareholders’ meeting of Airbus SE in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the German State Security Agreement and the French State
Security Agreement (as described below). If, for whatever reason, any
person to be appointed as a Director pursuant to the German State
Security Agreement or the French State Security Agreement is not
nominated, the Shareholders shall use their best endeavours so that such
person is appointed as a Director. Sogepa and GZBV shall support the
appointment of one Spanish national that SEPI may present to them as a
member of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE, provided such person
qualifies as an independent Director pursuant to the conditions set forth in
the rules governing the internal affairs of the Board of Directors (the
”Board Rules”), and shall vote as Shareholders in any Shareholders’
meeting in favour of such appointment and against the appointment of
any other person for such position. If, for whatever reason, the French
State Security Agreement and/or the German State Security Agreement
has/have been terminated, KfW or Sogepa, as the case might be, shall
propose two persons, and the Shareholders shall exercise their best
endeavours so that these persons are appointed as Directors. Directors
can always be dismissed at the general meeting.
Modification of the Articles of Association: Sogepa and GZBV shall
consult each other on any draft resolution intending to modify the Board
Rules and/or the Articles of Association. Unless Sogepa and GZBV agree
to vote in favour together of such draft resolution, the Shareholders shall
vote against such draft resolution. If Sogepa and GZBV reach a mutual
agreement on such draft resolution, the Shareholders shall vote in favour
of such draft resolution.
Reserved matters: with respect to the matters requiring the approval of a
qualified majority at the Board level (the ”Reserved Matters”), all the
Directors shall be free to express their own views. If the implementation of
a Reserved Matter requires a decision of the shareholders’ meeting of
Airbus SE, then Sogepa and GZBV shall consult each other with a view to
reaching a common position. Should Sogepa and GZBV fail to reach a
common position, they shall remain free to exercise on a discretionary
basis their votes.

88

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.2 Shareholding and Voting Rights

4
Prior consultation: Sogepa and GZBV shall consult each other on any
draft resolution submitted to the shareholders’ meeting other than related
to Reserved Matters and the Board Rules.

Balance of interests

The Shareholders agree to pursue their common objective to seek a
balance between themselves and their respective interests in Airbus SE
as follows:
• to hold as closely as reasonably possible to 12% of the voting rights for
Sogepa, together with any voting rights attributable to Sogepa and/or
to the French state, pursuant to Dutch takeover rules except for voting
rights attributable due to acting in concert with the other parties;
• to hold as closely as reasonably possible to 12% of the voting rights for
GZBV, together with any voting rights attributable to GZBV and/or to
the German state, pursuant to Dutch takeover rules except for voting
rights attributable due to acting in concert with the other parties; and
• to hold as closely as reasonably possible to 4% of the voting rights for
SEPI, together with any voting rights attributable to SEPI and/or to the
Spanish state, pursuant to Dutch takeover rules except for voting rights
attributable due to acting in concert with the other parties.

Mandatory takeover threshold

The total aggregate voting rights of the Shareholders shall always
represent less than 30% of the voting rights of the Company, or less than
any other threshold the crossing of which would trigger for any
Shareholder a mandatory takeover obligation (the ”MTO Threshold”). In
the event that the total aggregate voting rights of the Shareholders
exceed the MTO Threshold, the Shareholders shall take all appropriate
actions as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event within 30
days, to fall below the MTO Threshold.

Transfer of securities

Permitted transfer: transfer of securities by any Shareholder to one of
its affiliates.
Pre-emption right: pro rata pre-emption rights of the Shareholders in the
event any Shareholder intends to transfer any of its securities to a third
party directly or on the market.
Call option right: call option right for the benefit of the Shareholders in the
event that the share capital or the voting rights of any Shareholders cease
to be majority-owned, directly or indirectly, by the French state, the
German state or the Spanish state as applicable.
Tag-along right: tag-along right for the benefit of SEPI in the event that
Sogepa, the French state or any of their affiliates and any French public
entity, and GZBV, the German state or any of their affiliates and any public
entity propose together to transfer all of their entire voting rights interests.

Various provisions

Termination: the Shareholders’ Agreement may cease to apply in respect
of one or more Shareholders and/or their affiliates, subject to the
occurrence of certain changes in its or their shareholding interest in Airbus
SE, or in its or their shareholders.
Governing law: laws of the Netherlands.
Jurisdiction: arbitration in accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of the
International Chamber of Commerce, with the seat of arbitration in The
Hague (the Netherlands).

4.2.7.2 Undertakings with respect to interests of
certain stakeholders
Airbus SE has made undertakings and entered into agreements in
connection with interests of certain stakeholders.

State security agreements and related undertakings

Airbus SE and the French state have entered into an amendment to the
existing convention between them relating to the Company’s ballistic
missiles business (as amended, the ”French State Security Agreement”).
Under the French State Security Agreement, certain sensitive French
military assets are held by an Airbus SE subsidiary (the ”French Defence
Holding Company”). The French state has the right to approve or
disapprove of – but not to propose or appoint – three outside Directors on
the Board of Directors of the French Defence Holding Company (the
”French Defence Outside Directors”), at least two of whom must qualify
as Independent Directors under the Board Rules if they are members of
the Board of Directors. Two of the French Defence Outside Directors are
required also to be members of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE.
French Defence Outside Directors may neither (i) be employees,
managers or corporate officers of a company belonging to Airbus SE
(although they may be members of the Board of Directors of Airbus SE)
nor (ii) have material ongoing professional relationships with Airbus SE.
Pursuant to the French State Security Agreement, Airbus SE has granted
to the French state: (a) a veto right, and subsequently a call option, on the
shares of the Airbus SE subsidiary performing ballistic missiles activity,
exercisable under certain circumstances, including if (i) a third party
acquires, directly or indirectly, either alone or in concert, more than 15% or
any multiple thereof of the share capital or voting rights of Airbus SE, or
(ii) the sale of the shares of such companies carrying out such activity is
considered, and (b) a right to oppose the transfer of any such shares.
Airbus SE and the German state have entered into an agreement, and an
amendment agreement, to the agreement relating to the protection of
essential interests to the German state’s security (the ”German State
Security Agreement”). Under the German State Security Agreement,
certain sensitive German military activities are pursued directly or
indirectly by an Airbus SE subsidiary (the ”German Defence Holding
Company”). The German state has the right to approve or disapprove of
– but not to propose or appoint – three outside Directors to the
Supervisory Board of the German Defence Holding Company (the
”German Defence Outside Directors”), at least two of whom must qualify
as Independent Directors under the Board Rules if they are members of
the Board of Directors. Two of the German Defence Outside Directors are
required also to be members of the Board of Directors. The qualifications
to serve as a German Defence Outside Director are comparable to those
to serve as a French Defence Outside Director.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

89

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.2 Shareholding and Voting Rights

Pursuant to the German State Security Agreement, Airbus SE and the
German Defence Holding Company have granted to the German state a
pre-emption right to acquire the sensitive activities, as defined under the
German State Security Agreement. The pre-emption right applies in case
the German Defence Holding Company wishes to sell the sensitive
activities to an entity outside Airbus SE, or outside the German territory, or
the shares of a controlled entity which hosts sensitive activities. In such a
case, the German state may acquire the shares of such a controlled entity.
Furthermore, the German state has the right to acquire the sensitive
activities in case Airbus SE intends to allocate the sensitive activities
outside Germany or to give up the sensitive activities.
In February 2021, Airbus SE and the Spanish state entered into an
agreement relating to the protection of essential security interests to the
Spanish state (the ”Spanish State Security Agreement”). Under the
Spanish State Security Agreement, certain sensitive Spanish military
assets are held by a Company’s subsidiary (the ”Spanish Defence
Holding Company”). Pursuant to the Spanish State Security Agreement,
Airbus SE granted the Spanish state a pre-emption right to acquire the
sensitive assets as defined under the Spanish State Security Agreement.
The pre-emption right applies in case the Spanish Defence Holding
Company wishes to sell the sensitive assets to an entity outside Airbus or
outside Spain’s territory. In such a case, the Spanish state has the right to
acquire the sensitive assets.

Dassault Aviation

Airbus SE entered into an agreement with the French state pursuant to
which Airbus SE:
• grants the French state a right of first offer in case of the sale of all or
part of its shareholding in Dassault Aviation; and
• commits to consult with the French state prior to making any decision
at any shareholders’ meeting of Dassault Aviation.
As of 31 December 2024, Airbus SE held 10.53% of Dassault Aviation’s
share capital and 6.35% of its voting rights.

Stock exchange listings

Airbus SE has undertaken to the parties to the Shareholders’ Agreement
that, for the duration of the Shareholders’ Agreement, Airbus SE’s shares
will remain listed exclusively in France, Germany and Spain.

4.2.8 Purchase by the Company of its
own shares
4.2.8.1 Dutch Law and Information on Share
Repurchase Programmes
Under Dutch civil law, the Company may acquire its own shares, subject
to certain provisions of the law of the Netherlands and the Articles of
Association, if (i) the shareholders’ equity less the payment required to
make the acquisition does not fall below the sum of paid-up and called
portion of the share capital and any reserves required by the law of the
Netherlands and (ii) the Company and its subsidiaries would not thereafter
hold or hold in pledge shares with an aggregate nominal value exceeding
one-half (50%) of the Company’s issued share capital. Share acquisitions
may be effected by the Board of Directors only if the shareholders’
meeting has authorised the Board of Directors to effect such repurchases.
Such authorisation may apply for a maximum period of 18 months.
For the authorisations granted to the Board of Directors at the AGM held
on 10 April 2024, see Section 4.1.2 ”Modification of share capital or rights
to acquire shares”.

4.2.8.2 European Regulation
Pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation and EU Delegated Regulation
no. 2016/1052, the Company is subject to conditions for share repurchase
programmes and disclosure relating thereto. In particular, prior to
implementing the share repurchase programme, the Company must
ensure adequate disclosure of the following information: the purpose of
the programme, the maximum pecuniary amount allocated to the
programme, the maximum number of shares to be acquired, and the
duration of the programme.
In addition, the Company must report to the competent authority of the
most relevant trading venue (in terms of liquidity in the Company’s shares)
on which the shares are admitted to trading or are traded no later than by
the end of the seventh daily market session following the date of
execution of the transaction, all the transactions relating to the buy-back
programme and ensure adequate disclosure of certain information relating
to the share repurchase within the same time frame.

4.2.8.3 French Regulations
As a result of its listing on a regulated market in France, the Company is
subject to the European regulations summarised above in Section 4.2.8.2
”Purchase by the Company of its own Shares -European Regulation”.
In addition, the French Authority for the Financial Markets (Autorité des
marchés financiers) (the ”AMF”) General Regulations and AMF guidelines
n°2017-04 define the conditions for a company’s trading in its own shares
to be valid in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation and EU
Delegated Regulation no. 2016/1052.
Moreover, the Company must report to the AMF, on at least a monthly
basis, all the specified information regarding such purchases previously
published on its website and information concerning the cancellation of
such repurchased shares.

90

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.2 Shareholding and Voting Rights

4
4.2.8.4 German Regulations

4.2.8.5 Spanish Regulations

As a foreign issuer, the Company is subject to German rules on
repurchasing its own shares only to a limited extent, since German rules
refer to the law of the Member State in which the Company is domiciled. In
addition, general principles of German law on equal treatment of
shareholders are applicable.

As a foreign issuer, the Company is not subject to Spanish rules on trading
in its own shares, which only apply to Spanish issuers. The European
regulations summarised above in Section 4.2.8.2 ”Purchase by the
Company of its own Shares -European Regulation” also applies to the
Company in Spain.

The European regulations summarised above in Section 4.2.8.2 ”Purchase
by the Company of its own Shares -European Regulation” also applies to
the Company in Germany.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

91

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.3 Share Price Performance 2024

4.3 Share Price Performance 2024
125%

115%

105%

95%

85%
Jan-2024

Feb-2024

Mar-2024

Airbus SE

Apr-2024

May-2024

Jun-2024

CAC 40 Index

Jul-2024

DAX 40 Index

Over the course of 2024, the Airbus SE share price experienced volatility,
and closed out the year at € 154.78.
In January, the Company’s share price was supported by the 2023 Orders
and Deliveries announcement. Following the full-year 2023 earnings
release in February, the Company’s share price had an initial negative
reaction. This was attributed to a slight disappointment linked to the
profitability of the Commercial Aircraft business in Q4 2023 as well as the
market’s perception of 2024 guidance being conservative. This negative
sentiment was reversed shortly after, and together with the overall rise of
equity markets driven by optimism over the economy and interest rate
cuts in 2024, the share price was lifted to a new record high recorded on
March 27th (closing price €170.55).
The second quarter started with a weak performance of equity markets,
driven by profit-taking in the first half of April and continued geopolitical
tensions across the globe. Global stocks rebounded in May, largely driven
by the US market. The positive trend in the US extended to June, while
Europe and other equity markets traded sideways. In this context and
amid reports on production delays and continued supply chain challenges,
the Company’s share price retreated. In June, the Company’s shares
widened their losses, initially due to political uncertainty in France, then
followed by a major drop resulting from the 2024 guidance update and the
announcement of adjustments to the ramp-up trajectory.
During the third quarter, the Company’s share price remained volatile. It
had an initial positive reaction following the H1 2024 earnings release,
which exceeded market expectations, however the share price was also
affected by the general macroeconomic environment in August,
fluctuating broadly in line with the market. In early September, the
Company’s share price was initially weighed down by uncertainty
surrounding an in-flight failure of an A350 engine component on a Cathay
Pacific flight, lower than expected commercial aircraft deliveries in August
and engine manufacturers’ comments on output and Q3 outlook
challenges. The evolution of the Cathay Pacific situation, with the incident
being declared not an immediate safety risk and rather tied to
maintenance procedures, contributed to reversing the negative sentiment.

92

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Aug-2024

Sep-2024

Oct-2024

Nov-2024

Dec-2024

MSCI World Aerospace & Defence Index

The fourth quarter started with an overall weak performance in equity
markets, impacted by escalations of the conflict in the Middle East.
However, the negative sentiment was reversed by easing inflation
pressures, which strengthened market expectations on a continued path
of interest rate cuts from central banks. In parallel, the Company’s share
price outperformed, first reacting positively to the announcement of the
Airbus Defence and Space workforce adaptation plan, and then to the
better than anticipated 9m 2024 financial results.
While the US market rallied following the outcome of the US presidential
elections, European markets were weighed down by the potential adverse
impact of more protectionist trade policies that may be implemented by
the incoming administration. In this context, the Company’s share price
continued to outperform, supported in part by the decision of engine
manufacturers to divert some A320 engines from the aftermarket to
Airbus and by a solid level of commercial aircraft deliveries in November,
which reassured the market on the year-end delivery target.
With a performance of +11% in 2024, Airbus SE shares outperformed the
CAC40 index (-2%) but underperformed the DAX40 index (+19%) and the
broader aerospace and defence sector (MSCI World Aerospace and
Defence +18%).

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.4 Dividends

4.4 Dividends
4.4.1 Dividend Policy of the Company
and Dividend Proposal
In December 2013, Airbus formalised a dividend policy demonstrating a
strong commitment to shareholder returns. This policy targets sustainable
growth in the dividend within a pay-out ratio of 30%-40%.
The Board of Directors will propose to the Annual General Meeting the
payment to shareholders on 24 April 2025 of a dividend of € 2.00 per
share (FY 2023: € 1.80), corresponding to a pay-out ratio of 37%.

4
4.4.2 Unclaimed Dividends
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, a claim for payment of a dividend
or other distribution approved by the shareholders’ meeting shall lapse
five years after the date on which such claim becomes due and payable.
The claim for payment of interim dividends shall lapse five years after the
date on which the claim for payment of the dividend against which the
interim dividend could be distributed becomes due and payable.

In addition, the Board of Directors will propose to the Annual General
Meeting the payment of a special dividend of € 1.00 per share.
This reflects the Company’s confidence in its future financial performance
as well as its commitment to growing shareholder return.
The record date should be 23 April 2025.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

93

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.5 Taxation

4.5 Taxation
The statements below represent a broad analysis of the current tax laws
of the Netherlands. The description is limited to the material tax
implications for a holder of the Company’s shares (the ”Shares”) who is
not and is not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for any Dutch tax
purposes (a ”Non-Resident Holder”). Certain categories of holders of the
Company’s shares may be subject to special rules which are not
addressed below and which may be substantially different from the
general rules described below. Investors who are in doubt as to their tax
position in the Netherlands and in their state of residence should consult
their professional advisors. Where the summary refers to ”the
Netherlands” or ”Netherlands” or ”Dutch”, it refers only to the European
part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.

4.5.1 Withholding Tax on Dividends
In general, a dividend distributed by the Company in respect of Shares will
be subject to Dutch withholding tax at a statutory rate of 15%. Dividends
include inter alia dividends in cash or in kind, deemed and constructive
dividends, (partial) repayments of paid-in capital not recognised as capital
for Dutch dividend withholding tax purposes, and liquidation proceeds in
excess of the average paid-in capital recognised as capital for Dutch
dividend withholding tax purposes. Stock dividends paid out of the
Company’s paid-in-share premium, recognised as capital for Dutch
dividend withholding tax purposes, will not be subject to this
withholding tax.
A Non-Resident Holder of Shares can be eligible for a partial or complete
exemption or refund of all or a portion of the above withholding tax
pursuant to domestic rules or under a tax convention that is in effect
between the Netherlands and the Non-Resident Holder’s country of
residence for tax purposes. The Netherlands has concluded such
conventions with the US, Canada, Switzerland, Japan, the UK, all
European Union Member States and other countries.

4.5.2 Conditional Withholding Tax
on Dividends
A conditional withholding tax may apply at the highest corporate tax rate
(presently 25.8%) on dividends distributed by the Company to an affiliated
(gelieerde) entity of it if such entity (i) is considered to be resident
(gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the annually updated Dutch
Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax
purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve
rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent
establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the dividend is
attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the dividend payable for the main purpose
or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is
not considered to be the recipient of the dividend in its jurisdiction of
residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as
the recipient of the dividend (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as
resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid
whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a participant that has a qualifying
interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse
hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable
based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the dividend been
payable to the participant directly, all within the meaning of the
Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).

94

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

If the dividend withholding tax and the conditional dividend withholding
tax are both applied, the conditional dividend withholding tax will be
reduced by the actual dividend withholding tax levied. As a result, in such
circumstance the aggregate tax rate on dividends may rise from 15% to
the highest corporate tax rate (presently 25.8%).

4.5.3 Withholding Tax on Sale or Other
Dispositions of Shares
Payments on the sale or other dispositions of Shares will not be subject to
Dutch withholding tax, unless the sale or other disposition is, or is deemed
to be, made to the Company or a direct or indirect subsidiary of the
Company. In principle, a redemption or sale to the Company or a direct or
indirect subsidiary of the Company will be deemed to be a dividend and
will be subject to the rules set forth in Section 4.5.1 ”Withholding Tax on
Dividends” and Section 4.5.2 ”Conditional Withholding Tax on Dividends
per 2024” above.

4.5.4 Taxes on Income and
Capital Gains
A Non-Resident Holder who receives dividends distributed by the
Company on Shares or who realises a capital gain derived from Shares,
will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain unless:
• the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part
thereof which is either effectively managed in the Netherlands or
carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or
permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in the
Netherlands and the holder of Shares derives profits from such
enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or
• the Non-Resident Holder is an entity and has, directly or indirectly, a
substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed substantial
interest in the Company and such interest is held by the Non-Resident
Holder with the main purpose of or one of the main purposes of
avoiding personal income tax for another person; or
• the Non-Resident Holder is an individual and such holder or a
connected person to such holder (verbonden persoon) has, directly
or indirectly, a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed
substantial interest in the Company which is not attributable to an
enterprise; or
• the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous
activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in the
Netherlands as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet
inkomstenbelasting 2001), including without limitation, activities that
exceed normal, active portfolio management (normaal actief
vermogensbeheer).
Generally, a Non-Resident Holder of Shares will not have a substantial
interest in the Company’s share capital, unless the Non-Resident Holder,
alone or together with certain related persons holds, jointly or severally
directly or indirectly, Shares in the Company, or a right to acquire Shares in
the Company representing 5% or more of the Company’s total issued and
outstanding share capital or any class thereof. Generally, a deemed
substantial interest exists if all or part of a substantial interest has been or
is deemed to have been disposed of with application of a roll-over relief.

4. General Information on the Company and its Share Capital
4.5 Taxation

4
4.5.5 Gift or Inheritance Taxes

4.5.7 Other Taxes and Duties

Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the
transfer of Shares by way of gift by, or on the death of, a Non-Resident
Holder, unless the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by
or on behalf of, a person who, at the time of the gift or death, is or is
deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the
relevant provisions.

There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or
duty other than court fees payable in the Netherlands by a holder of
Shares in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or
enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgement in the
courts of the Netherlands) with respect to the dividends on the Shares or
on the transfer of the Shares.

4.5.6 Value Added Tax

4.5.8 Residence

There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of Shares in
respect of dividends on the Shares or on the transfer of the Shares.

A Non-Resident Holder will not become resident, or be deemed to be
resident, in the Netherlands solely as a result of holding a Share or of the
execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of rights in respect
of the Shares.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

95

5. Financial Information

96

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

5. Financial Information

5

Financial Information

5.1

Financial Performance

5.2 Information on Airbus SE Auditors

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

99
103

97

5. Financial Information

The following financial information should be read together with the
Company’s IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the
years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023. These Financial Statements
have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
Standards (”IFRS”) issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board as endorsed by the European Union, and with Part 9 of Book 2 of
the Dutch Civil Code.
The following financial information also contains certain ”non-GAAP
financial measures”, i.e. financial measures that either exclude or include
amounts that are not excluded or included in the most directly comparable
measure calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS. Specifically,
the Company makes use of the non-GAAP financial measures (i.e.
Alternative Performance Measures) ”EBIT Adjusted”, ”Net cash” and ”Free
Cash Flow”.
The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures to assess its
consolidated financial and operating performance and believes they are
helpful in identifying trends in its performance. These measures enhance
management’s ability to make decisions with respect to resource
allocation and whether the Company is meeting its financial goals.
Non-GAAP financial measures have certain limitations as analytical tools,
and should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of
the Company’s results as reported under IFRS.

98

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Exchange rate

The financial information presented in this document is expressed in euro,
US dollar or pound sterling. The following table sets out, for the periods
indicated, certain information concerning the exchange rate between the
euro, the US dollar and the pound sterling, calculated using the official
European Central Bank fixing rate:
Average

Year-end

€/US$

€/£

€/US$

€/£

31 December 2024

1.0824

0.8466

1.0389

0.8292

31 December 2023

1.0813

0.8698

1.1050

0.8691

5. Financial Information
5.1 Financial Performance

5.1 Financial Performance
Key Figures
(In € million)

2024

2023

Revenues

69,230

65,446

EBIT Adjusted

5,354

5,838

EBIT (reported)

5,304

4,603

4,232

3,789

4,463

4,532

4,461

4,096

Net Income
FCF before Customer Financing

(1)

FCF(1)

(1) The Company has decided to update the definition of the Alternative Performance Measure
Free Cash Flow in line with market practices to better reflect the underlying cash generation
performance of its operations. Going forward, Mergers and Acquisitions transactions will be
excluded from this definition. This applies from 1 January 2024 onwards.

Revenue and EBIT (reported) by Business Segment
Revenues
(In € million)

EBIT (reported)

2024

2023

Change

2024

2023

Change

50,646

47,763

+6%

5,133

3,610

+42%

7,941

7,337

+8%

818

717

+14%

Airbus Defence
and Space

12,082

11,495

+5%

(656)

220

–

Eliminations

(1,439)

(1,149)

–

9

56

–

Total

69,230

65,446

+6%

5,304

4,603

+15%

Airbus
Airbus
Helicopters

Revenue

Revenue increased 6% year-on-year to € 69.2 billion (2023: € 65.4 billion).
A total of 766 commercial aircraft were delivered (2023: 735 aircraft),
comprising 75 A220s, 602 A320 Family, 32 A330s and 57 A350s.
Revenues generated by Airbus’ commercial aircraft activities increased
6% to € 50.6 billion, mainly reflecting the higher number of deliveries.
Airbus Helicopters’ revenues increased 8% to € 7.9 billion, reflecting higher
deliveries of 361 units (2023: 346 units), a solid performance across
programmes as well as growth in services. Revenues at Airbus Defence
and Space increased 5% year-on-year to € 12.1 billion, mainly driven by the
Air Power business. Seven A400M military airlifters were delivered (2023:
8 aircraft), including the first for Kazakhstan.

EBIT

EBIT (reported) amounted to € 5,304 million (2023: € 4,603 million),
including net Adjustments of € -50 million.
EBIT Adjusted – an alternative performance measure and key indicator
capturing the underlying business margin by excluding material charges or
profits caused by movements in provisions related to programmes,
restructuring or foreign exchange impacts as well as capital gains/losses
from the disposal and acquisition of businesses – was € 5,354 million
(2023: € 5,838 million).
The Company continues to use the term EBIT (Earnings Before Interest
and Taxes). It is identical to profit before finance result and income taxes
as defined by IFRS accounting standards.

5

EBIT Adjusted related to Airbus’ commercial aircraft activities increased to
€ 5,093 million (2023: € 4,818 million), with the positive impact from higher
deliveries being partially reduced by investments for preparing the future.
Airbus Helicopters’ EBIT Adjusted increased to € 818 million (2023: € 735
million), reflecting the higher deliveries, a solid performance across
programmes and growth in services.
EBIT Adjusted at Airbus Defence and Space was € -566 million (2023:
€ 229 million), reflecting charges of € 1.3 billion in Space programmes,
including € 0.3 billion in the fourth quarter resulting from the completion of
the in-depth technical review.
On the A400M programme, an additional update of the contract estimate
at completion was performed and a net charge of € 121 million recorded,
reflecting mainly updated assumptions regarding the new contract
amendment with the launch nations and OCCAR and risk in the production
plan. In light of uncertainties regarding the level of aircraft orders, the
Company continues to assess the potential impact on the programme’s
manufacturing activities. Risks on the qualification of technical capabilities
and associated costs remain stable, with no major variations compared
to 2023.
The following table reconciles the Company’s EBIT with its EBIT Adjusted.
Airbus Consolidated
(In € million)

2024

2023

EBIT (reported)

5,304

4,603

$ working capital mismatch and balance
sheet revaluation

+101

-1,030

A400M charge

-121

-41

–

-89

Aerostructures transformation
Airbus OneWeb Satellite

+51

–

Airbus Beluga Transport business

-40

–

Others

-41

-75

5,354

5,838

EBIT Adjusted

These Adjustments comprised:
• € +101 million impact related to the dollar working capital mismatch and
balance sheet revaluation, of which € +247 million were in Q4. This
mainly reflects the phasing impact arising from the difference between
transaction date and delivery date;
• € -121 million related to the A400M, of which € -118 million were in Q4;
• € +51 million related to the gain on Airbus OneWeb Satellites, linked to
the acquisition of the remaining 50% of the joint venture in Q1;
• € -40 million related to the recently announced termination of the
Airbus Beluga Transport business;
• € -41 million of other costs including compliance and M&A, of which
€ -31 million were in Q4.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

99

5. Financial Information
5.1 Financial Performance

Financial result

Financial result was € 121 million (2023: € 166 million). The financial result
mainly reflects the revaluation of certain equity investments and the
evolution of the US dollar, partially offset by the interest result and the
revaluation of financial instruments.

Net Cash

Net income was € 4,232 million (2023: € 3,789 million) with reported
earnings per share of € 5.36 (2023: € 4.80).

The Company defines its consolidated net cash position as the sum of
(i) cash and cash equivalents and (ii) securities, minus (iii) financing
liabilities, plus or minus (iiii) interest rate contracts related to fair value
hedges (all as recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Financial
Position). Net cash position is an alternative performance measure and an
indicator that allows the Company to measure its ability to generate
sufficient liquidity to invest in its growth and future expansion, honour its
dividend policy and maintain financial flexibility.

Total Equity

The net cash is comprised of the following elements:

Net income

The Company’s shares are exclusively ordinary shares with a par value of
€ 1.00. The following table shows the development of the number of
shares issued and fully paid:

31 December
(In € million)

(In number of shares)

2024

2023

Issued at 1 January

790,459,434

788,205,008

1,824,249

2,254,426

792,283,683

790,459,434

Treasury shares

(4,327,432)

Outstanding at 31 December

787,956,251

Issued for ESOP
Issued at 31 December

Cash and cash equivalents

15,003

16,469

Current securities

2,829

1,301

Non-current securities

9,032

7,508

26,864

25,278

(3,037,467)

Short-term financing liabilities

(3,924)

(3,389)

787,421,967

Long-term financing liabilities

(10,355)

(10,202)

Interest rate contracts

(832)

(961)

Total

11,753

10,726

Equity attributable to equity owners of the parent (including purchased
treasury shares) amounts to € 19,606 million (2023: € 17,695 million)
representing an increase of € +1,911 million. This is mainly due to the net
income for the period of € +4,232 million and partly offset by a dividend
payment of € -2,215 million (a dividend of € 1.00 per share and a special
one of 1.80 € per share).
The non-controlling interests (”NCI”) from non-wholly owned
subsidiaries increased to € 90 million as of 31 December 2024 (2023:
€ 35 million). These NCI do not have a material interest in the Company’s
activities and cash flows.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

2023

Gross cash position

Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to dividends and to one vote per
share at general meetings of the Company.

100

2024

The net cash position on 31 December 2024 amounted to € 11,753 million
(2023: € 10,726 million), with a gross cash position of € 26,864 million
(2023: € 25,278 million). Please also refer to ”Notes to the IFRS
Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 36: Net Cash”.

5. Financial Information
5.1 Financial Performance

5
Financing Liabilities

Free Cash Flow
31 December

(In € million)

2024

2023

Bonds and commercial papers

7,986

8,250

Liabilities to financial institutions

382

323

Loans

291

233

1,696

1,396

10,355

10,202

Lease liabilities
Total long-term financing liabilities
Bonds and commercial papers

556

817

The Company defines Free Cash Flow as the sum of (i) cash provided by
operating activities and (ii) investments in intangible and fixed assets
(net) & dividends paid by companies valued at equity, minus (iii)
contribution to plan assets of pension schemes, (iv) realised foreign
exchange results on treasury swaps and (v) change in cash from changes
in consolidation. It is an alternative performance measure and key
indicator which allows the Company to measure the amount of cash flow
generated by its operations.
in € million

Gross Cash Flow from Operations

(1)

2024

2023

6,570

5,718

1,266

1,204

Liabilities to financial institutions

26

1

Change in working capital

Loans

85

81

(3,375)

(2,826)

253

221

Investments in intangible and fixed assets
(net) & Dividends paid by companies valued
at equity

Others

3,004

2,269

of which Industrial CapEx (additions)(3)

(3,669)

(3,051)

Total short-term financing liabilities

3,924

3,389

4,461

4,096

Total

14,279

13,591

(2)

(436)

4,463

4,532

Lease liabilities
(1)

(1) Included in ”others” are financing liabilities to joint ventures.

Long-term financing liabilities, mainly comprising of bonds and lease
liabilities, increased by € +153 million to € 10,355 million (2023: € 10,202
million), mainly due to higher lease liabilities and increase in the value of
bonds partly offset by bonds reclassification to short-term liabilities
(EMTN 5 years).
Short-term financing liabilities increased by € +535 million to € 3,924
million (2023: € 3,389 million) mainly due to the EMTN 5 years
reclassification in short-term financing liabilities maturing in April 2025 and
financing liabilities to joint ventures partly offset the EMTN 10 years bond
repayment in April 2024.

(2)

Free Cash Flow(4)

of which Customer Financing
Free Cash Flow before Customer Financing

(1) Excluding working capital change, contribution to plan assets of pension schemes and realised
FX results on treasury swaps
(2) Including net customer financing and excluding some perimeter change impacts from
changes in consolidation
(3) Excluding leased and financial assets
(4) Excluding change in securities, change in cash from changes in consolidation, contribution to
plan assets, realised FX results on treasury swaps and bank activities

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

101

5. Financial Information
5.1 Financial Performance

Order Intake and Order Book

Gross commercial aircraft orders totalled 878 (2023: 2,319 aircraft) with
net orders of 826 aircraft after cancellations (2023: 2,094 aircraft). The
order backlog amounted to 8,658 commercial aircraft at the end of
December 2024. Airbus Helicopters registered 450 net orders (2023: 393
units), with a book-to-bill ratio above 1 both in units and value highlighting
strong demand for the Division’s platforms. There was also good order
intake for helicopter services. Airbus Defence and Space’s order intake by
value increased to a record € 16.7 billion (2023: € 15.7 billion),
corresponding to a book-to-bill of around 1.4. Fourth quarter orders
included 25 additional Eurofighter military aircraft for Spain.

Consolidated order intake by value decreased to € 103.5 billion (2023:
€186.5 billion) with the consolidated order book valued at € 629 billion at
the end of 2024 (year-end 2023: € 554 billion). The increase in the
consolidated backlog value mainly reflects the Company-wide book-tobill of above 1, and the strengthening of the US dollar.

Order Intake and Order Book by Business Segment (pre-elimination)
Order Intake (net)
2024

Airbus (in units)

2023

Order Book
Change

2024

2023

Change

826

2,094

-61%

8,658

8,598

+1%

77,413

162,571

-52%

558,925

490,812

+14%

450

393

+15%

893

804

+11%

Airbus Helicopters (in € million)

10,071

8,597

+17%

24,064

21,525

+12%

Airbus Defence and Space (in € million)

16,710

15,701

+6%

46,803

42,195

+11%

Airbus (in € million)
Airbus Helicopters (in units)

102

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

5. Financial Information
5.2 Information on Airbus SE Auditors

5.2 Information on Airbus SE Auditors
EY Accountants B.V.
Boompjes 258
3011 XZ Rotterdam
Postbus 488
3000 AL Rotterdam
The Netherlands
Represented by N.M. Pul

Date of first
appointment

Expiration of current
term of office(1)

28 April 2016

15 April 2025

(1) A resolution will be submitted to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held in April
2025, in order to appoint EY Accountants B.V. as the Company’s auditors for the 2025
financial year.

5

EY Accountants B.V. has a licence from the AFM to perform statutory
audits for Public Interest Entities and its representative is member of the
NBA (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants – the
Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants). The NBA is the
professional body for accountants in the Netherlands.
Assuming the appointment of EY Accountants B.V. as the Company’s
auditors for 2025, at the end of 2025 EY Accountants B.V. will reach the
maximum engagement period under Dutch law (10 years). As such, the
Company has initiated a selection process for a successor to EY
Accountants B.V. as the Company’s auditor, beginning with the 2026
financial year.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

103

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement

104

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement

6

Non-Financial
Information:
Sustainability Statement
6.1

General Information

106

6.2 Environmental Information

140

6.3 Social Information

179

6.4 Governance Information

205

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

105

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6.1 General Information
6.1.1 	ESRS 2 - General disclosure,
including information provided
under the Application
Requirements of topical ESRS
listed in ESRS 2 Appendix C
6.1.1.1 BP: Basis for Preparation
6.1.1.1.1 	BP-1: General basis for preparation of the
sustainability statement

This sustainability statement has been prepared on a consolidated basis.
The consolidation scope is aligned with the scope of the consolidated
financial statements of the Company. When an information relates to a
different perimeter - e.g. when the consolidation perimeter for a given
metric differs -, the specificities are laid out in the respective section of
this report. As controlled by the Company and covered by this
sustainability statement, all controlled subsidiaries are exempted from
individual or consolidated sustainability reporting pursuant to Articles
19a(9) or 29a(8) of Directive 2013/34/EU. Detailed information is available
on airbus.com in the document ”Information on Principal Investments” on:
https://www.airbus.com/en/about-us/our-governance/
governanceframework-and-documents.
This sustainability statement covers the Company’s own operations,
upstream value chain and downstream business relationships related to
the direct use of its products. The double materiality assessment has
been performed on the basis of this value chain. When relevant, details
about specific scopes for certain policies, actions, metrics or targets can
be found in connection with the information it concerns.
In addition, and for the sake of clarity, the Company uses the terms ”own
operations” and ”operationally controlled entities” as per ESRS E1
provisions and extends their use, with the same meaning, to subsequent
environmental ESRSs, as the Company’s approach to a number of topics
applies to the combination of these two perimeters.
The Company has omitted certain information, in accordance with the
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive’s article on permitted
omissions of seriously prejudicial information (CSRD, article 19a) as well as
the section on intellectual property or results of innovation (ESRS 1,

106

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

section 7.7). This article is included in the latest draft law transposing the
CSRD in the Netherlands, where the Company is incorporated. For the
sake of clarity this comes in addition to certain datapoints that may have
been omitted as deemed not material information about topic
management in view of the actual impact/risk/opportunity (IRO)
boundaries (materiality of information, see ESRS 2 ”– 6.1.4.2 IRO-2:
Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s
sustainability statement”).

6.1.1.1.2 BP-2: Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances

Time Horizons
In this sustainability statement, unless stated otherwise, short-, mediumand long-term horizons are aligned with time horizons used in the
financial statements and referenced in ESRS 1 6.4 paragraph 77. By
exception and in line with common practices and better reflecting the
speed of onset of climate related impacts, time horizons in the context of
climate change are considered on a wider scale and specified in the
chapter E1 Climate Change.
Value Chain Estimations
In some circumstances when information is not available for a certain
scope or for certain quantitative metrics related to its value chain, the
Company may use estimates or proxies it considers relevant to provide a
representation of a given topic. These are identifiable through related
explanations and assumptions that are presented close to the concerned
information (in methodological notes for instance), and with the objective
to enable the reader to get an appreciation of the degree of accuracy that
would result from their use. When relevant, it may also include a
description of contemplated actions to improve the accuracy in the future.
Sources of estimation and outcome uncertainty
In some circumstances when information is not available for a certain
scope or for certain quantitative metrics, including monetary amounts, the
Company uses estimates or proxies it considers relevant to provide a
representation of a given topic. Such assumptions are presented in
connection to the concerned information (in methodological notes for
instance) with the objective to enable the reader to get a fair appreciation
of the degree of uncertainty that would result from their use.
Incorporation by reference
The table below includes a list of disclosure requirements that have been
incorporated by reference to another section of the Board of Directors
report entirely when such complementary information is deemed to be
necessary to meet disclosure requirements.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
ESRS

Disclosure requirements

Paragraph

2

GOV-1: The role of the administrative, management and
supervisory bodies

21, 23

Supporting sections
from Airbus SE Report of the Board of Directors 2024

– Corporate Governance – 2.1.1 Board of Directors Composition
of the Board of Directors
– Corporate Governance – 2.2.1 Nomination and Composition of
the Executive Committee
– Corporate Governance – 2.1.4 Board Committees
– Risk Management and Internal Controls – 3.2 Enterprise Risk
Management System

21, 23
22a
22c, 22d

2

26a
GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability matters
addressed by the undertaking’s administrative, management
and supervisory bodies

– Corporate Governance – 2.1.4 Board Committees

2

GOV-3: Integration of sustainability-related performance in
incentive schemes

29

– Corporate Governance – 2.3 Remuneration Report
– Corporate Governance – 2.3.2 Implementation of the
Remuneration Policy in 2024: CEO

2

GOV-4: Statement on due diligence

32

– Risk Management and Internal Controls – 3.2 Enterprise Risk
Management System

2

GOV-5: Risk management and internal control over
sustainability reporting

36a

– Risk Management and Internal Controls – 3.2 Enterprise Risk
Management System
– Risk Management and Internal Controls – 3.4 Internal Control

2

SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and business model

48d, 48e, 48f

– ”Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements Note 3. Climate Impacts”

2

IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess
material IROs

53c, 53e, 53f, 53g

– Risk Management and Internal Controls – 3.2 Enterprise Risk
Management System

6.1.1.2 GOV: Governance
6.1.1.2.1 	GOV-1: The role of the administrative, management and
supervisory bodies
Airbus SE’s Board of Directors is presented in ”– Corporate Governance –
2.1.1 Board of Directors Composition of the Board of Directors”, including
information on composition, experience and diversity. There is no
employee representative on the Board of Directors. The Company’s
Executive Committee is presented in ”– Corporate Governance – 2.2.1
Nomination and Composition of the Executive Committee”, including
information on composition.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Unit

2024

Number of Directors

No.

12

Number of independent directors

No.

11

%

92%

Number of executive directors

No.

1

Number of non-executive directors

No.

11

Number of women

No.

5

Number of men

No.

7

%

42%

Percentage of independent directors

Percentage of women

%

58%

Years

60

No.

7

Years

6

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Unit

2024

Number of women

No.

3

Number of men

No.

9

%

25%

No.

4

Percentage of men
Average age
Number of nationalities
Average tenure

Percentage of women
Number of Executive Committee meetings

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

107

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

Airbus SE’s Board of Directors and the Company’s Executive Committee
respectively oversee and approve strategic decisions, including on
sustainability matters. Company’s corporate governance, including the
roles and responsibilities of the administrative, management and
supervisory bodies, are described in ”– Corporate Governance – 2.1.4
Board Committees”. Since 1 January 2024, the Company further
strengthened sustainability-related activities with the creation of a Chief
Sustainability Officer (”CSO”) position. Hence, Julie Kitcher has been
appointed Chief Sustainability Officer and Communications and remains a
member of the Executive Committee. Her role includes ensuring the
proper information to and the involvement of the Company’s Executive
Committee and the Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee on
sustainability matters.
Directly supporting the oversight role of Board of Directors:
• the Audit Committee oversees risks and opportunities, among other
matters related to financial reporting and audit activities, including
sustainability related ones; and
• the Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee (”ECSC”)
oversees, among other matters, the sustainability strategy,
including IROs.
The Airbus SE Internal Rules for the Board of Directors (”Board Rules”)
describe the responsibilities of these committees. The Board Rules
specify that in addition to the Board of Directors’ responsibilities under
applicable law and the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors is
responsible for certain enumerated categories of decisions. In addition,
the Board Rules detail the rights and duties of the members of the Board
of Directors and set out the core principles which each member of the
Board of Directors shall comply with and shall be bound by. The rules and
responsibilities of the Board and its committees, including the Audit
Committee and the ECSC, have been set out in the Board Rules. For a
complete list of responsibilities of the Audit Committee and the ECSC,
please refer respectively to Annex E and Annex G of the Board Rules. For
more information on the ECSC, see ”– 6.1.2.2 GOV-2: Information provided
to and sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s
administrative, management and supervisory bodies” hereafter.
In addition, with regards to risk management, sustainability risks and
opportunities are fully embedded in the Company’s ERM system. For
further information on ERM and on Internal Control, see ”– Corporate
Governance – 3.2 Enterprise Risk Management System”. As such,
sustainability-related risks and opportunities are consolidated quarterly in
a dedicated ERM report, which is reviewed by the CSO. Top Sustainability
Risks and Opportunities are presented to the Board of Directors on a
quarterly basis as part of the Company’s ERM quarterly report
presentation to the Audit Committee. IRO management responsibility,
including target setting on sustainability matters, the monitoring of
progress and of action plans, is delegated to the relevant topical
governance bodies and roadmaps, as presented in the next section (see
”– 6.1.1.2.2 GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability matters
addressed by the undertaking’s administrative, management and
supervisory bodies”) while targets are also reviewed periodically by the
Executive Committee and the Board of Directors. The reporting lines to
the Board of Directors are also detailed in the next section.
Directly supporting the Board of Directors, the Remuneration, Nomination
and Governance Committee is tasked to ensure the Board of Directors
collectively possesses relevant skills and expertise to fulfil their duties,

108

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

including on sustainability matters. Such analysis is performed in the
context of the identification and appointment of new Board members, as
well as on a periodic basis, at least every three years, when an in-depth
review is completed that takes into consideration business context
evolution and emerging trends. Sustainability skills cover the following
matters: the environment - including knowledge of climate and the energy
sector -, social, human rights and business conduct; consistent with
identified IROs (see hereafter).
Currently five out 12 directors are assessed as having meaningful
sustainability skills in view of the Company’s strategy and challenges (see
”– Corporate Governance – 2.1.1 Board of Directors composition”). The
biographies of Board members can be found on the airbus.com website,
offering insights into their experience, including information on their
experiences as executives that implied an expertise on business conduct
matters. Certain Board members bring their own expertise related to
certain key sustainability related topics and have been selected for such
expertise. In addition, relevant information and knowledge is shared with
the Board of Directors for topics that are discussed in the ECSC and
including those related to IROs.

6.1.1.2.2 GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability
matters addressed by the undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory bodies
In order to properly inform or involve the Board of Directors and the
Executive Committee, the Company has a defined dedicated supporting
governance, including at the highest level. Oversight has been established
at the Board of Directors level, with the ECSC. For further information
about the ECSC, see ”– Corporate Governance – 4.1 Management and
Control”. The ECSC meets quarterly and is responsible for assisting the
Board of Directors to oversee the following:
• Culture and commitment to ethical business, integrity and
sustainability;
• Ethics and Compliance programme, organisation and framework for
the effective governance of ethics and compliance, including all
associated internal policies, procedures and controls, which include
the areas of money laundering and terrorist financing, fraud, bribery
and corruption, trade sanctions and export control, data privacy,
procurement and supply chain compliance and anti-competitive
practices; and
• Sustainability strategy and effective governance, including the review
of sustainability-related material impacts, risks and opportunities, the
setting of targets related to material impacts, also in order to ensure
that sustainability-related topics are taken into account in the
Company’s strategy and objectives.
Under the Board Rules, the Board of Directors delegates the day-to-day
management of the Company to the CEO, who, supported by the
Executive Committee, makes decisions with respect to the management
of the Company, including sustainability. Alignment on sustainability
between the Board of Directors and the Company leadership team is also
supported by the regular attendance of the Chief Sustainability Officer
and Communications, an Executive Committee member, to the ECSC. The
Chief Sustainability Officer and Communications has top level
accountability on sustainability related matters at Executive Committee
level. The Executive Committee has the responsibility to provide top level
expectations and direction, while overseeing and validating the
sustainability strategy. This entails validating sustainability targets,
including those integrated into the Top Company Objectives.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
The Executive Committee is supported by several committees or boards,
that, amongst other things, steer related topics and oversee performance,
results and effectiveness of policies, action plans and progress:
• The Sustainability Strategy Committee, which reviews sustainability
performance and progress at least once a year, aims to ensure
alignment across all sustainability topics. It is co-chaired by the Chief
Sustainability Officer and Communications and the Head of Strategy.
• The Environment Committee, the Inclusion & Diversity Advisory Board,
the Product Safety Board as well as the Occupational Health and
Safety Governance Board, all chaired by Executive Committee
members.

• The Steering Committees of the Human Rights and Sustainable Supply
Chain Roadmaps, both sponsored by Executive Committee members.
Other sustainability topics such as business integrity may be brought
directly to the attention of the Executive Committee. These steering
bodies notably ensure sustainability impacts, risks and opportunities are
properly considered in business decisions, including company-wide
strategy evolutions, activity prioritisation or resource allocation. Where
relevant, additional elements of governance linked to specific topics are
explained in the governance sections of this report.

Board of Directors

Audit Committee

Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee

Executive Committee

Sustainability
Strategy
Committee

Environment
Committee

Inclusion and
Diversity Advisory
Board

Product Safety
Board

The Sustainability organisation put in place in January 2020 at corporate
level has continued to develop and expand. Its mission continues to focus
on:
• Coordinating the identification of, and providing transparency through
reporting, on IROs linked to sustainability.
• Setting the ambition level regarding the Company’s overall
sustainability strategy, including related to SAF, and its environmental
and social commitments;
• Monitoring the evolution of sustainability-related regulations, standards
and trends, and engage with relevant external stakeholders;
• Identifying the levers and defining objectives to achieve this ambition;
• Setting relevant targets for environmental matters and shaping targets
for other sustainability topics in collaboration with concerned
functions;
• Coordinating with relevant functions the performance and reporting on
progress across sustainability topics;
• Identifying means of enabling the business to deliver this ambition
across the full value chain;
• Engaging employees on sustainability;
• Providing clarity on ambition and progress to internal and external
stakeholders.

Occupational
Health and Safety
Governance Board

Human Rights,
Business Integrity,
Sustainable Supply Chain
Direct cascading of topics to the
Executive Committee

there are also for each of those topics (e.g. health and safety, inclusion
and diversity, human rights, data governance etc.), related functions,
departments or ”roadmaps” (multi-functional teams addressing crossfunctional sustainability topics) driving their continuous improvement.
The Ethics & Compliance organisation is part of the Legal, Compliance and
Public Affairs Department under the ultimate responsibility of the
Company’s General Counsel. The aim is to provide strong governance
throughout the Company with the global presence of qualified
Compliance officers who ensure the Ethics & Compliance programme is
implemented consistently in the different functional and operational areas.
The Company’s Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer, who reports to both
the General Counsel and the ECSC of the Board of Directors, leads a
dedicated team of Compliance professionals who are responsible for
supporting and advising across the Company on compliance related
topics, supporting the day-to-day business, performing risk assessments,
drafting policies, conducting third party due diligence, investigating
compliance allegations, implementing tools and controls and delivering
compliance training.
The General Counsel brings with him deep experience in managing high
profile, complex cross border issues in some of Europe’s largest industrial
companies as well as in leading and integrating teams with external
stakeholders around the world, navigating commercial and legal
challenges.

While the Sustainability team has a Company-wide role to define the
Company’s sustainability ambition, drive the roadmap and deliver and
integrate the Company’s sustainability commitments into the businesses,
Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

109

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

Steering

Oversight

Sustainability matters related to ESRS

Steering body(ies)

Executive Committee

ECSC/Board

E-1 to E-5 (Environment)

Environment Committee

✓

✓

S-1, S-2, G-1 (Human rights/supply chain)

Human Rights and Sustainable Supply Chain
Roadmap steering committees

✓

✓

S-1 (Human resources)

I&D board, HR Function

✓

✓

S-4 (Aviation safety)

Product Safety Board

✓

✓

G-1 (Business conduct)

Legal, Compliance & Public Affairs Function

✓

✓

Cybersecurity

Security Function

✓

✓

Transverse (Due diligence/overall performance/
reporting/governance)

Sustainability Strategy committee Human
Rights and Sustainable Supply Chain Roadmap
steering committees

✓

✓

During the reporting period, the following sustainability matters structured
across the ESRS were addressed by at least one above-mentioned
committee or management body: climate change, substances of high
concern, material in-sourcing (inflows), waste, water, occupational health
and safety, social dialogue, inclusion and diversity, due diligence and
human rights impacts in the supply chain, product safety, ethics and
compliance, cybersecurity.
The ECSC discussed, amongst other topics, the Company
decarbonisation strategy, substances management strategy, the
in-sourcing of critical raw materials, Company-wide due diligence and
human rights roadmap, including supply chain, inclusion and diversity,
and social value including community impact as well disclosure related
items such as CSRD readiness, including the double materiality
assessment and its outcome.

6.1.1.2.3 	GOV-3: Integration of sustainability-related
performance in incentive schemes

The Company believes the integration of sustainability criteria into its
reward mechanisms is an important means to accelerating its
sustainability ambition. A sustainability criterion - composed in equal
proportions of a CO2 reduction target for Scopes 1&2 aligned with the
Company decarbonisation strategy and an occupational health and safety
related target (FR1) reflecting this other priority in the Company
sustainability journey - is integrated into the common collective
component of the CEO’s variable remuneration, see ”– Corporate
Governance – 2.3 Remuneration Report”. The remuneration scheme is
approved by the Board of Directors, supported by its Remuneration,
Nomination and Governance Committee that analyses scenarios and
benchmarks and proposes targets consistent with Company’s ambition on
the related sustainability matter (see ”– Corporate Governance – 2.3.2
Implementation of the Remuneration Policy in 2024: CEO”). The CEO’s
total direct compensation (”Total Direct Compensation”) comprises a base
remuneration (”Base Salary”), an annual variable short-term remuneration
(”Variable Remuneration” or ”VR”) and an award under the LTI plan (”Long
Term Incentive Plan” or ”LTIP”). Variable Remuneration is made of a
common collective component and individual performance component in
equal proportions. The common collective component includes a
sustainability linked component that is composed in equal proportions of
an occupational health and safety target (FR1) and a CO2 Scopes 1&2
target that has been set as necessary intermediate milestones towards

110

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

the Company’s 2030 Scopes 1&2 target (-63% vs. 2015), which is aligned
with a 1.5° trajectory as validated by the Science Based Targets initiative
(SBTi).
CEO sustainability and climate-related component in
variable short-term remuneration

Unit

2024

Percentage of long-term variable remuneration in
total variable remuneration

%

50%

Percentage of short-term variable remuneration in
total variable remuneration

%

50%

Percentage of collective component in annual
variable short-term remuneration

%

50%

%

20%

Percentage of health and safety related criterion
in collective component

%

10%

Percentage of climate related criterion
(Scopes 1&2) in collective component

%

10%

Percentage of climate related criterion in variable
short-term remuneration

%

5%

Percentage of climate related criterion in total
variable remuneration

%

2.5%

Climate related target - Scopes 1&2 - 2024 VR
(initially -3% before baseline restatement)

%

-2%
(achieved
-11%)

Climate related target - Scopes 1&2 - 2025 VR

%

-3%

Percentage of sustainability criteria in collective
component

These short-term incentivisation mechanisms support the transformation
of the Company and the ongoing cultural shift. The Company is
considering including a sustainability linked component in the LTIP, too.
This principle also applies to the other members of the Executive
Committee who do not serve on the Board of Directors, and to a large
extent to Executives and ”Level IV” managers employed at the Company.
The remuneration of Board members other than the Company CEO does
not include any sustainability performance linked component.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due diligence

The Company has established processes to conduct sustainability due
diligence throughout its business, operations and supply chain to identify
and address the adverse impacts (direct and indirect) of its business
activities. This is an ongoing, iterative and progressively in-depth exercise,
with the amount and depth of due diligence commensurate with the
severity and likelihood of an adverse impact, where more significant ones
(based on severity) are prioritised. The approach taken by the Company in
this respect takes into account the United Nations Guiding Principles for
Business and Human Rights and the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for
Responsible Business Conduct, which covers six steps including:
1. Embedding responsible business conduct
2. Identifying and assessing potential and actual impacts

3. Acting to address, cease, prevent, mitigate or avoid adverse impacts
4. Tracking performance including use of appropriate KPIs and targets
5. Communicating and reporting on findings and performance
6. Cooperating in appropriate remedies
Step 1: Embed responsible business conduct into governance, policies
and management systems
The Company has in place commitments towards respecting human
rights, the environment and health & safety through specific policies,
directives and methods which are embedded into the Company business
management systems and form an integral part of the Company’s risk
management and decision making.

For more on management systems and governance see:
General governance overview

– 6.1.2.1 GOV-1: The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies
– 6.1.2.2 GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the
undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies
– 6.1.2.3 GOV-3: Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes

Environment - policies, management systems and governance

– 6.2.1 Environmental Policy

Health and Safety - policies, management systems and governance

– 6.3.2.3 Own workforce policies (S1-1) and
– 6.3.2.7.1 (Health and Safety) Policies (S1-1)

Human Rights - policies, management systems and governance

– 6.3.1 Social Policies

ERM and Internal Control

– 6.1.2.5 GOV-5: Risk management and internal control over sustainability reporting
– Risk Management and Internal Controls – 3.2 Enterprise Risk Management System,
and – 3.4 Internal Control

Key Company policies, including those shown below, have clear expectations towards its own operations (including controlled affiliates) and suppliers:
Key policies

Related to
Environment

Health and safety

For more information, see
Human rights

Airbus Code of Conduct

✓

✓

✓

– 6.4.1.2 G1-1 Business conduct policies-

Airbus Company Human Rights Policy

✓

✓

✓

– 6.3.1 Social Policies

International Framework Agreement

✓

✓

✓

Airbus Environmental Policy

✓

Airbus Health & Safety Policy
Airbus Supplier Code of Conduct
Airbus Company Human Resources Policy

✓

– 6.3.2.3 Own workforce Policies
– 6.2.1 Environmental Policy

✓

✓

– 6.3.2.7.1 (Health and Safety) Policies

✓

✓

– 6.3.3.3 Policies related to VC workers

✓

✓

– 6.2.1 Environmental Policy

Governance. As detailed in ”– GOV-2: Information provided to and
sustainability matters addressed by the undertaking’s administrative,
management and supervisory bodies”, oversight has been established at
the Board of Directors level through the ECSC. The Company has
developed specific roadmaps (multi-functional teams addressing
cross-functional and cross-divisional sustainability topics amongst other
things) which focus on the main areas where its activities could have
potential human rights, health and safety or environmental impacts,
including the Human Rights Roadmap, the Environmental Roadmap and

the Sustainable Supply Chain Roadmap. Each roadmap considers its
context, stakeholder needs and expectations, compliance obligations,
relevant aspects and impacts, and related risks and opportunities to
define a strategy and objectives within the framework of the company
management system. Other networks within the Company that support
implementation and compliance include for example, the Ethics &
Compliance Representatives Network, the Privacy Network, the
Sustainability National Representatives and Ambassadors Networks and
the Inclusion and Diversity Network. Several functions contribute to the
operational implementation of sustainability due diligence, including

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

111

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

Human Resources, Procurement and Legal & Compliance. Identified and
prioritised existing or potential impacts are recorded within the ERM
exercise and governance follows a similar process as the one existing for
the Company’s top company risks.
Affiliates. All of the Company’s controlled affiliates are expected to deploy
similar internal policies by applying the Company’s directives. Through a
company-wide single digital handbook, the controlled affiliates access the
applicable requirements they are expected to comply with, together with
relevant supporting materials and methods designed to support them in
their operational implementation. Its enforcement is supported by the
Directors’ training programme, as well as on-boarding sessions performed
for newly appointed managing directors of controlled affiliates. The
handbook is built on the basis of Company-related internal policies
including, but not limited to: the Company’s Code of Conduct,
International Framework Agreement, Agreement on the European Works
Council, Supplier Code of Conduct, Health & Safety Policy, Environmental
Policy, the Company’s Anti-Corruption Policy and related methods.
Awareness raising, training and capacity building. Training solutions are
provided to all employees to promote awareness of human rights and the
environment and to enable their integration into business processes and
decision making. Employees identified as working in areas where human
rights are considered high risk are being equipped to address human
rights as appropriate to their role linked to competency requirements. For
example, this includes buyers and supply chain quality managers working
in high risk geographical locations/activities on human rights. In addition,
the Company will endeavour to support suppliers to access topic-specific
training as required if any risks are identified related to human rights or the
environment. In addition, the Company’s overall training offering ranges
from ethics and compliance to export control, health and safety, product
safety, cyber security, internal control, inclusion and diversity, quality and
customer centricity, and other sustainability matters, including general
awareness.
Step 2 : Identify actual and potential adverse impacts
The identification and assessment of actual and potential adverse impacts
is explained in sections referenced below:
Process and Methodology

– 6.1.4.1 IRO-1: Description of the processes to
identify and assess material IROs

Material topic description

– 6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with
strategy and business model

Stakeholder engagement

– 6.1.3.2 SBM-2: Interests and views of
stakeholders

Supply chain
Ensuring respect for human rights, including health and safety, the
environment and ethical business conduct principles is embedded into
how the Company selects, onboards and contracts with its suppliers. This
includes different sustainability screening and checks at different stages
of its engagement with suppliers:
• Prior to being engaged, all the Company’s suppliers are screened for
risks, including related to human rights, the environment and ethical
business conduct, via a third party supplier screening tool. If a ’red flag’
is highlighted for a supplier, an internal review will take place which may
result in escalation depending on the severity of the alert.

112

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

• During the call for tender stage, for certain large contracts above a
minimum threshold, suppliers are required to complete a sustainability
questionnaire to help the Company evaluate their sustainability
maturity.
• Company’s standard procurement contract templates have evolved
to reinforce clauses related to human rights and the environment. This
includes requirements for the Company’s suppliers to comply with
applicable laws and regulations in connection with human rights,
labour and employment, environment and health & safety, to commit to
apply (and cascade throughout their own supply chains) the principles
of the Airbus Supplier Code of Conduct and to comply with other
requirements such as to cooperate with a request for an evidencebased desktop Supplier Maturity Assessment (”SMA”) and/or on-site
assessment conducted by a third party service provider.
• Once a contractual relationship has been established, the Company
identifies supplier sites with the highest human rights, environmental
and business conduct risks through the application of a risk-based
analysis of both the supplier’s geographical location and nature of their
activity using publicly available indices. Following this analysis,
suppliers identified as high risk are required to complete an evidence
based SMA undertaken through a third party service provider. This
assessment covers topics such as labour and human rights, health and
safety, environment, ethics and sustainable procurement. Following
completion of a SMA, if a ’red flag’ is raised - i.e. the Company’s
sustainability expectations are not met -, and depending on the
severity of the risk, the supplier will be requested to prepare an
appropriate action plan to demonstrate how they will cease, mitigate or
prevent the identified risk, or the supplier may be required to undertake
an on-site assessment by a third party service provider. Actions may
also involve coordination/collaboration with sector-specific or
cross-sector initiatives as appropriate. If the Company does not
consider that the action plan is sufficiently progressing, or if actions are
insufficient to prevent or minimise the risk, then the contractual
relationship with that supplier may be reviewed.
The Company also monitors supplier risk on an ongoing basis through its
OpenLine grievance mechanism (which is open to third parties including
workers in its supply chain, see ’Grievance mechanism’ section ”– 6.4.1.2
Business conduct policies and corporate culture (G1-1)”) and informal
channels such as external reports (media/NGO reports) as well as through
visits to supplier sites. If the Company receives substantiated knowledge
of a violation of a human rights or an environmental-related obligation, it
will investigate, without undue delay, to understand the severity and scale
of the violation as well as any required mitigation actions. This
investigation will normally take place through engagement with the
relevant supplier. After investigation, and depending on the severity, the
supplier could be asked to propose follow-up actions as described above
or the Company may require an on-site assessment. For any alerts
identified associated with the supply chain of a supplier, the Company will,
as a priority, require action to be taken via its supplier and will monitor for
implementation of relevant actions.
The Company’s own operations
Expectations related to workers in the Company’s own operations are set
out in the Airbus Company Human Rights Policy (see ”Step 1: Embed
responsible business conduct into governance, policies and management
systems”).

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
The Company regularly checks adherence to international standards and
principles, minimum legal obligations and its own commitments through
on-site assessments, focused on labour and human rights, conducted on
its own sites including the sites of its controlled affiliates. These
assessments are conducted by a third party service provider, consistent
with that used for its supply chain, and sites are prioritised based on the
same analysis of risk including geographical location. The assessments
include a documentation review (including those of any suppliers based
on that site) as well as interviews with direct employees and in-situ
contractors. Any findings raised are discussed with the site’s management
team (or at the Company level if the finding relates to company-wide
actions) and action plans for addressing the findings are agreed, which
includes any appropriate remediation and integration of feedback of
lessons learned such as repeated findings which may require root cause
analysis and systemic changes. Any findings identified in relation to the
suppliers working on a Company site will also trigger an action plan. The
Company aims to close all site findings without undue delay.
In addition, all employees of the Company as well as onsite contractors
are encouraged to report any alerts of concerns through the Company’s
grievance mechanism (see ’Grievance mechanism’, ”– 6.4.1.2 Business
conduct policies and corporate culture (G1-1)”).
Affiliates. See ”– 6.1.2.5 GOV-5: Risk management and internal control
over sustainability reporting” and ”– Corporate Governance – 3.2
Enterprise Risk Management System”.
Ad hoc due diligence. The Company is committed to conducting ad hoc
due diligence when it expects a significantly changed or significantly
expanded risk situation in its own business area or that of a Company’s
supplier, including due to the introduction of significant new products,
projects or business fields.

The Company is committed to promoting open and trusting dialogue
within its own operations, supply chain and with other third parties
including through the following mechanisms. Details are available on the
Company’s intranet (accessible by Company’s employees), the ’contact
us’ section of the Company website or on a separate external website.
Details are also communicated to suppliers through the Airbus Supplier
Code of Conduct.
Key fundamentals supporting an efficient dialogue:
A corporate culture including
SpeakUp & ListenUp values

– 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and
corporate culture (G1-1)

A non retaliation policy

– 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and
corporate culture (G1-1)

An efficient grievance
mechanism, the ”OpenLine”

– 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and
corporate culture (G1-1)

Step 3: Prevent, cease or mitigate impacts
The Company defines and implements measures to prevent, cease or
mitigate adverse impacts based on the nature of the impact, the
Company’s level of involvement in relation to the impact (i.e. whether the
Company has caused, contributed or is directly linked to the adverse
impact through the actions of another party - e.g. direct or indirect
business relationships) and its ability to influence the business relationship
causing the impact. Certain actions undertaken as a direct consequence
of the identification of an existing or potential impact are described in the
previous step, ”Step 2 : Identify actual and potential adverse impacts”.
This is embedded in the following approach:

Table. A number of preventive actions are widely deployed across topics:
The Company

Suppliers

Training

Whistleblowing
system (see
below)

Code of Conduct

Policies/
directives

Contractual terms
and conditions

Whistleblowing
system

Supplier Code of
Conduct

Environment

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Health and Safety

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Human Rights

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Table. Procedures for regularly assessing the situation of relevant subsidiaries, contractors and suppliers can be summarised as follows. Specific
relevant complementary information can be found in the respective topic sections.
The Company

Suppliers

ICSA (Self
assessment)

Internal
assessment/
audit

External audits
(e.g. ISO)

Management
system

Self assessment

Company (or via
3rd party)
assessment

Environment

✓

✓

✓ ISO 14001

✓

✓

✓

Health and Safety

✓

✓

✓ ISO 45001

Human Rights

(1)

(2)

✓

✓

✓

✓

partially

✓

✓

(1,2) Proportion of own workforce currently covered, (1) see ”– 6.2.1 Ploicies”, and (2) see ”– 6.3.2.7.4 Metrics (S1-14)”

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

113

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

The details of specific action plans defined for each salient issue and material topics can be found in the ESRS they are related to:
IROs/ESRS mapping

ESRS2 – 6.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model

Related action plans

ESRS E-1, E-2, E-3, E-5, S-1, S-2, S-4: ”Taking action on material impacts” sections

Step 4: Track & measure effectiveness
Tracking and measuring the effectiveness of its actions, including through
the definition and setting of KPIs and targets, is a key element of the
Company’s due diligence process, including to support continuous
improvement. It aims to assess the effectiveness of its actions, integrating
feedback on lessons learnt to enhance due diligence practice, and
accounting for how the Company addresses its impacts and the results of
such actions to individuals or groups who may be impacted and other
stakeholders including through reporting. Tracking and measuring
effectiveness are included in, for example, the actions of the Company’s
human rights and environment roadmaps, its training programmes, the
assessments conducted in its supplier sites and own sites, with targets set
for the closure of findings and the effectiveness of its grievance

mechanism. Relevant targets and KPIs are a part of the Company’s
internal reporting and are regularly monitored including by the relevant
roadmaps and steering committees as well as at Executive Committee
level. These, together with their associated policies, are integrated into
relevant management systems and governance, as described above, and
that ensure adequate reliability and topic management.
Monitoring system. The table below shows an overview of the monitoring
system in place. Moreover, effectiveness of actions is reviewed
periodically in the respective topical governance bodies, as well as in the
Sustainability Strategy Committee whose scope encompasses all four
topics.

Example of monitored KPIs

Responsible management body

Environment
> Operations
> Use of Products

CO2e Scope 1, 2, Water, Waste
Delivered aircraft CO2 efficiency
metric

Sustainability Organisation/
Environmental Roadmap

Health and Safety

Lost time injury frequency rate

Health and Safety Organisation

ERM, internal control

Human Rights

Nb of social assessments
% of findings closed within 18 months

Sustainability Organisation/Human
Rights Roadmap

ERM, site social
assessmentsnand supply
chain assessments

Supply Chain

Number of risky supplier sites covered Procurement/Sustainable Supply
by at least one dedicated action
Chain Roadmap

Supervising committee

Controls

ERM, internal control

Environment
Committee

Sustainability
Strategy Committee

ERM, external assessments,
self assessments

More detailed descriptions, as well as performance measures and analysis, can be found in the respective topic sections.
IROs/ESRS mapping

ESRS2 6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model

Related metrics and targets

Step 5: Communicating and reporting on progress
The Company reports on progress and performance through various
communication channels, including through its Sustainability Statement.
Stakeholder engagement and collaboration. The Company’s approach
to stakeholder engagement on sustainability matters is described in
”ESRS 2 – 6.1.3.2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders”. Considered
stakeholders include those who have been, or could be, adversely
impacted through the Company’s business activities and/or their relevant
proxies. Where appropriate, the Company will engage with a range of civil
society, peers, specialists and other stakeholders, including those
representing rightsholders and where possible with rightsholders directly,
and including on human rights issues, and will seek feedback on
performance. To support its actions in this respect, the Company is also a
member of the Global Business Initiative for Human Rights, the
Responsible Business Alliance and the Responsible Mineral Alliance. The

114

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

ESRS E-1, E-2, E-3, E-5, S-1, S-2, S-4: ”Targets” and ”Metrics” sections

Company is also an active member of industry trade associations which
regularly hold focused discussions on managing human rights and
environmental-related risks within the aerospace and defence industry.
These include the IAEG (International Aerospace Environmental Group),
BDLI (German Aerospace Industries Association), BDSV (German Industry
Association for Security and Defence), ASD (the Aerospace and Defence
Industries Association of Europe), GIFAS (French Aerospace Industries
Association), ADS (UK Industry Association for Aerospace, Defence,
Security and Space), TEDAE (Tecnológicas de Defensa, Seguridad,
Aeronáutica y Espacio), GICAT (Groupement des industries françaises de
défense et de sécurité terrestres et aéroterrestres) and TechUK (the UK’s
technology trade association).
The Company is a founding member of the IAEG, which is working on
development and promotion of common aerospace industry standards
and tools to help manage environmental obligations and deploy best

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
practices. In 2022, and co-led by the Company, a contract was
established between IAEG and its selected service provider to build a
sectoral approach for supplier assessment which started to be deployed
in 2023 and continued to be deployed in 2024. Taking part in this IAEG
voluntary sectoral framework for Environment, Social and Governance
(ESG) engagement strengthens business resilience and optimises
resources and costs for suppliers.

In addition, an update of the Company’s sustainability approach (including
environment, human rights and health and safety) is regularly presented to
key internal stakeholder groups, including the Airbus SE Works Council
(SE-WC) comprising social partners from across Company’s European
sites, and provides dedicated time for open dialogue and exchange. For
more on stakeholder engagement, see:

Overall approach

ESRS 2 – 6.1.3.2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders

Grievance mechanism

ESRS G-1 – 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate culture (G1-1)

Step 6: Cooperating in appropriate remedy
Remediation. If the Company identifies that it has caused or contributed
to an actual adverse impact within its own operations, supply chain or
other third party business relationship through its business activities,
including through OpenLine or other means, it will endeavour to address
such impacts by providing for or cooperating in appropriate remediation.
This may include enabling remediation that is proportionate to the
significance and scale of the adverse impact, including in cooperation with
relevant stakeholders.

6.1.1.2.5 GOV-5: Risk management and internal control over
sustainability reporting

Risk management and internal control in relation to sustainability reporting
are embedded in the broader Internal Control and ERM systems and
processes described in section ”– 3 Risk Management and Internal
Controls”. The scope covers mainly the preparation of quantified
information, including environmental, occupational health and safety,
social data from sites and their consolidation as well as company wide
calculation-based information such as Scope 3 estimates. Finance-related
information is also covered by Internal Control through controls associated
with the preparation of the financial statements. Furthermore, qualitative
information is covered by a disclosure process from consistency reviews
performed locally and centrally until the review and approval of the
Company’s Disclosure Committee.
The Internal Control model is based on two lines of defence (the third line
of defence being Corporate Audit). At first line, key controls are performed
within the usual process at operational/function level to answer key
systemic risks. Then, a second line testing activity is run in each
accountable function on the key controls to measure their effectiveness
(second line of defence). As it relates to the accuracy of quantitative
environment and social information reported in the framework of the
CSRD, the first line of defence mainly consists in the control of the local
collection of information based on documented procedures and central
consolidation including consistency verifications and comparison against
targets. The second line testing is then performed by the Internal Control
officers of the concerned Functions.
The risk assessment approach as it relates to sustainability information is
focusing on the following main systemic risks: the risk for the Company
not to comply with the reporting directive scope (i.e. double materiality
assessment and review) and the risk of disclosure misstatement (on
quantitative and qualitative data points).
The Internal Control framework and referential are currently under
development on these topics, and prioritisation on the implementation is
based on several criteria including the consideration of internal audits and

external review findings, the results of the former Internal Control yearly
campaigns where the data points were already covered, and the
estimated importance for stakeholders - e.g. remuneration-linked
information.
Current risks identified include the alignment of metrics definition and
preparation with CSRD various requirements, the timely collection and
consolidation of sites related information due to the late availability of
certain information and the integration of new sites into the reporting
perimeter. Such challenges are being addressed through a number of
mitigation actions including a proper and anticipated on-boarding of sites,
a systematic review of internal metric definitions and the on-going
creation of ”ID cards” covering all reported CSRD quantified information.
Current risks identified include as well the consistency of the qualitative
information covered by the disclosure process as described above.
Findings as regards to the sustainability reporting process are
consolidated by the Internal Control team via the yearly Internal Control
campaign and followed up by the respective functional Internal Control
teams to define and monitor necessary action plans and drive continuous
improvement.
The Internal Control Committee is in charge of reviewing the results of the
yearly Internal Control campaign before reporting to the Company’s
Executive Committee and the Board’s Audit Committee.

6.1.1.3 SBM: Strategy
6.1.1.3.1 SBM-1: Strategy, business model and value chain

The Company’s purpose is to ”pioneer sustainable aerospace for a safe
and united world”. The Company designs, manufactures and delivers
aerospace products - including aircraft, helicopters and satellites services and solutions to customers - including commercial airlines,
leasing companies, governments, helicopter operators, space agencies on a worldwide scale helping to create value and drive growth. There have
been no significant changes in either markets and customer groups
served or products or services offered during the reporting period. The
Company is aware of its responsibility to society and future generations,
and contributes to a number of UN Sustainable Development Goals
(”SDGs”) through its core business and how it operates. This chapter
provides key highlights on the Company’s strategy, business model and
value chain.
The Company’s global presence is also reflected through its workforce
repartition - see ”– 6.3.2.6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees
(S1-6)”.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

115

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

Through its portfolio of products and services the Company serves a
number of global markets and customer groups. From a sustainability
perspective, the range of products, including aircraft, helicopters and
satellites, show large commonality in terms of technologies, industrial
operations and supply chain so that no product differentiation is deemed
relevant for associated IROs. Environmental impacts in the downstream
value chain primarily relate to the use of commercial aircraft due to the
energy-intensive nature of their operation associated with the high
number operating of cycles over their lifetime. Differentiation across
customer groups or markets served was not deemed meaningful either.
Accordingly, the Company has set a number of sustainability goals and
objectives that are connected to a number of identified IROs. These
notably include a ”quest to reach zero accidents” related to aviation safety
or the ambition to pioneer sustainable aerospace. The Company aspires
to lead the decarbonisation journey in aerospace. It pioneers advanced
and disruptive technologies while continuously improving the fuel
efficiency of its products. While its sustainability journey remains
ambitious and challenging in many ways that are presented in the topical
ESRS, the Company is committed to reducing the environmental impact of
its products, including through a range of critical strategic pathways such
as exploring new aircraft and propulsion technologies, alternatives to fossil
fuels such as Sustainable Aviation Fuels (”SAF”), and maturing hydrogen
technologies (see ”– 6.2.2.5 Actions (E1-3)”). It is also committed to
improving its environmental performance and, for example, to reducing
emissions through its supply chain, cutting on-site waste and increasing
the recycling capability of aircraft at the end of their service life. The
Company’s products and services, such as its Earth-observation
technologies, allow it to play its part in understanding climate change and
responding to natural disasters.

Neither the Company (including its subsidiaries) nor its joint ventures
develop, produce, or distribute any ”controversial weapons” as listed
within Annex I of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1288
supplementing EU Regulation 2019/2088 (Sustainable Finance
Disclosure Regulation (”SFDR”)) for Principal Adverse Impact indicator
14. This includes biological weapons or chemical weapons (in
accordance with the Biological Weapons Convention and the Chemical
Weapons Convention), cluster munition (Oslo Convention) and antipersonnel mines (Ottawa Treaty). Consequently, the Company does not
have any exposure to the Principal Adverse Impact indicator 14 under the
SFDR criteria.
The Company participates in two joint ventures that contribute to
France’s nuclear deterrence (ArianeGroup and MBDA), including the
production and support of missile systems. These activities are
compliant with the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Company’s reported revenues do not include any revenues relating
to these activities (accounted for using the equity-method) as it does not
have exclusive control of the joint ventures.
Value chain
The Company plays a pivotal role in the global aerospace and defence
value chain, as a manufacturer, systems integrator and service provider.
Its position within the value chain is embedded in the design,
development, production and lifecycle management of aircraft,
helicopters, satellites and related systems.
Design and Development (own operations and upstream in the value
chain). The Company designs its products in-house, focusing notably on
optimising aerodynamics, fuel efficiency, weight reduction, integration of
new technologies and safety. It is highly involved in related research,

116

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

which also implies a close collaboration with a number of stakeholders
such as suppliers - including companies that provide engines, avionics,
materials, and subsystems -, universities and public research institutions
or industry partners.
Manufacturing and Assembly (own operations and upstream in the
value chain). The Company relies on a global supply chain for sourcing
components. These include structural components, avionics, engines and
advanced materials. As an integrator, it operates major assembly plants. At
these facilities, subassemblies and components are integrated into final
products. Commercial aircraft final assembly lines are located across
Europe (Toulouse; Hamburg) and worldwide (Mobile, Alabama; Tianjin,
China; Mirabel, Canada).
Sales, Distribution, and End users (own operations and downstream in
the value chain). The Company acts as a supplier to airlines, governments
and space agencies, taking on a central role in connecting the upstream
product development and manufacturing process to downstream
customers. End-users are essentially passengers and flight crews, who
are respectively customers and own workers of Company’s customers.
Services and Support (own operations and downstream in the value
chain). In addition, the Company provides maintenance, repair, and
overhaul (”MRO”) and other services for commercial, military, and
helicopter operators that support customers’ fleet operations for reliability
and performance. This includes predictive maintenance and spare parts
management services, training and simulation services for pilots,
engineers, and crew members - through training centres and simulators
worldwide -, upgrades and retrofits for existing aircraft and helicopters,
extending their lifespan, improving fuel efficiency, or integrating new
technologies, and end-of-life and recycling services through initiatives
such as TARMAC Aerosave, which specialises in aircraft
decommissioning.
Regulatory and Airworthiness Authorities (entire value chain). The
Company works closely with authorities such as the European Union
Aviation Safety Agency (”EASA”) and the Federal Aviation Agency (”FAA”)
to ensure compliance with safety standards and airworthiness regulations
across its product range, value chain and product life cycle.
Energy value chain (upstream and downstream value chain). As energy
is necessary to operate the Company’s products,the energy value chain is
closely linked with the Company’s business model. This includes
conventional kerosene production as well as SAF production or hydrogen
production, as essential bricks in the Company decarbonisation journey. In
this context, the Company also engages with some actors in the energy
value chain as business partners (see ESRS-E1).
Overall the Company plays a central role and fosters a constant and
consistent dialogue and coordination throughout the value chain,
including with industry associations and policy makers. It is committed to
being a profitable, competitive company that meets customer and
investors expectations and that has the financial strength to invest in the
future of global aerospace and defence.
Focus on supply chain engagement (upstream in the value chain)
The Company relies on a global supply chain, composed of the suppliers
with which the Company contracts supply agreements (”Tier-1”), and the
suppliers of these Tier-1s (”Subtiers” suppliers). It sources services and
products from thousands of suppliers worldwide, including raw materials,

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
engines, systems, aerostructure elements and fuselage sections. The
Company’s daily collaboration with its suppliers supports meeting quality
standards and performance requirements. Long-term contracting or
partnerships also help reduce inflow risks, including related to the timely
delivery of components. The active role of its suppliers will be essential for
the aviation sector’s decarbonisation ambitions and for the Company
sustainability journey more broadly. Accordingly, the Company has
implemented policies and defined engagement plans that are led by its
Sustainable Supply Chain Roadmap.

The Company’s contribution to a more prosperous and sustainable
society goes beyond what it offers directly through its products and
services. For example, as an important player in the aeronautics and
defence industry, the Company contributes significantly to SDG 8 ”Decent Work and Economic Growth” and as a major European defence
manufacturer, the Company also has significant economic impact across
Europe contributing to Europe’s economic prosperity - as highlighted
through ATAG and ASD publications:

While the Company’s products and services are sold all over the world,
the majority of its supply chain is based in Europe and OECD countries.
The Company has established regional procurement offices in North
America (Herndon, Virginia), India (Bangalore), Asia Pacific (Singapore)
and China (Beijing) to support local procurement initiatives. The regional
procurement offices represent the Procurement function in the respective
regions. They are responsible for strategic sourcing, general procurement
and supplier development (procurement operations) while supporting the
application of the Company’s procurement processes, policy and digital
solutions.

Key figures from ATAG 2024 Benefits Beyond Borders - global summary,
available on the Air Transport Action Group website

The Company strives to make environmental and social responsibility a
core element of its procurement strategy. This includes managing the
relationships with suppliers through the different phases of the
procurement process: sourcing strategy definition, supplier selection,
contract management and supplier monitoring and development. The
Company’s Sustainable Supply Chain Roadmap is based on a three-step
approach: supplier commitment, supplier assessment, supplier
engagement and development.
This approach is aligned with the Company due diligence approach (see
”– 6.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due diligence”) and includes: supply base
risk mapping, supplier engagement and contractual requirements,
supplier assessment/audits and development plans, policies, tools and
reporting. As the Company’s commercial aircraft business and its two
Divisions (Airbus Helicopters and Airbus Defence and Space) are certified
ISO 14001, the Procurement function acts in adherence with ISO 14001
requirements.
The depth of the Company’s supply chain increases the complexity and,
in many areas, the difficulty of identifying and addressing impacts both
actual and potential. For instance, reliable information related to the
precise mining sites that provide materials incorporated by an upstream
sub-tier supplier, combined with other materials, into a component of the
Company’s products may be complicated to identify, collect and analyse,
such as the smelters of raw materials that may end up in certain
components that are installed on the Company’s products.
Benefits for customers and society
The Company’s products help to connect economies and enable global
cooperation and partnership: they bring together people and
organisations across the globe, in person with its commercial aircraft and
helicopters, and virtually with its satellites and connectivity solutions. The
Company’s technology and products allow its customers to successfully
master their global and domestic operations and the management of
crises to reduce the risk of escalation. The Company’s products help to
protect citizens, defend sovereignty and advance global security,
therefore contributing to sustainability.

Jobs are supported worldwide by aviation

~86,500,000
3 times

Productivity of such jobs compared to other jobs, on
average
Contribution to global GDP

USD 4.1 trillions
3.9%

% of world economic activity
Key figures from AeroSpace and Defence Industries Association of
Europe,
available on the ASD Europe website

>1,027,000

Jobs supported by the industry across the continent
2023 annual revenue

EUR 290 billions

The Company also contributes to the economic development of the
communities where it operates. Full aerospace ecosystems - bringing
together academia, research centres and corporations, all with high valueadded jobs - often develop around the Company’s sites such as those in
Toulouse, Hamburg or Bristol. This development is accelerated thanks to
the Company’s innovation ecosystem such as Airbus Scale: an innovation
unit that combines Company innovation, start-up engagement and
company-building activities.

6.1.1.3.2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders

The Company is committed to engage in constant meaningful dialogue
with its stakeholders, striving for openness, transparency and
inclusiveness. Key stakeholder groups include, amongst others,
employees, customers, suppliers, industrial partners (including energy
providers), social partners, investors, NGOs, authorities/governments/
policy makers, industry associations, MRO providers, air navigation
service providers (ANSPs), airports, and the community at large. This
approach is supported by the International Aerospace Environmental
Group (IAEG) guidance for the sector.
In line with the governance presented above, each category of
stakeholders is internally assigned to a function that defines the most
adapted way of engaging with, and ensures the consistency and
relevance of the dialogue. In its communications, the Company seeks to
use clear and concise language and works to provide stakeholders with
sufficient information regarding relevant topics in a timely manner. The
Company attempts to improve its stakeholder engagement processes
continuously, including by regularly reviewing and, if necessary, updating
the various principles it observes, to ensure that the dialogue remains
relevant and effective. If a relevant stakeholder requests dialogue, the
Company tries to facilitate this request, unless it does not believe that this
would be in the best interest of the Company and its business, in which
case the Company may reject such request. In case stakeholder dialogue

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

117

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

is already taking place, the Company may terminate such stakeholder
dialogue if the Company believes that continuing such dialogue would not
be in the best interest of the Company and its business.
In addition, it has formalised a number of opportunities to exchange more
widely with its stakeholders. For instance, beyond the materiality
assessment, the Company meets at least twice a year with social partners
to review sustainability topics (see ”– 6.3.2.9 Social dialogue, freedom of
association, and collective bargaining”). It also organises events and
forums, such as the Airbus Supplier Sustainability Council, the Airbus
Capital Market Day and the Airbus Summit to address sustainability topics
with relevant stakeholders. Additionally, it regularly participates in
numerous events such as air shows or conferences, which foster dialogue
on sustainability matters with a large number of external stakeholders
including investors, customers, media, NGOs, institutions, policy makers,
and other industry or value chain partners.
The Company’s dialogue with its stakeholders, in line with the abovementioned principles, helps the Company to progress its sustainability
ambition. For instance, it feeds the Company’s materiality assessment so
that the outcome embeds interest and views of stakeholders together
with other elements of analysis. The Company’s business model is closely
interdependent with those of key stakeholders such as customers,
suppliers, investors so that it integrates and reflects relevant views or
expectations from them. For instance, such dialogue contributes to define
topical roadmaps that are consistent with those of the sector (e.g.
transition plan), and enables the Company to act on feedback (e.g.
aviation safety).
The Company endeavours to take the interests of relevant stakeholders including in connection with the sustainability aspects of the Company’s
strategy - into account, whereby the Company aspires to treat its
stakeholders with respect and dignity and welcomes their perspectives.
Stakeholders’ views are contributing elements into several steps of the
Company due diligence process, including for the impact identification/
materiality assessment, as described for instance in the section ”– 6.1.4.1
IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material IROs”,
the definition of topical ambition and/or action plans, or through alerts
received through the grievance mechanism that trigger systematic
consideration. The Company’s strategy and business model is largely
informed by stakeholders interests through, for example: the design of
products that meet customers’ expectations, including in terms of fuel
consumption/CO2 performance as well as meet certification authorities
requirements in terms of product safety; the consideration of supply chain
capabilities in defining its operating model, through the numerous
partnerships engaged including to support its decarbonisation roadmap
(see ”– 6.2.2.5 Actions (E1-3)”)’ or the constant social dialogue that fosters
working conditions that satisfy its workforce.
When the views of key stakeholders, including on sustainability matters,
have an influence on evolving the Company business or operating model,
relevant information is shared through respective supervisory boards
described in section ”– 6.1.2.2 GOV-2: Information provided to and
sustainability matters addressed by the Company’s administrative,
management and supervisory bodies” and supports decision-making. For
instance, this may take the form of sharing information related to the
materiality assessment or including in topical presentations contextual
information about related relevant stakeholders’ expectations (e.g.

118

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

customer feedback, supply chain perspectives, applicable regulatory
frameworks).
Complementary requirements in topical ESRS - that need to be taken into
account when reporting against the Disclosure Requirements in ESRS 2 on interests, views, and rights of stakeholders specific to certain ESRS are:
S1 Own
workforce

The Company considers the interests, views, and rights of
people in its own workforce, including respect for their human
rights. Its workforce is a key stakeholder group, as well as
social partners. Interests, views and rights of the Company’s
own workforce, including respect for their human rights, inform
the Company’s strategy and business model by being
integrated into the overall due diligence process detailed in
”– 6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due diligence”, and
particularly in the human rights salient issue identification
process and related action plans (see section ”– 6.1.1.3.3
SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and business model”) as well as the
stakeholder engagement process detailed in ”– 6.3.2.4
Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’
representatives about impacts (S1-2)” below. They were also
considered in the creation of the Airbus Company Human
Rights Policy.

S2 Workers Interests, views and rights of the Company’s upstream value
in value
chain workers and in-situ contractors, including respect for
chain
their human rights, inform the Company’s strategy and
business model by being integrated into the human rights
salient issue identification process and related action plans
(see section ESRS 2 ”– 6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks
and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and
business model” below), the stakeholder engagement process
detailed in section ”– 6.3.3.4 Processes for engaging with
value chain workers about impacts (S2-2)” and overall due
diligence process detailed in sections ”– 6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4:
Statement on due diligence” and ”– 6.3.3.6 Taking action on
material impacts on value chain workers, and approaches to
managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities
related to value chain workers, and effectiveness of those
action (S2-4)” further below.
S4
Delivering safe products and supporting their safe operations
Consumers throughout their lifetimes is a constant priority for the
and
Company and an expectation of its customers and end-users.
end-users The Company is in constant dialogue with its customers and
with airworthiness authorities, also representing end-users’
interests, on aviation safety matters in formalised frameworks.
In addition, the Airbus OpenLine (see ”– 6.4.1.2 Business
conduct policies and corporate culture (G1-1)”) is accessible to
any customer or end-user who would like to raise a safetyrelated concern. This dialogue informs many strategic
dimensions including and not limited to product design,
manufacturing, quality and procurement activities.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model
Synthesis of material Impacts, Risks and Opportunities resulting from double materiality assessment:
IRO related (sub)topic
(see table below for IRO full description)

IRO
Impact*

Risk

Value chain
Opport
unity

Own
operations

Up
stream

Down stream

✓
✓
✓

✓
✓
✓

✓

✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

✓

✓

✓
✓
✓
✓

✓
✓

✓

✓

✓
✓

✓

✓
✓
✓

Also described in/
addressed in **

ENVIRONMENT
- Climate change adaptation
- Climate change mitigation
- Energy
- Pollution of air (VOC)
- Substances of (very high) concern
- Pollution of water and of living organisms and food resources ***
- Water withdrawal/consumption (linked to climate change)
- Water - Habitat degradation ***
- Direct impact drivers of biodiversity loss, impacts on the extent and
condition of ecosystems
- Biodiversity loss drivers - pollution ***
- Resource inflow
- Waste

✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

✓
✓
✓

✓

✓
✓

✓
✓

E1/E1
E1/E1
E1/E1
E2/E2
E2/E2
E2/E2
E3/E3
E3/E2
E4/E1

✓

E4/E2

✓

E5/E5
E5/E5

SOCIAL
Own workforce
- Occupational health and safety
- Social dialogue, freedom of association, collective bargaining
- Diversity
Workers in value chain
- Occupational health and safety
- Forced or child labour
- Personal safety of consumers and/or end users

✓
✓
✓

S1/S1
S1/S1
S1/S1

✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

✓

✓

S2/S2
S2/S2
S4/S4

GOVERNANCE
- Corporate culture
- Speak up culture
- Management of relationships with suppliers
- Corruption and bribery

✓
✓
✓
✓

✓
✓
✓
✓

COMPANY SPECIFIC
- Cybersecurity

✓

✓

G1/G1
G1/G1
G1/G1
G1/G1
✓

Cyber/Cyber

* identified impacts relates to negative existing or potential impacts;
** indicates where detailed IRO definition/information related to how these IROs are addressed can be found;
*** in relation to kerosene production.
Not Applicable

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

119

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

IROs description:

ENVIRONMENT
E1 - Climate change

Impact:
Climate Mitigation: The operations at the Company’s facilities and the air transport sector’s
use of aircraft in operations lead to GHG emissions. The Company’s purchased goods and
services contain GHG emissions.
Energy: Energy consumption/mix usage originating from the Company’s facilities, the
suppliers’ facilities and the air transport sector’s use of aircraft in operation lead to GHG
emissions.

Risk:
Climate adaptation: Climate adaptation risk, as detailed in ”– 6.2.2.3 Description of the
processes to identify and assess material climate-related impacts, risks and opportunities
(ESRS 2 IRO-1) and Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy
and business model (ESRS 2 SBM-3)”, includes the risk that the Company or its suppliers may
fail to mitigate the acute or chronic impacts of future climate change on their industrial sites.
Additionally, failure to adapt products to perform effectively under future atmospheric
conditions in a timely manner, relative to the speed of these risks’ onset or time horizon could
lead to production disruptions or a product offering that no longer meets customer
expectations. This could negatively affect financial performance.
Climate mitigation: Climate mitigation risk, detailed in ”– 6.2.2.3 Description of the processes to
identify and assess material climate-related impacts, risks and opportunities (ESRS 2 IRO-1)
and Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business
model (ESRS 2 SBM-3)”, includes the risk that the Company or its suppliers may not meet their
decarbonisation ambitions or the late availability of low emissions technology could lead to,
respectively, investor mistrust or products failing to meet customer expectations. This could
negatively affect financial performance.
Energy: Climate-related energy risk, detailed in ”– 6.2.2.3 Description of the processes to
identify and assess material climate-related impacts, risks and opportunities (ESRS 2 IRO-1)
and Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business
model (ESRS 2 SBM-3)”, includes the risk that renewable and low carbon energy (e.g. SAF,
hydrogen) may not be available in sufficient quantities in the necessary time frames. This could
lead to less air travel and lower demand for aircraft or for future aircraft programmes if not
suited to available energy sources, which could negatively affect financial performance.
E2 - Pollution

Impact:
Pollution of air: Aircraft and aircraft parts painting and cleaning within certain facilities of the
Company lead to volatile organic compound emissions, potentially resulting in air pollution if
adequate mitigation measures are not used.
Pollution of water and living organisms and food resources: Production of aviation fuel in the
downstream value chain may lead to emissions into water, which may contribute to water
pollution and to pollution of living organisms and food resources if adequate mitigation
measures are not used.

Risk:
Substances of (very high) concern: There is a risk that the Company or its suppliers may not be
in a position to substitute substances of concern or of very high concern in due time in
accordance with regulatory requirements. This could lead to business disruption across the
value chain and to the Company not being able to deliver aircraft to its customers, which could
negatively affect financial performance and damage its reputation.
E3 - Water

Impact:
Water - Habitat degradation: See Pollution of water and living organisms and food resources
above.
Risk:
Water consumption and withdrawal: There is a risk that the Company or its suppliers may fail to
mitigate the potential impact of water stress—related to climate change—on water
consumption, usage and withdrawal in their industrial operations, within a timely manner
relative to the onset of such risks. This could lead to production disruptions, which could
negatively affect financial performance.

120

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

E4 - Biodiversity

Impact:
Direct impact drivers of biodiversity loss and impacts on the extent and condition of
ecosystems: the air transport sector’s use of aircraft in operation leads to GHG emissions that
may indirectly impact biodiversity.
Pollution: Production of aviation fuel in the downstream value chain may lead to water
pollution, which may contribute to biodiversity loss if adequate mitigation measures are not
used.
E5 - Resource & circularity

Impact:
Resource inflow: The aviation sector’s use of titanium in the production of aircraft components
represents a relatively high percentage of the resource’s global stock and may affect global
resource availability.
Risk and Opportunity:
Risk - Inflow: The risk of titanium supply disruption could have an impact on aircraft production
and deliveries, which could affect financial performance.
Waste: An opportunity to reduce waste may arise from optimising the recovery of industrial
waste, such as high-value metallic scraps. This could contribute to more efficient industrial
processes and to further secure supply and production, which could contribute to financial
performance.

SOCIAL
S1 - Own workforce

Impact:
Working Conditions - Health and safety: Unidentified weaknesses in health and safety
management measures could allow the Company’s own workforce to work unsafely, which
could cause injury or ill-health from the work environment, process or activity.
Risk:
Working Conditions - Health and safety: Unidentified weaknesses in health and safety
management measures could cause work related injury or ill health that could affect employee
engagement, absence rates or job market attractiveness and cause production disturbances.
Equal Treatment - Diversity: There is a risk that the Company, despite significant efforts and
resources dedicated to workforce diversity, is considered not sufficiently diverse, which could
lead to employee disengagement and lower recruitment attractivity. This could damage its
reputation.
Working Conditions - Social dialogue: There is a risk that the Company does not conduct
appropriate social dialogue, which could lead to strikes and production disruptions, and could
impact working conditions. This could negatively affect financial performance.
S2 - Workers in value chain

Impact:
Working Conditions - Health and safety: Unidentified weaknesses in due diligence and health
and safety management measures could result in the use of suppliers that have inadequate
occupational health and safety management measures potentially causing injury or ill-health
from the work environment, processes or activities.
Child Labour: The use of child labour in the upstream supply chain, including in sourcing raw
materials, may result in harm for the physical and/or mental health of the concerned children.
Forced Labour: The use of forced labour in the upstream supply chain, including in-situ
contractors, may result in harm for the physical and/or mental health of the concerned worker.
S4 - Consumers and End-users

Impact:
Personal safety of consumers and/or end users (Aviation safety): An accident associated with
the operation of an aircraft may result in fatal or serious injury for those on board the
concerned flight (flight crew, passengers).
Risk:
Personal safety of consumers and/or end users (Aviation safety): In addition to the impact
described above, there is a risk that an aircraft accident may have a negative effect on the
public’s or regulators’ perception of the safety of a given class of aircraft, a given airline, a form
of design of aircraft or of air traffic management. This could damage the Company’s reputation
and negatively affect its financial performance.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
G1 - GOVERNANCE
- Corporate culture
- Speak up culture
- Management of relationships with suppliers
- Corruption and bribery

Risk:
Corporate Culture: There is a risk that a dysfunctional and negative corporate culture in the
Company may lead to a lack of shared values, decreased motivation, reduced productivity and
a failure to meet agreed standards and applicable rules. This could negatively affect financial
performance.
Speak up: There is a risk that not being able to maintain an effective speak up culture within
the Company, including protection of whistleblowers, may delay the identification of certain
risks or situations until they have been revealed in the public domain. This could negatively
affect financial performance and damage its reputation.
Supplier relationships: There is a risk that the Company’s numerous suppliers and
subcontractors’ financial health and ability to meet their contractual obligations may be
negatively impacted by internal and external factors, which could lead to operational
disruptions and delivery delays. This could negatively affect financial performance.
Corruption and bribery: There is a risk that ethical misconduct or non-compliance with
applicable anti-bribery laws and regulations by the Company, its employees or any third party
acting on its behalf could expose it to liability. This could negatively affect financial
performance and damage its reputation.

Overall, the Company’s business model, strategy and governance take into account these IROs,
as described in the previous sections of ESRS 2 and summarised in the table below. When
relevant, more information is disclosed in respective topical sections, as referenced in the last
column of the previous table, including how actual or potential impacts are related to the
Company strategy or business model, the nature of activities or operations at stake, how actual or
potential impacts may impact people or the environment action plans, how they are linked to
strategy and business model, means allocated to address them and significant related financial
effects eventually. Time horizons are presented in the respective IROs tables in each ESRS.
As described in the governance section, management of these IROs is integrated into the
Company’s operating model with assigned functional responsibilities. Accordingly, the financial
dimension of topic management, including related to current and foreseeable forward looking
financial resource allocation, is captured in the finance accounting and risk management
processes. Actions related to all material IROs as presented in the respective ESRS were screened
from a financial perspective. Climate mitigation-related actions require significant resources.
Actions associated with addressing other IROs (see respective ESRSs) were deemed to be
embedded in the current Company’s business or operating model and would therefore not
require significant actual or forward-looking CapEx or OpEx. Further related information about
Climate change IROs is presented in ”– 6.2.2 ESRS E1 - Climate change” and in a dedicated note
attached to the financial statements (see: ”– Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
- Note 3. Climate Impacts”). Finance processes also include a long term planning exercise that
factors in significant financial effects including those expected to arise from addressing Climate
change IROs and puts in perspective funding capabilities. This supports assessing the Company
resilience and is used for impairment testing purposes, whose outcome is disclosed in the
financial statements (see: ”– Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 3.
Climate Impacts”).

COMPANY SPECIFIC
- Cybersecurity

Risk:
There is a risk that the materialisation of a cybersecurity risk, including intrusion in systems
leading to data leakage, attacks impacting the resilience of industrial systems and
compromising the development, use or operation of products and services, could lead to
severe damage, including but not limited to significant financial loss, need for additional
investment, contractual or reputational performance degradation, loss of intellectual property,
loss of business data and information, operational business degradation or disruptions, and
product or services malfunctions. This could negatively affect financial performance and
damage its reputation.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

121

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

Overview of how the management of topics related to identified IROs have a noticeable interaction with the Company’s strategy, business and
operating model:
Company business model key dimensions include:

IRO related (sub)topic*:

Product
Sales/
policy &
aftersales
development /services

Industrial
set up

Manufacturing
& logistics

Workforce
& working
conditions

Procurement Processes/BMS

ENVIRONMENT
- Climate change adaptation
- Climate change mitigation
- Energy

✓
✓
✓

✓
✓

- Pollution of air (VOC)
- Substances of (very high) concern
- Pollution of water and of living organisms…**

✓
✓

✓

✓

✓
✓

✓

✓
✓

✓
✓
✓

✓
✓
✓

✓
✓

✓
✓

✓
✓

✓
✓

✓

- Water withdrawal/consumption
- Water - Habitat degradation **
- Direct impact drivers of biodiversity loss and impacts on the
extent and condition of ecosystems
- Biodiversity loss drivers - pollution **

✓

- Resource inflow
- Waste

✓
✓

✓

✓
✓

✓
✓
✓

✓

✓

✓
✓

✓
✓

SOCIAL
Own workforce
- Occupational health and safety
- Social dialogue, freedom of association, collective
bargaining
- Diversity

✓
✓

✓

✓
✓

✓
✓

✓

✓

Workers in value chain
- Occupational health and safety
- Forced or child labour
- Personal safety of consumers and/or end users

✓

✓
✓

✓
✓

✓

✓

✓

✓
✓

✓
✓

✓

✓

✓
✓
✓
✓

✓
✓
✓
✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

GOVERNANCE
- Corporate culture
- Speak up culture
- Management of relationships with suppliers
- Corruption and bribery
COMPANY SPECIFIC
- Cybersecurity

✓

✓

✓

✓

* For detailed IROs description, see respective topical ESRS;
** material impact related to kerosene production.
Not Applicable

6.1.1.4 	IRO: Impact, risk and
opportunity management
6.1.1.4.1 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and
assess material IROs

All CSRD proposed items were assessed through individual analysis at the
lowest granularity (IROs) level. Some company specific potential topics
were added to this assessment universe, such as cybersecurity. For most
environmental subtopics, differentiated assessments were performed
across the value chain: own operations/upstream/downstream. To the
extent such data is available and accurate enough, quantitative scoring
substantiation was systematically preferred to qualitative judgement. The
assessment was documented. Concerned functions or roadmaps were
systematically involved in the process for the topics they are respectively
in charge of, as presented in the governance section. Accordingly, topic

122

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

impact assessment is aligned with the Company Due Diligence process
step related to the identification of impacts, which are then tackled by
respective concerned functions or roadmaps.
Impact materiality, i.e. actual or potential impacts on people and
the environment.
The Company evaluated the actual or potential impact of its activities on
environment and people - e.g. employees, end users, and local
communities. Scoring was established taking into account the severity
(scale, scope, remediability - for negative impacts -) and likelihood of such
impact and using predefined scoring grids. Materiality threshold was
determined considering the associated ”severity vs. likelihood”
combinations deemed relevant to reflect materiality and to support topic
prioritisation. For topics related to potential impacts on people, a high
severity score overruled a low score of likelihood.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
All Company activities and sites are deemed to be considered in this
analysis, with a focus on manufacturing of commercial aircraft activity,
also taking into account the presumed great commonality of sustainability
impact given the similarities in materials used and manufacturing process
for helicopters, military aircraft, and satellites.
The full value chain was considered, with again a focus on the impact
related to the use of commercial aircraft as the magnitude of related
impact was deemed higher given the nature and frequency of operations
in the respective product lifetimes. This analysis also relied on an
understanding of the Company’s own operations, supply chain, or other
business relationships as the presence and severity of potential or actual
adverse impacts is influenced by various factors, such as: the type of
industry, products/services, operations and their associated inherent risks;
the country and operating context, considering for instance publicly
available statistics and indices or the existence of related environmental or
social regulations or relevant voluntary standards and associated
thresholds eventually or other relevant scientific sources of information
(e.g. planet boundaries, environmental exposure atlas...).
Assessment scores were substantiated by quantified data as much as
possible, using a number of sources of information. These include internal
information such as:
• Life Cycle Analysis, information from topical experts, related internal
metrics performance (past or ongoing impacts);
• outputs from third party due diligence, internal control reports, or
information collected during visits to supplier sites;
• elements from findings and alerts from, for example, desktop Supplier
Sustainability Maturity Assessments, onsite assessments (including
social assessments) or from the grievance mechanism;
• inputs obtained as part of stakeholder engagement (see ”– 6.1.1.3.2
SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders”);

of climate scenarios supported the identification of connected impact and
dependencies that eventually led to complementing the risk picture (e.g.
climate technology risk and energy ecosystem risk). More generally the
scrutiny of the Company’s business and operating model
interdependencies with each sub-topic including through exchanges with
topical experts supported the above-mentioned screening.
Double materiality assessment was formally presented to and endorsed
by the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors. It also supports
Internal Control´s prioritisation of work.
Sustainability risks and opportunities are integrated into the ERM system
and processes, including their identification, assessment and
management. Consequently, they are part of the Company risk picture
and addressed as defined by the overall process (see ”– Corporate
Governance – 3.2 Enterprise Risk Management System”). Impacts are
covered by the Company Due Diligence process, as presented in the
related disclosure requirements.
In 2024, the Company updated its double-materiality assessment and
refined its methodology to align it with CSRD requirements, as described
hereinabove. As recommended in the non-binding Implementation
Guidelines for Materiality Assessment, the Company intends to confirm or
review (and update) its material matters once a year by taking into
account: whether or not material changes in the Company’s organisational
and operational structure occurred, whether or not external factors
occurred in the reporting year, and/or whether or not substantial new
information was obtained as the Company progresses in its understanding
of topics and their impacts, risks and opportunities. Depending on the
significance of these events and developments, the Company would
either review the existing DMA or perform a full-scale DMA to ensure the
material sustainability matters are properly reported. The 2025 review
process is likely to include a benchmark analysis derived from first CSRD
reports from other European companies.

as well as external information such as topical and sectoral benchmarks or
public reports, and regulatory thresholds.
Impact materiality assessment was also supported by the engagement
with stakeholders, consistently with the overall stakeholder engagement
approach presented in the dedicated disclosure requirement. This
includes direct consultation of internal and external experts, information
collected from stakeholders through the continuous stakeholder
engagement, and from affected stakeholders or their relevant proxies (eg.
employees through surveys, content of social dialogue, customers
feedback…). The consideration of regulatory thresholds, or topical
standards or reference frameworks were also deemed to represent ’silent’
stakeholders’ interests (e.g. nature).
Impact on the Company or financial materiality
The potential impact of sustainability-related topics on the Company’s
financial performance was assessed by combining -1- a screening and
reassignment of the top company risks and opportunities extracted from
the company’s enterprise risk management (”ERM”) system to
sustainability subtopics assessed following ERM methods and -2- an
exhaustive screening of the CSRD-proposed list of subtopics, for which
both the associated financial impact level and its likelihood were
reassessed. A threshold corresponding to a percentage of EBIT was used,
aligned with the relevance threshold for financial statements, alongside
equivalent qualitative impact types (e.g. Brand, Compliance etc.). The use

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

123

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

Complementary disclosure requirements for specific topical ESRS on the description of the processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and
opportunities:
E1
Climate
change

The Company performed an advanced climate impact and risk assessment. This included the consideration of an analysis of GHG emissions
from own operations, a screening of all Scope 3 categories, that identified the usage of Airbus products (i.e. Scope 3 Category 11 - Use of
Sold Products) as representing a significant proportion of total emissions.
Share of Scope 3 Category 11 - Use of Sold Products emission in total emissions

>90%

The Company also identified climate related risks following a TCFD-aligned approach, that included a screening of its sites and assets
potential vulnerabilities to climate hazards (see ”– 6.2.2.3 Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate-related
impacts, risks and opportunities (ESRS 2 IRO-1) and Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and
business model (ESRS 2 SBM-3)”. Such analyses considered time horizons, assumptions and scenarios (see ”– 6.2.2.2 Transition plan for
climate mitigation (E1-1)”). See ”– 6.2.2 E1 - Climate Change” chapter for full description.
E2 Pollution

IRO identification processes considered all business operations and Company sites and a number of items specific to the topic, including
those mentioned hereafter. The Company has screened the annual declarations made by its sites to local authorities in the context of the
European Pollutant Release and Transfer Register (E-PRTR) regulation.
Number of facilities exceeding the 100 tonnes threshold for VOC emissions listed in the E-PRTR regulation Annex II.

1
(Hamburg)

Impacts in the upstream and downstream value chain have been assessed using the Life Cycle Analysis (LCA) approach, such as the one in
relation with kerosene production. For SOC/SOVHC, risks and opportunities have also been assessed using the register of the Company’s
top company risks, according to the ERM process. This risk notably applies to aircraft manufacturing and is therefore connected to all sites
with such industrial operations and handling chemicals. The materiality assessment did not involve direct consultations with affected
communities.
E3
Water and
marine
resources

124

IRO identification processes considered all business activities and Company sites from which environmental data is collected (see ”– 6.2.4.5
Metrics (E3-4)” and a number of items specific to the topic, including those mentioned hereafter. The Company analysed current and
projected local water stress levels to understand where the Company’s activities have the greatest impact on water resources and where
risks of business disruption linked to restrictions on the use of water are the most significant. This analysis is based inter alia on the World
Resources Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas; this analysis was last updated with the August 2023 update of the Aqueduct Water Risk
Atlas (version 4.0), using the ”baseline” data as well as the 2030 scenarios. This analysis allowed to identify that the Company operates
facilities located in high or extremely high water stress areas in Chile, China, France, Germany, India, Italy, Mexico, Morocco, Portugal, Saudi
Arabia, South Africa, Spain, Thailand, Tunisia, UK, US. It includes sites from Commercial Aircraft, Airbus Helicopters and Airbus Defence and
Space. As for ESRS E2, impacts in the upstream and downstream value chain have been assessed using the Life Cycle Analysis (LCA)
approach. The materiality assessment did not involve consultations with affected communities.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
E4
Biodiversity

The Company is still progressing its understanding of the impact of its activities and those of its value chain on biodiversity. IRO
identification was informed by the IPBES report’s findings that there are five significant drivers of biodiversity loss: changing use of sea and
lands, direct exploitation of organisms, climate change, pollution, and invasive non-native species. Using these five drivers is also prescribed
as a framework for analysis by ESRS E4 and was used by the Company to compile an inventory of potential impacts. It considered a number
of sources of information, amongst which the aircraft Life Cycle Analysis - that notably quantifies impacts related to land use change, soil,
water pollution across the value chain. The indirect impact of climate change appeared as a salient effect on biodiversity as well the indirect
impact of aviation fuel production.
The Company has considered the proximity of its sites relative to biodiversity-sensitive areas and the nature of operations in the value chain,
including existing or potential pollution impacts.
To date, the Company has identified limited dependencies on biodiversity and ecosystems within its value chain, including by screening its
resource inflows and considering its business model, and primarily due to the fact that manufacturing processes mostly rely on mineral or
fossil resources.This limited dependency on ecosystem services as identified to date has not led to the identification of biodiversity-related
material transition, physical or systemic risks to the Company’s own operations.
The Company is reviewing its assessments on an ongoing basis. Going forward, specific attention will be given to the development of SAF
production, particularly those pathways that use crops as feedstock and therefore rely on ecosystem services, striving to get a permanent
understanding of SAF production development and perspectives, including by engaging on that matter with relevant players in the SAF
value chain and industry bodies.
Beyond answering to applicable biodiversity related regulatory requirements that may imply to assess and report to authorities deemed to
represent communities’ interests, the Company did not specifically engage with any community on biodiversity in the frame of its DMA.
Nature of impacts identified, essentially linked to indirect effects of the use of its product on climate change and of the production of
kerosene on the water resource, has not permitted identifying specific communities that would be materially affected. Consequently no
affected communities has been involved in the materiality assessment nor any priority actions for the avoidance of impacts on ecosystem
services relevant to affected communities has been identified. The Company has identified some sites as being located near biodiversitysensitive areas based on whether they were subject to specific biodiversity-related obligations as per local/national applicable regulations,
or otherwise located in or directly adjacent to biodiversity-sensitive areas, including some with manufacturing and flight test activities.
15

Number of sites located near biodiversity-sensitive areas

None of these activities have been associated with a material negative impact on local biodiversity. As a result, measures undertaken in the
frame of addressing negative impacts on climate change were deemed to be equally relevant for biodiversity mitigation.
E5 Resource
use and
circular
economy

IRO identification processes considered all business activities, Company sites and products over their life cycle and a number of items
specific to the topic, including those mentioned hereafter. For resource use- and circular economy-related matters, the Company used the
results of Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) studies conducted on its commercial aircraft products and considered its procurement volumes per
nature of materials covering its overall product portfolio compared with the global resources and specificities related to their sourcing, as
well as related airworthiness constraints and certification requirements. It also ran a detailed analysis of waste generated by the Company,
including per nature and per site views, as well as in the perspective of its manufacturing processes and of their improvements. The
assessment was supported by a number of stakeholders, including a third party expert organisation with experience of identifying and
addressing actual or potential impacts and engaging with potentially impacted rightsholders.

G1 Business
conduct

IRO identification processes considered all business activities and Company sites and a number of items specific to the topic, including
those mentioned hereafter. Specifically on corruption and bribery, the Company annually conducts a thorough business conduct risk
assessment across the Company (based on legal entities), taking into consideration, among others, the Corruption Perception Index
published by Transparency International, the size, the activity or the interaction with third parties of the entity. It also considered relevant
statistics derived from its grievance mechanism and from the outcomes of associated investigations. On other subtopics, the Company
notably considered the amount of lobbying expenses, the amounts spent to its suppliers, related payment terms, as well as the structure of
its supply chain.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

125

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6.1.1.4.2 	IRO-2: Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the
undertaking’s sustainability statement
Some datapoints - or some information - associated with a material topic
may have been omitted as deemed not material information. Such items
were identified through an exhaustive screening of CSRD datapoints and

substantiated by comparing the content of the disclosure requirement
with the actual boundaries of the related material IROs and/or their
relevance in the Company’s context. In certain cases a materiality
threshold was used, and notably for finance related information, as
explained above in ESRS 2 ”– 6.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model”.

Table. List of the Disclosure Requirements vs. paragraphs where the related disclosures are located in the sustainability statement.
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS

Related disclosure(s)

ESRS 2 General Disclosures
BASIS FOR PREPARATION
BP-1: General basis for preparation if the sustainability statement

6.1.1.1.1 BP-1: General basis for preparation of the sustainability statement

BP-2: Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances

6.1.1.1.2 BP-2: Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances

GOVERNANCE
GOV-1: The role of the administrative, management and
supervisory bodies (AM&SB)

6.1.1.2.1 GOV-1: The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies

GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability matters
addressed by the undertaking’s AM&SB

6.1.1.2.2 GOV-2: Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by
the undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies

GOV-3: Integration of sustainability-related performance in
incentive schemes

6.1.1.2.3 GOV-3: Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive
schemes

GOV-4: Statement on sustainability due diligence

6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due diligence

GOV-5: Risk management and internal control over sustainability
reporting

6.1.1.2.5 GOV-5: Risk management and internal control over sustainability reporting

STRATEGY
SBM-1: Strategy, business model and value chain

6.1.1.3.1 SBM-1: Strategy, business model and value chain

SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders

6.1.1.3.2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders

SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and business model(s)

6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with
strategy and business model
6.2.2.1 Climate Change IROs
6.2.3.1 Pollution IROs
6.2.4.1 Water IROs
6.2.5.1 Biodiversity and ecosystems IROs
6.2.6.1 Resource Use and Circular Economy IROs
6.3.2.1 Own workforce IROs
6.3.3.1 Workers in the value chain IROs
6.3.4.1 Consumers and end-users IROs
6.4.1.1 Business Conduct IROs
6.4.2.1 Cybersecurity IROs

DISCLOSURE ON THE MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT PROCESS
IRO-1: Description of processes to identify and assess material
IROs

6.1.1.4.1 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material IROs
6.2.2.3 Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate-related
impacts, risks and opportunities (ESRS 2 IRO-1) and Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model (ESRS 2
SBM-3)

IRO-2: Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the
undertaking’s sustainability statement

6.1.1.4.2 IRO-2: Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s
sustainability statement

126

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
MINIMUM DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS ON POLICIES AND
ACTIONS
MDR-P: Policies adopted to manage material sustainability matters 6.2.1 Policies
6.2.2.4 Policies (E1-2)
6.2.3.2.1 Policies (E2-1)
6.2.3.3.1 Policies (E2-1)
6.2.4.2 Policies (E3-1)
6.2.5.4 Policies (E4-2)
6.2.6.2 Policies (E5-1)
6.3.1 Policies
6.3.2.3 Own workforce Policies (S1-1)
6.3.2.7.1 Policies (S1-1)
6.3.2.8.1 Policies (S1-1)
6.3.2.9.1 Policies (S1-1)
6.3.3.3 Policies related to value chain workers (S2-1)
6.3.4.2 Policies related to consumers and end-users (S4-1)
6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate culture (G1-1)
6.4.2.2 Policies
MDR-A: Actions and resources in relation to material sustainability 6.2.2.5 Actions and resources (E1-3)
matters
6.2.3.2.2 Actions and resources (E2-2)
6.2.3.3.2 Actions and resources (E2-2)
6.2.4.3 Actions and resources (E3-2)
6.2.5.5 Actions and resources (E4-3)
6.2.6.3.1 Actions and resources (E5-2)
6.2.6.4.1 Actions and resources (E5-2)
6.3.2.7.2 Actions and resources (S1-4)
6.3.2.8.2 Actions and resources (S1-4)
6.3.2.9.2 Actions and resources (S1-4)
6.3.3.6 Taking action on material impacts on value chain workers, and approaches
to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to value
chain workers, and effectiveness of those actions (S2-4)
6.3.4.5 Taking action on material impacts on consumers and end-users, and
approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related
to consumers and end-users, and effectiveness of those actions (S4-4)
6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate culture (G1-1)
6.4.1.5 Management of relationships with suppliers (G1-2)
6.4.1.3 Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery (G1-3)
6.4.2.3 Actions and resources
MINIMUM DISCLOSURES REQUIREMENTS ON METRICS AND TARGETS
MDR-M: Metrics in relation to material sustainability matters

6.2.2.7 Energy Consumption and Mix (E1-5)
6.2.2.8 GHG Emissions (E1-6)
6.2.2.9 GHG removals and carbon credits (E1-7)
6.2.3.2.4 Metrics (E2-5)
6.2.3.3.4 Metrics (E2-4)
6.2.4.5 Metrics (E3-4)
6.2.6.4.3 Metrics (E5-5)
6.3.2.6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees (S1-6)
6.3.2.9.4 Metrics (S1-8)
6.3.2.8.4 Metrics (S1-9)
6.3.2.7.4 Metrics (S1-14)
6.3.4.6 Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive
impacts and managing material risks and opportunities (S4-5) and metrics
6.4.1.3 Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery (G1-3)
6.4.1.4 Incidents of corruption or bribery (G1-4)
6.4.1.6 Payment practices (G1-6)
6.4.2.5 Metrics

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

127

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

MDR-T: Tracking effectiveness of policies and actions through
targets

6.2.2.6 Targets (E1-4)
6.2.3.2.3 Targets (E2-3)
6.2.3.3.3 Targets (E2-3)
6.2.4.4 Targets (E3-3)
6.2.5.6 Targets and metrics related to biodiversity and ecosystems (E4-4)
6.2.6.3.2 Targets (E5-3)
6.2.6.4.2 Targets (E5-3)
6.3.2.7.3 Targets (S1-5)
6.3.2.8.3 Targets (S1-5)
6.3.2.9.3 Targets (S1-5)
6.3.3.7 Targets related to material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts,
and managing material risks and opportunities (S2-5)
6.3.4.6 Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive
impacts and managing material risks and opportunities (S4-5) and metrics
6.4.2.4 Targets

ESRS 1 - CLIMATE CHANGE
ESRS 2 General disclosures

See above

Governance
o Disclosure requirement related to ESRS 2 GOV-3 Integration of
sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes

6.1.1.2.3 GOV-3: Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive
schemes

Strategy
o Disclosure Requirement E1-1 – Transition plan for climate change 6.2.2.2 Transition plan for climate change mitigation (E1-1)
mitigation
o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-3 – Material
6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with
impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy strategy and business model
6.2.2.3 Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate-related
and business model
impacts, risks and opportunities (ESRS 2 IRO-1) and Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model (ESRS 2
SBM-3)
Impact, risk and opportunity management
o Disclosure requirement related to ESRS 2 IRO-1 – Description of
the processes to identify and assess material climate-related
impacts, risks and opportunities

6.1.1.4.1 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material IROs
6.2.2.3 Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate-related
impacts, risks and opportunities (ESRS 2 IRO-1) and Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model (ESRS 2
SBM-3)

o Disclosure Requirement E1-2 – Policies related to climate change 6.2.1 Policies
mitigation and adaptation
6.2.2.4 Policies (E1-2)
o Disclosure Requirement E1-3 – Actions and resources in relation 6.2.2.5 Actions and resources (E1-3)
to climate change policies
Metrics and targets
o Disclosure Requirement E1-4 – Targets related to climate change 6.2.2.6 Targets (E1-4)
mitigation and adaptation
o Disclosure Requirement E1-5 – Energy consumption and mix

6.2.2.7 Energy Consumption and Mix (E1-5)

o Disclosure Requirement E1-6 – Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total
GHG emissions

6.2.2.8 GHG Emissions (E1-6)

o Disclosure Requirement E1-7 – GHG removals and GHG
mitigation projects financed through carbon credits

6.2.2.9 GHG removals and carbon credits (E1-7)

o Disclosure Requirement E1-8 – Internal carbon pricing

6.2.1.10 Internal carbon pricing (E1-8)

128

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
ESRS E2 - POLLUTION
ESRS 2 General disclosures

See above

Impact, risk and opportunity management
o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 IRO-1 – Description of 6.1.1.4.1 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material IROs
the processes to identify and assess material pollution-related
impacts, risks and opportunities
o Disclosure Requirement E2-1 – Policies related to pollution

6.2.1 Policies
6.2.3.2.1 Policies (E2-1)
6.2.3.3.1 Policies (E2-1)

o Disclosure Requirement E2-2 – Actions and resources related to 6.2.3.2.2 Actions and resources (E2-2)
pollution
6.2.3.3.2 Actions and resources (E2-2)
Metrics and targets
o Disclosure Requirement E2-3 – Targets related to pollution

6.2.3.2.3 Targets (E2-3)
6.2.3.3.3 Targets (E2-3)

o Disclosure Requirement E2-4 – Pollution of air, water and soil

6.2.3.2.4 Metrics (E2-5)
6.2.3.3.4 Metrics (E2-5)

ESRS E3 - WATER AND MARINE RESOURCES
ESRS 2 General disclosures

See above

Impact, risk and opportunity management
o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 IRO-1 – Description of 6.1.1.4.1 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material IROs
the processes to identify and assess material water and marine
resources-related impacts, risks and opportunities
o Disclosure Requirement E3-1 – Policies related to water and
marine resources

6.2.1 Policies
6.2.4.2 Policies (E3-1)

o Disclosure Requirement E3-2 – Actions and resources related to 6.2.4.3 Actions and resources (E3-2)
water and marine resources
Metrics and targets
o Disclosure Requirement E3-3 – Targets related to water and
marine resources

6.2.4.4 Targets (E3-3)

o Disclosure Requirement E3-4 – Water consumption

6.2.4.5 Metrics (E3-4)

ESRS E4 - BIODIVERSITY AND ECOSYSTEMS
ESRS 2 General disclosures

See above

Strategy
o Disclosure Requirement E4-1 – Transition plan and consideration 6.2.5.2 Transition plan and consideration of biodiversity and ecosystems in
of biodiversity and ecosystems in strategy and business model
strategy and business model (E4-1)
o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-3 – Material
6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with
impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy strategy and business model
and business model Impact, risk and opportunity management
6.2.5.3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy
and business model (SBM-3)
o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 IRO-1 Description of
processes to identify and assess material biodiversity and
ecosystem-related impacts, risks and opportunities

6.1.1.4.1 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material IROs

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

129

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

o Disclosure Requirement E4-2 – Policies related to biodiversity
and ecosystems

6.2.1 Policies
6.2.5.4 Policies (E4-2)

o Disclosure Requirement E4-3 – Actions and resources related to 6.2.5.5 Actions and resources (E4-3)
biodiversity and ecosystems
Metrics and targets
o Disclosure Requirement E4-4 – Targets related to biodiversity
and ecosystems

6.2.5.6 Targets and metrics related to biodiversity and ecosystems (E4-4)

o Disclosure Requirement E4-5 – Impact metrics related to
biodiversity and ecosystems change

6.2.5.6 Targets and metrics related to biodiversity and ecosystems (E4-4)

ESRS E5 - RESOURCE USE AND CIRCULAR ECONOMY
ESRS 2 General disclosures

See above

Impact, risk and opportunity management
o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 IRO-1 – Description of 6.1.1.4.1 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material IROs
the processes to identify and assess material resource use and
circular economy-related impacts, risks and opportunities
o Disclosure Requirement E5-1 – Policies related to resource use
and circular economy

6.2.1 Policies
6.2.6.2 Policies (E5-1)

o Disclosure Requirement E5-2 – Actions and resources related to 6.2.6.3.1 Actions and resources (E5-2)
resource use and circular economy
6.2.6.4.1 Actions and resources (E5-2)
Metrics and targets
o Disclosure Requirement E5-3 – Targets related to resource use
and circular economy

6.2.6.3.2 Targets (E5-3)
6.2.6.4.2 Targets (E5-3)

o Disclosure Requirement E5-5 – Resource outflows

6.2.6.4.3 Metrics (E5-5)

ESRS S1 - OWN WORKFORCE
ESRS 2 General disclosures

See above

Strategy
o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-2 – Interests and 6.1.1.3.2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders
views of stakeholders
6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with
o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-3 – Material
impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy strategy and business model
and business model Impacts, risks and opportunities management
o Disclosure Requirement S1-1 – Policies related to own workforce 6.3.1 Policies
6.3.2.3 Own workforce policies (S1-1)
6.3.2.7.1 Policies (S1-1)
6.3.2.8.1 Policies (S1-1)
6.3.2.9.1 Policies (S1-1)
o Disclosure Requirement S1-2 – Processes for engaging with own 6.3.2.4 Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’ representatives
workers and workers’ representatives about impacts
about impacts (S1-2)
o Disclosure Requirement S1-3 – Processes to remediate negative 6.3.2.5 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own workers to
impacts and channels for own workers to raise concerns
raise concerns (S1-3)

130

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
o Disclosure Requirement S1-4 – Taking action on material impacts 6.3.2.7.2 Actions and resources (S1-4)
on own workforce, and approaches to mitigating material risks and 6.3.2.8.2 Actions and resources (S1-4)
pursuing material opportunities related to own workforce, and
6.3.2.9.2 Actions and resources (S1-4)
effectiveness of those actions
Metrics and targets
o Disclosure Requirement S1-5 – Targets related to managing
material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and
managing material risks and opportunities

6.3.2.7.3 Targets (S1-5)
6.3.2.8.3 Targets (S1-5)
6.3.2.9.3 Targets (S1-5)

o Disclosure Requirement S1-6 – Characteristics of the
undertaking’s employees

6.3.2.6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees (S1-6)

o Disclosure Requirement S1-8 – Collective bargaining coverage
and social dialogue

6.3.2.9.4 Metrics (S1-8)

o Disclosure Requirement S1-9 – Diversity metrics

6.3.2.8.4 Metrics (S1-9)

o Disclosure Requirement S1-14 – Health and safety metrics

6.3.2.7.4 Metrics (S1-14)

ESRS S2 - WORKERS IN THE VALUE CHAIN
ESRS 2 General disclosures

See above

Strategy
o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and
views of stakeholders

6.1.1.3.2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders

o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-3 Material
6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with
impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy strategy and business model
and business model Impact, risk and opportunity management
6.3.3.1 Workers in the value chain IROs
o Disclosure Requirement S2-1 – Policies related to value chain
workers

6.3.1 Policies
6.3.3.3 Policies related to value chain workers (S2-1)

o Disclosure Requirement S2-2 – Processes for engaging with
value chain workers about impacts

6.3.3.4 Processes for engaging with value chain workers about impacts (S2-2)

o Disclosure Requirement S2-3 – Processes to remediate negative 6.3.3.5 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for value chain
impacts and channels for value chain workers to raise concerns
workers to raise concerns (S2-3)
o Disclosure Requirement S2-4 – Taking action on material
impacts on value chain workers, and approaches to managing
material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to value
chain workers, and effectiveness of those actions

6.3.3.6 Taking action on material impacts on value chain workers, and approaches
to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to value
chain workers, and effectiveness of those action (S2-4)

Metrics and targets
o Disclosure Requirement S2-5 – Targets related to managing
material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and
managing material risks and opportunities

6.3.3.7 Targets related to material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts,
and managing material risks and opportunities (S2-5)

ESRS S4 - CONSUMERS AND END-USERS
ESRS 2 General Disclosures

See above

Strategy
o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-2 – Interests and 6.1.1.3.2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders
views of stakeholders

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

131

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-3 – Material
6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with
impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy strategy and business model
and business model
6.3.4.1 Consumer and end-user IROs
6.3.4.1.2 ESRS 2 SBM-3 – Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and business model
Impact, risk and opportunity management
o Disclosure Requirement S4-1 – Policies related to consumers and 6.3.1 Policies
end-users
6.3.4.2 Policies related to consumers and end-users (S4-1)
o Disclosure Requirement S4-2 – Processes for engaging with
consumers and end users about impacts

6.3.4.3 Processes for engaging with consumers and end-users about impacts
(S4-2)

o Disclosure Requirement S4-3 – Processes to remediate negative 6.3.4.4 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and
impacts and channels for consumers and end-users to raise
end-users to raise concerns (S4-3)
concerns
o Disclosure Requirement S4-4 – Taking action on material
impacts on consumers and end-users, and approaches to
managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities
related to consumers and end-users, and effectiveness of those
actions

6.3.4.5 Taking action on material impacts on consumers and end-users, and
approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related
to consumers and end-users, and effectiveness of those actions (S4-4)

Metrics and targets
o Disclosure Requirement S4-5 – Targets related to managing
material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and
managing material risks and opportunities

6.3.4.6 Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing positive
impacts and managing material risks and opportunities (S4-5) and metrics

ESRS G1 - BUSINESS CONDUCT
ESRS 2 General disclosures

See above

Governance
o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 GOV-1 – The role of
the administrative, supervisory and management bodies Impact,
risk and opportunity management

6.1.1.2.1 GOV-1: The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies

o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 IRO-1 – Description of 6.1.1.4.1 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material IROs
the processes to identify and assess material impacts, risks and
opportunities
o Disclosure Requirement G1-1– Corporate culture and business
conduct policies and corporate culture

6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate culture (G1-1)

o Disclosure Requirement G1-2 – Management of relationships
with suppliers

6.4.1.5 Management of relationships with suppliers (G1-2)

o Disclosure Requirement G1-3 – Prevention and detection of
corruption and bribery

6.4.1.3 Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery (G1-3)

Metrics and targets
o Disclosure Requirement G1-4 – Confirmed incidents of
corruption or bribery

6.4.1.4 Incidents of corruption or bribery (G1-4)

o Disclosure Requirement G1-6 – Payment practices

6.4.1.6 Payment practices (G1-6)

COMPANY SPECIFIC - CYBERSECURITY
ESRS 2 General disclosures

132

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

See above

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
Strategy
o Disclosure Requirement related to ESRS 2 SBM-3 – Material
6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with
impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy strategy and business model
and business model Impacts, risks and opportunities management
o Policies

6.4.2.2 Policies

o Taking action, and effectiveness of those actions

6.4.2.3 Actions and resources

Metrics and targets
o Targets related to managing material negative impacts,
advancing positive impacts, and managing material risks and
opportunities

6.4.2.4 Targets

o Metrics

6.4.2.5 Metrics

Table. Datapoints that derive from other EU legislations

Disclosure Requirement and related
datapoint

SFDR(1) reference

ESRS 2 GOV-1
Board’s gender diversity
paragraph 21 (d)

Indicator number 13
of Table #1 of
Annex 1

ESRS 2 GOV-1
Percentage of board members who are
independent paragraph 21 (e)

Pillar 3(2) reference

Benchmark
Regulation(3)
reference

EU Climate
Law(4)
reference

Sustainability Statement

Commission
Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816(5),
Annex II

6.1.1.2.1 GOV-1: The role of the
administrative, management and
supervisory bodies

Delegated
Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816,
Annex II

6.1.1.2.1 GOV-1: The role of the
administrative, management and
supervisory bodies

ESRS 2 GOV-4
Statement on due diligence
paragraph 30

Indicator number 10
Table #3 of Annex 1

6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due
diligence

ESRS 2 SBM-1
Involvement in activities
related to fossil fuel activities
paragraph 40 (d) i

Indicators
Article 449a Regulation (EU) Delegated
Regulation (EU)
No 575/2013;
number 4
2020/1816,
Table #1 of Annex 1 Commission
Implementing Regulation
Annex II
(EU) 2022/2453(6) Table 1:
Qualitative information on
Environmental risk
and Table 2: Qualitative
information on Social risk

Not material

ESRS 2 SBM-1
Involvement in activities
related to chemical
production paragraph 40 (d) ii

Indicator number 9
Table #2 of Annex 1

Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816,
Annex II

Not material

ESRS 2 SBM-1
Involvement in activities
related to controversial
weapons paragraph 40 (d) iii

Indicator number 14
Table #1 of Annex 1

Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1818(7),
Article 2(1)
Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816,
Annex II

Not material

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

133

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

Disclosure Requirement and related
datapoint

SFDR(1) reference

Pillar 3(2) reference

Benchmark
Regulation(3)
reference

EU Climate
Law(4)
reference

Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1818, Article
12(1) Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816,
Annex II

ESRS 2 SBM-1
Involvement in activities
related to cultivation and
production of tobacco
paragraph 40 (d) iv

Not material

Regulation
(EU)
2021/1119,
Article 2(1)

ESRS E1-1
Transition plan to reach
climate neutrality by 2050
paragraph 14

Sustainability Statement

6.2.2.2 Transition plan for climate
change mitigation (E1-1)

Article 449a Regulation (EU) Delegated
No 575/2013; Commission Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818,
Implementing Regulation
(EU) 2022/2453 Template 1: Article 12.1 (d) to
(g), and
Banking book-Climate
Article 12.2
Change transition risk:
Credit quality of exposures
by sector, emissions and
residual maturity
Indicator number 4 Article 449a Regulation (EU) Delegated
No 575/2013; Commission Regulation
Table #2 of
(EU) 2020/1818,
Implementing Regulation
Annex 1
Article 6
(EU) 2022/2453
Template 3: Banking book
– Climate change transition
risk: alignment metrics
Indicator number 5
Table #1 and
Indicator n. 5
Table #2 of Annex 1

6.2.2.2 Transition plan for climate
change mitigation (E1-1)

Indicator number 5
Table #1 of Annex 1

6.2.2.7 Energy Consumption and Mix
(E1-5)

Indicator number 6
ESRS E1-5
Table #1 of Annex 1
Energy intensity associated with
activities in high climate impact sectors
paragraphs 40 to 43

6.2.2.7 Energy Consumption and Mix
(E1-5)

ESRS E1-1
Undertakings excluded from
Paris-aligned Benchmarks
paragraph 16 (g)

ESRS E1-4
GHG emission reduction targets
paragraph 34

ESRS E1-5
Energy consumption from fossil
sources disaggregated by sources
(only high climate impact sectors)
paragraph 38
ESRS E1-5 Energy
consumption and mix
paragraph 37

ESRS E1-6
Gross Scope 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG
emissions paragraph 44

134

Indicators
number 1 and 2
Table #1 of
Annex 1

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Article 449a; Regulation
(EU) No 575/2013;
Commission Implementing
Regulation (EU) 2022/2453
Template 1: Banking book –
Climate change transition
risk: Credit quality of
exposures by sector,
emissions and residual
maturity

Delegated
Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818,
Article 5(1), 6
and 8(1)

6.2.2.6 Targets (E1-4)

6.2.2.7 Energy Consumption and Mix
(E1-5)

6.2.2.8 GHG Emissions (E1-6)

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
Disclosure Requirement and related
datapoint

ESRS E1-6
Gross GHG emissions
intensity paragraphs 53 to 55

SFDR(1) reference

Pillar 3(2) reference

Benchmark
Regulation(3)
reference

EU Climate
Law(4)
reference

Regulation
(EU)
2021/1119,
Article 2(1)

ESRS E1-7
GHG removals and carbon credits
paragraph 56
ESRS E1-9
Exposure of the benchmark portfolio to
climate-related physical risks
paragraph 66

Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1818, Annex
II Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816,
Annex II

Sustainability Statement

6.2.2.8 GHG Emissions (E1-6)

Article 449a Regulation (EU) Delegated
Indicators
No 575/2013; Commission Regulation
number 3
(EU) 2020/1818,
Table #1 of Annex 1 Implementing Regulation
Article 8(1)
(EU) 2022/2453
Template 3: Banking book
– Climate change transition
risk: alignment metrics

6.2.2.9 GHG removals and carbon
credits (E1-7)

Phased-in

ESRS E1-9
Disaggregation of monetary amounts
by acute and chronic physical risk
paragraph 66 (a)
ESRS E1-9
Location of significant assets at
material physical risk paragraph 66 (c).

Article 449a Regulation (EU)
No 575/2013; Commission
Implementing Regulation
(EU) 2022/2453 paragraphs
46 and 47; Template 5:
Banking book - Climate
change physical risk:
Exposures subject to physical
risk.

Phased-in

ESRS E1-9
Breakdown of the carrying value of its
real estate assets by energy-efficiency
classes paragraph 67 (c).

Article 449a Regulation (EU)
No 575/2013; Commission
Implementing Regulation
(EU) 2022/2453 paragraph
34; Template 2:Banking book
-Climate change transition
risk: Loans collateralised by
immovable property - Energy
efficiency of the collateral

Phased-in

ESRS E1-9
Degree of exposure of the portfolio to
climate- related opportunities
paragraph 69

Delegated
Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818,
Annex II

Phased-in

ESRS E2-4
Amount of each pollutant listed in
Annex II of the E-PRTR Regulation
(European Pollutant Release and
Transfer Register) emitted to air, water
and soil, paragraph 28

Indicator number 8
Table #1 of Annex 1
Indicator number 2
Table #2 of Annex 1
Indicator number 1
Table #2 of Annex 1
Indicator number 3
Table #2 of Annex 1

6.2.3.3.4 Metrics (E2-5)
(Air pollution - VOC)

ESRS E3-1
Water and marine resources
paragraph 9

Indicator number 7
Table #2 of Annex 1

6.2.4.2 Policies (E3-1)

ESRS E3-1
Dedicated policy paragraph 13

Indicator number 8
Table 2 of Annex 1

6.2.4.2 Policies (E3-1)

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

135

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

Disclosure Requirement and related
datapoint

SFDR(1) reference

Pillar 3(2) reference

Benchmark
Regulation(3)
reference

EU Climate
Law(4)
reference

Sustainability Statement

ESRS E3-1
Sustainable oceans and seas
paragraph 14

Indicator number 12
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material

ESRS E3-4
Total water recycled and reused
paragraph 28 (c)

Indicator
number 6.2
Table #2 of Annex 1

6.2.4.5 Metrics (E3-4)

Indicator number 6.1
ESRS E3-4
Total water consumption in m3 per net Table #2 of Annex 1
revenue on own operations paragraph
29

6.2.4.5 Metrics (E3-4)

ESRS 2- SBM-3 - E4
paragraph 16 (a) i

Indicator number 7
Table #1 of Annex 1

6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts,
risks and opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
6.2.5.3 Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction
with strategy and business model
(SBM-3)

ESRS 2- SBM-3 - E4
paragraph 16 (b)

Indicator number 10
Table #2 of Annex 1

6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts,
risks and opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
6.2.5.3 Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction
with strategy and business model
(SBM-3)

ESRS 2- SBM-3 - E4
paragraph 16 (c)

Indicator number 14
Table #2 of Annex 1

6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts,
risks and opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
6.2.5.3 Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction
with strategy and business model
(SBM-3)

ESRS E4-2
Sustainable land/agriculture practices
or policies paragraph 24(b)

Indicator number 11
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material

ESRS E4-2
Sustainable oceans/seas practices or
policies paragraph 24 (c)

Indicator number 12
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material

ESRS E4-2
Policies to address
deforestation paragraph 24 (d)

Indicator number 15
Table #2 of Annex 1

Not material

ESRS E5-5
Non-recycled waste
paragraph 37 (d)

Indicator number 13
Table #2 of Annex 1

6.2.6.4.3 Metrics (E5-5)

ESRS E5-5
Hazardous waste and
radioactive waste paragraph 39

Indicator number 9
Table #1 of Annex 1

6.2.6.4.3 Metrics (E5-5)
(Radioactive waste - Not material)

136

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
Disclosure Requirement and related
datapoint

SFDR(1) reference

Pillar 3(2) reference

Benchmark
Regulation(3)
reference

EU Climate
Law(4)
reference

Sustainability Statement

ESRS 2- SBM-3 - S1
Risk of incidents of forced
labour paragraph 14 (f)

Indicator number 13
Table #3 of Annex I

Not material

ESRS 2- SBM-3 - S1
Risk of incidents of child labour
paragraph 14 (g)

Indicator number 12
Table #3 of Annex I

Not material

ESRS S1-1
Human rights policy
commitments paragraph 20

Indicator number 9
Table #3 and
Indicator number 11
Table #1 of Annex I

6.3.1 Policies
6.3.2.3 Own workforce
Policies (S1-1)
Delegated
Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816,
Annex II

ESRS S1-1
Due diligence policies on issues
addressed by the fundamental
International Labor Organisation
Conventions 1 to 8,
paragraph 21

6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due
diligence
6.3.1 Policies

ESRS S1-1
processes and measures for
preventing trafficking in
human beings paragraph 22

Indicator number 11
Table #3 of Annex I

Not material

ESRS S1-1
workplace accident
prevention policy or
management system
paragraph 23

Indicator number 1
Table #3 of Annex I

6.3.1 Policies
6.3.2.7.1 Policies (S1-1)

ESRS S1-3
grievance/complaints
handling mechanisms
paragraph 32 (c)

Indicator number 5
Table #3 of Annex I

6.3.2.5 Processes to remediate
negative impacts and channels for
own workers to raise concerns
(S1-3)
6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies
and corporate culture (G1-1)

ESRS S1-14
Number of fatalities and
number and rate of work- related
accidents paragraph 88 (b) and (c)

Indicator number 2
Table #3 of Annex I

ESRS S1-14
Number of days lost to
injuries, accidents, fatalities or illness
paragraph 88 (e)

Indicator number 3
Table #3 of Annex I

ESRS S1-16
Unadjusted gender pay gap
paragraph 97 (a)

Indicator number 12
Table #1 of Annex I

ESRS S1-16
Excessive CEO pay ratio
paragraph 97 (b)

Indicator number 8
Table #3 of Annex I

Not material

ESRS S1-17
Incidents of discrimination
paragraph 103 (a)

Indicator number 7
Table #3 of Annex I

Not material

Delegated
Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816,
Annex II

6.3.2.7.4 Metrics (S1-14)

6.3.2.7.4 Metrics (S1-14)

Delegated
Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816,
Annex II

Not material

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

137

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

Disclosure Requirement and related
datapoint

SFDR(1) reference

ESRS S1-17 Non-respect of UNGPs on Indicator number 10
Business and Human Rights and OECD Table #1 and
Indicator n. 14 Table
Guidelines paragraph 104 (a)
#3 of Annex I

ESRS 2- SBM-3 – S2
Significant risk of child
labour or forced labour in the value
chain paragraph 11 (b)

Indicators number
12 and n. 13 Table
#3 of Annex I

ESRS S2-1
Human rights policy
commitments paragraph 17

Indicator number 9
Table #3 and
Indicator n. 11 Table
#1 of Annex 1
Indicator number 11
and n. 4 Table #3 of
Annex 1

ESRS S2-1 Policies related to
value chain workers
paragraph 18
ESRS S2-1 Non-respect of UNGPs on
Business and Human Rights principles
and OECD guidelines
paragraph 19

Indicator number 10
Table #1 of Annex 1

ESRS S2-1
Due diligence policies on issues
addressed by the fundamental
International
Labor Organisation
Conventions 1 to 8,
paragraph 19
ESRS S2-4
Human rights issues and incidents
connected to its upstream and
downstream value chain
paragraph 36

Indicator number 14
Table #3 of Annex 1

ESRS S3-1
Human rights policy
commitments paragraph 16

Indicator number 9
Table #3 of Annex 1
and Indicator
number 11 Table #1
of Annex 1

ESRS S3-1
Indicator number 10
non-respect of UNGPs on Business and Table #1 Annex 1
Human Rights, ILO principles or OECD
guidelines paragraph 17

138

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Pillar 3(2) reference

Benchmark
Regulation(3)
reference

Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816, Annex
II Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1818
Art 12(1)

EU Climate
Law(4)
reference

Sustainability Statement

Not material

6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts,
risks and opportunities and their
interaction with strategy and
business model
6.3.3.1 Workers in the value chain
IROs
6.3.1 Policies
6.3.3.3 Policies related to value
chain workers (S2-1)
6.3.1 Policies
6.3.3.3 Policies related to value
chain workers (S2-1)
Delegated
Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816,
Annex II Delegated
Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818,
Art 12(1)

6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due
diligence
6.3.1 Policies

Delegated
Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816,
Annex II Delegated
Regulation
(EU) 2020/1818,
Art 12(1)

6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due
diligence
6.3.1 Policies

6.3.3.6 Taking action on material
impacts on value chain workers, and
approaches to managing material
risks and pursuing material
opportunities related to value chain
workers, and effectiveness of those
action (S2-4)
Not material

Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1816, Annex
II Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1818,
Art 12(1)

Not material

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.1 General Information

6
Disclosure Requirement and related
datapoint

SFDR(1) reference

Pillar 3(2) reference

Benchmark
Regulation(3)
reference

EU Climate
Law(4)
reference

Sustainability Statement

ESRS S3-4
Human rights issues and incidents
paragraph 36

Indicator number 14
Table #3 of Annex 1

Not material

ESRS S4-1 Policies related to
consumers and end-users
paragraph 16

Indicator number 9
Table #3 and
Indicator number 11
Table #1 of Annex 1

6.3.1 Policies
6.3.4.2 Policies related to
consumers and end-users (S4-1)

ESRS S4-1
Non-respect of UNGPs on Business
and Human Rights and OECD
guidelines paragraph 17

Indicator number 10
Table #1 of Annex 1

ESRS S4-4
Human rights issues and incidents
paragraph 35

Indicator number 14
Table #3 of Annex 1

6.3.4.5 Taking action on material
impacts on consumers and
end-users, and approaches to
managing material risks and
pursuing material opportunities
related to consumers and endusers, and effectiveness of those
actions (S4-4)

ESRS G1-1
United Nations Convention against
Corruption
paragraph 10 (b)

Indicator number 15
Table #3 of Annex 1

6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies
and corporate culture (G1-1)

ESRS G1-1
Protection of whistleblowers paragraph 10 (d)

Indicator number 6
Table #3 of Annex 1

6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies
and corporate culture (G1-1)

ESRS G1-4
Indicator number 17
Table #3 of Annex 1
Fines for violation of anti-corruption
and anti-bribery laws paragraph 24 (a)

ESRS G1-4
Indicator number 16
Standards of anti- corruption and anti- Table #3 of Annex 1
bribery paragraph
24 (b)

Delegated
Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816,
Annex II Delegated
Regulation (EU)
2020/1818,
Art 12(1)

Delegated
Regulation
(EU) 2020/1816,
Annex II)

6.3.1 Policies
6.3.4.2 Policies related to
consumers and end-users (S4-1)

6.4.1.4 Incidents of corruption or
bribery (G1-4)

6.4.1.4 Incidents of corruption or
bribery (G1-4)

(1) Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector (Sustainable Finance Disclosures
Regulation) (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1).
(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU)
No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation ”CRR”) (OJ L 176,27.6.2013, p. 1).
(3) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1).
(4) Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 2021 establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending Regulations (EC) No 401/2009
and (EU) 2018/1999 (’European Climate Law’) (OJ L 243, 9.7.2021, p. 1).
(5) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1816 of 17 July 2020 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the explanation in the
benchmark statement of how environmental, social and governance factors are reflected in each benchmark provided and published (OJ L 406, 3.12.2020, p. 1).
(6) Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 of 30 November 2022 amending the implementing technical standards laid down in Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/637 as regards the
disclosure of environmental, social and governance risks (OJ L 324,19.12.2022, p.1.).
(7) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/1818 of 17 July 2020 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards minimum standards for EU
Climate Transition Benchmarks and EU Paris-aligned Benchmarks (OJ L 406, 3.12.2020, p. 17).

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

139

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6.2 Environmental Information
6.2.1 Policies
Environmental policy

The Airbus Environmental Policy outlines the Company’s guiding
principles, vision, mission, and associated initiatives relating to
environmental sustainability. This policy applies to the Company’s own
operations, therefore including to affiliates where the Company owns
more than half of the voting rights or has the right to appoint the majority
of the Board directors. It also covers the Company’s employees and
contractors while at its sites or at work under its responsibility.
The policy acknowledges that our planet is facing substantial challenges
such as climate change, water, soil and air pollution, resource scarcity and
loss of biodiversity. It mandates the development of products and services
that minimise environmental impacts, particularly addressing climate
change, pollution, and resource use. To enable such an ambition, the
Company has set a number of environmental targets, as presented in the
respective ESRS. They relate both to the Company’s own operations (e.g.
GHG emissions, from both stationary sources and mobile sources including flight test and logistics -, energy - including the use of energy
sources -, water, waste management, VOC) and its value chain (e.g. GHG
emissions of sold products) and cover material impacts.
Compliance with applicable environmental regulations and maintaining the
ISO 14001:2015 Certified Environmental Management System (EMS) are
integral components of the Company’s commitment to its environmental
stewardship. The Company’s environmental strategy is implemented
operationally by dedicated multifunctional teams at corporate and/or
divisional level. These cover topics such as industrial and site impact,
product operation, supply chain and substances. In addition, the
Company’s ISO 14001 certified EMS notably applies the standard
recommendations for pollution control audits, training, risk assessment
and identification, implementation of risk prevention procedures
(emergency plans, simulation exercises). For example, sites shall conduct
an analysis of environmental aspects and impacts at least every three
years, as well as each time a material change in operations occurs, also in
connection with the Company’s ERM process. While the EMS sets
requirements, actual deployment, concrete means and measures are
managed at site level and adapted to the nature of a site’s industrial
activities and to applicable regulations. For instance, in Toulouse and
linked to flight test activities, concerned employees systematically follow
dedicated training sessions, including on instructions for fuel handling or
on procedures to follow in case of an incident. Also, each year, more than
five spill-related emergency situations (e.g. a kerosene leak or a firefighting water spill) are conducted to test defined emergency plans. At
least one emergency situation is performed in coordination with local
authorities.
EMS certification coverage

% employees covered by ISO 14001 certified EMS

Unit

2024

%

90%

In addition, an increasing number of sites, including for instance in Spanish
sites and Marignane, are certified ISO 50001:2018 for energy management
and therefore apply embedded requirements such as running energy
audits that enable the identification of improvements or the deployment of
related training for concerned employees.

140

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

The policy is based on principles including integrity, innovation,
sustainability, and engaging stakeholders throughout the value chain that
aim to inform all decisions, actions and practices in the scope of the
Company’s environmental roadmap. The Company commits to complying
with its obligations under environmental regulations and standards,
minimising environmental impacts through responsible decision-making,
leveraging advanced technologies for continual improvement, and
integrating environmental, societal, and economic considerations into its
business strategy. The policy places significant emphasis on stakeholder
collaboration, engaging with suppliers and the aerospace sector to
encourage sustainable practices and promote responsible environmental
management within the supply chain. A lifecycle perspective is adopted,
considering environmental impacts - including GHG and air emissions,
pollution, water, circularity, and other dimensions - from product design to
end-of-life. The Company invests in lifecycle assessments (LCA) for
environmental impact accounting associated with a specific product, in
accordance with the requirements specified in the ISO 14040 standard.
LCA studies have been finalised for all commercial aircraft products
delivered in 2024. In addition, the Company is deploying frameworks
enabling design choices to reduce the footprint of operations, projects
and products and optimise aspects such as product end-of-life
management and critical raw materials usage. For instance, environmental
assessments are being used to assist the research and technology
decision-making processes related to commercial aircraft activities. The
Defence and Space Division also uses LCA as part of the development of
the Sentinel satellites that are built for the European Space Agency.
The monitoring process within Airbus Environmental Policy involves
several key components:
• compliance monitoring of the Company’s adherence to its obligations
under environmental laws, regulations, and standards;
• performance evaluation committed to the continuous improvement of
environmental reporting and performance evaluation processes;
• stakeholder engagement to strengthen cooperation and
communication with both internal and external stakeholders, for
instance with suppliers, customers, industry bodies,
• and risk management to anticipate legislative changes and effectively
manage compliance risks to maintain robust environmental standards.
Employees’ awareness, training and competence management is another
key dimension supporting the proper deployment of the policy throughout
the organisation and embedded in the Company’s business management
system. Under the oversight of the Human Resource function,
competence gaps are identified and addressed through dedicated training
schemes.
The Chief Sustainability Officer is accountable for the policy. The policy
development followed the related requirements of the ISO 14001:2015
Standard. It is available to all employees, and a policy statement signed by
the CEO is available on the Company’s public website. Environmental
operations are led by the Sustainability organisation, whose role is to
guide the business on environmental matters and to set the policy and
deploy, drive and improve the EMS throughout the Company.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
6.2.2 ESRS E1 - Climate change
6.2.2.1 Climate Change IROs
The following IROs were identified for climate change:

ESRS

(sub-)topic

ESRS E1
Climate
change

Climate
change
mitigation

ESRS E1
Climate
change

Impact, risk or
opportunity

Location in the value
chain

Description

Time horizon

Actual negative
impact

The operations at the Company’s facilities and the air
transport sector’s use of aircraft in operations lead to GHG
emissions. The Company’s purchased goods and services
contain GHG emissions.

Short-term,mid-term and
long-term

Own Operations,
Upstream,
Downstream (Use
of Products)

Energy

Actual negative
impact

Energy consumption/mix usage originating from the
Company’s facilities, the suppliers’ facilities and the air
transport sector’s use of aircraft in operation lead to GHG
emissions.

Short-term, mid-term and
long-term

Own Operations,
Upstream,
Downstream (Use
of Products)

ESRS E1
Climate
change

Climate
change
adaptation

Physical risk

Own Operations,
Upstream,
Downstream (Use
of Products)

ESRS E1
Climate
change

Climate
change
mitigation

Transition risk

See ”– 6.2.2.3 Description
of the processes to
identify and assess
material climate-related
impacts, risks and
opportunities (ESRS 2
IRO-1) and Material
impacts, risks and
opportunities and their
interaction
with strategy
The climate mitigation risk includes the risk that the Company
or its suppliers may not meet their decarbonisation ambitions and business model (ESRS
or the late availability of low emissions technology could lead 2 SBM-3)”
to, respectively, investor mistrust or products failing to meet
customer expectations. This could negatively affect financial
performance.

ESRS E1
Climate
change

Energy

Risk

The energy-related risk includes the risk that renewable and
low carbon energy (e.g. SAF, hydrogen) may not be available
in sufficient quantities in the necessary time frames. This
could lead to less air travel and lower demand for aircraft or
for future aircraft programmes if not suited to available energy
sources, which could negatively affect financial performance.

Own Operations,
Downstream (Use
of Products)

The climate adaptation risk includes the risk that the
Company or its suppliers may fail to mitigate the acute or
chronic impacts of future climate change on their industrial
sites. Additionally, failure to adapt products to perform
effectively under future atmospheric conditions in a timely
manner, relative to the speed of these risks’ onset or time
horizon could lead to production disruptions or a product
offering that no longer meets customer expectations. This
could negatively affect financial performance.

6.2.2.2 Transition plan for climate change
mitigation (E1-1)
In line with the Company’s purpose, ”pioneering sustainable aerospace for
a safe and united world”, and its aim to lead the transition of the air
transport sector towards the goal set by the International Air Transport
Association (IATA), Air Transport Action Group (ATAG) and International
Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) to reach ’net zero carbon emissions by
2050’, the Company’s foremost ambition is to play a leading role in the
decarbonisation of the aviation sector. This includes developing
technologies for the next generations of commercial aircraft, and the
ambition to bring a commercially viable, fully electric, hydrogen-powered
commercial aircraft into service.
Based on the International Energy Agency (IEA) remaining global carbon
budget and the share it allocates to air transport, air transport can grow at
up to a certain level and meet the Paris Agreement objectives. This relies

Own Operations,
Upstream,
Downstream (Use
of Products)

in part on technological developments to improve the fuel efficiency of air
transport, in which the Company and its suppliers have a role to play. This
approach also echoes ”net-zero carbon emissions by 2050” ambitions
from international sectoral bodies such as the ATAG, as well as the UN
specialised civil aviation body, ICAO. This is consistent with the
Company’s near-term target setting, covering all three scopes of
emissions, and with its core product policy that focuses on developing
and delivering more efficient aircraft while engaging with the energy
ecosystem.
The Company has set combined near-term targets to reduce its GHG
emissions (please refer to ”– 6.2.2.6 Targets (E1-4)” for a detailed
description) that are validated by the SBTi as being science-based and
aligned with limiting global warming to 1.5°C for Scopes 1 and 2 and with
well-below 2°C for Scope 3 relating to the use of its commercial aircraft in
service (Scope 3 Use of Sold Products (Cat 11)). This is in accordance with
SBTi’s criteria and recommendations for near-term targets.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

141

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

Share of Company’s Commercial business segment Scope 3 Use
of Sold Products emissions

Board of Directors. Regular updates on the progress of this plan are
presented to the Board’s ECSC.

Unit

In overall Commercial business segment emissions (all
scopes)

%

>95%

In overall Company emissions (all scopes)

%

>90%

The Company has defined the following decarbonisation levers in order to
ensure that its business model and strategy remain compatible with the
transition to a sustainable economy (for more details, see ”– 6.2.2.5
Actions (E1-3)”):

The Company’s Scope 3 Use of Sold Products CO2 intensity projections
(CO2/RPK) are related to the Company’s delivered commercial aircraft in a
given year (2015/2035) over the entire life of service.
To achieve its GHG emission targets, the Company has developed a
transition plan of climate mitigation actions. The plan is structured into
decarbonisation levers and sub-levers, which cover innovation in the
Company’s product and service portfolio, its own operations, and in the
Company’s value chain. A diverse range of factors of different climate
scenarios have been considered to detect relevant environmental,
societal, technology, market and policy-related developments and
determine decarbonisation levers. For more details on the usage of
scenarios, please refer to the ”– 6.2.2.3 Description of the processes to
identify and assess material climate-related impacts, risks and
opportunities (ESRS 2 IRO-1) and Material impacts, risks and opportunities
and their interaction with strategy and business model (ESRS 2 SBM-3)”
hereafter. Key actions within each decarbonisation lever are detailed in the
section ”– 6.2.2.5 Actions (E1-3)”.

CO2 emissions (in millions of tons)

The integration of the decarbonisation levers across all of the Company’s
business activities, coupled with the focus on enhancing efficiency in its
products, translates the objectives of the transition plan into the
Company’s business model and strategy. The potential of technological
levers to support the compatibility of the Company’s business model with
the transition to a sustainable economy and with the limiting of global
warming to 1.5°C in line with the Paris Agreement and the objective of
achieving climate neutrality by 2050 are based on its experience and
expertise in the field of commercial aviation in collaboration with industrial
partners such as engine manufacturers. Energy and SAF related levers are
informed by the sector’s work on the topic as well as elements drawn from
IEA scenarios and regulatory frameworks around the world. The transition
plan has been approved by the Company’s Executive Committee and the

Decarbonisation lever #2 - Renewable energy (Scopes 1&2). This
decarbonisation lever focuses on switching to renewable energy through
Power Purchase Agreements (PPA) (stationary), developing local site
renewable energy generation (stationary), and uptake of SAF in its internal
operations - logistics and flight tests - (mobile).
Decarbonisation lever #3 - Technology improvement introduction
(Scope 3). This decarbonisation lever focuses on the continuous
improvement of the latest generation aircraft as well as developing next
generation aircraft that are more fuel efficient than current models.
Decarbonisation lever #4 - SAF uptake (Scope 3). This decarbonisation
lever focuses on fostering the development of the SAF ecosystem,
contributing to the setting of industry standards for fuels, and developing
aircraft that are 100% SAF capable.
Decarbonisation lever #5 - Operations improvement (Scope 3). This
decarbonisation lever focuses on developing the Commercial Aircraft
portfolio of services aimed at supporting customers in reducing emissions
arising from the usage of commercial aircraft, in collaboration with
relevant actors in the air transport sector (e.g. Air Traffic Management).
The last three decarbonisation levers refer to the Company’s Scope 3 use
of sold products. They imply a close collaboration with many players in the
aviation and energy sectors and are consistent with the aviation sector’s
long-term aspirational decarbonisation goal of reaching ”net-zero carbon
emissions” by 2050, as illustrated on the following chart.

The aviation industry’s roadmap towards "carbon neutral emissions"
by 2050
2,500
2,000

Estimated "what if" before fleet
replacement (frozen 2019
average emissions)

1,500

Disruptive technology

1,000

Operations & Infrastructures
Sustainable Aviation Fuels

500
0

142

Decarbonisation lever #1 - Energy efficiency (Scopes 1&2). This
decarbonisation lever focuses on increasing building (stationary) energy
efficiency and mobile energy efficiency.

Offsetting
2020

2030

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

2040

2050

Sector’s net zero 2050
aspirational goal

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
In October 2022, the aspirational objective of ”net zero carbon emissions”
in 2050 for international civil aviation operations was adopted by a vast
majority of ICAO member states. This political commitment paves the way
for the transformation of the aviation sector, ensuring a level playing field
at international level and it will accelerate the development of mitigation
measures such as fleet renewal, aircraft and engine technologies,
alternative energy carriers such as SAF or green hydrogen, and the
enhancements of the operational practices and air traffic management.
The Company fully supports this international long-term aspirational goal.
The Company’s activities are not excluded by the EU’s Paris-aligned
benchmark framework.
Investing in the future
The Company’s total Research and Development budget (see table
below) is mainly split between - but not limited to - investments in
incremental developments of the Company’s current product portfolio
which is required to maintain its competitiveness, including from a fuel/
CO2 efficiency perspective, as well as investment in the development of
breakthrough technologies (e.g. hydrogen based systems, electric
machines, energy storage and distribution) that are required for future
products.

EU Taxonomy. See ”– 6.2.7 EU taxonomy - Disclosures pursuant to
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (Taxonomy Regulation)” The
Commercial Aircraft business of the Company is covered by the EU
Taxonomy under the activity ”3.21 Manufacturing of Aircraft” of the
environmental target of climate change mitigation (see ”– 6.2.7 EU
taxonomy - Disclosures pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852
(Taxonomy Regulation)”). The Company has not utilised the instrument of
CapEx/OpEx plans to align its economic activities with the technical
screening criteria. The ”Manufacturing of Aircraft” criteria includes a
transition period until January 1st, 2028, after which alignment will depend
on the clarification by the sector and relevant certification agencies for a
fuel standard of ”100% SAF” specifications and the Company’s ability to
certify its commercial aircraft products accordingly. As such, the
Company is not able to anticipate the evolutions of the alignment of its
economic activities in future years.
Locked-in GHG emissions
Locked-in GHG emissions - Products. For products (AR.3.(b)), the
locked-in GHG emissions are considered equal to Scope 3 - Category 11,
Use of sold products for the current year and future Scope 3 emissions of
aircraft currently in the order book. Please refer to section ”– 6.2.2.8 GHG
Emissions (E1-6)”.

Key figures

Unit

2024

Research and development spent

Bn € 3.250

Total OpEx (R&D) meeting EU Taxonomy technical
screening criteria for substantial contribution to climate
change mitigation objective (also referred to as ”Alignment
assessment - conditional use of substances” in
section ”– 6.2.7.3”)

Bn € 1.440

Of which, reported as aligned (OpEx) in the EU Taxonomy
report

Bn €

0

Total CapEx meeting EU Taxonomy technical screening
criteria for substantial contribution to climate change
mitigation objective (also referred to as ”Alignment
assessment - conditional use of substances” in
section ”– 6.2.7.3”)

Bn €

1.472

Of which, reported as aligned (CapEx) in the EU Taxonomy
report

Bn €

0

Locked-in GHG emissions - Assets. Emissions from all key assets are
tracked by the Company’s environmental reporting. Future emissions are
calculated based on local energy network assumptions and taking into
account the decarbonisation levers (as described above) and the impact
of industrial production evolution. Locked-in GHG emissions for these
assets are calculated as the sum of yearly residual emissions until 2030,
with further efforts being required for evaluating the locked-in GHG
emissions until 2050. Locked-in emissions were taken into account when
GHG emission reduction targets were set. For more details on how the
Company plans to manage its GHG-intensive and energy intensive assets
and products, refer to the ”– 6.2.2.2 Transition plan for climate mitigation
(E1-1)” and ”– 6.2.2.5 Actions (E1-3)”.

See ”– 6.2.7 EU taxonomy - Disclosures pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852
(Taxonomy Regulation)”

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

143

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

Tracking progress and performance
Scope 1 & 2 market-based
GHG emissions

Unit

Target year Target value

% vs
baseline

Baseline
year

Baseline
value

2024 value

2023 value

YoY change

2024 vs.
baseline

Company (SBTi approved)

ktCO2e

2030

467

-63%

2015

1,262

614

675

-9%

-51%

”TCO scope”

ktCO2e

2024

581

-2%

2023

592

524

592

-11%

-11%

(1)

Assumptions and (1): see ”Scope of reporting and methodology” in ”– 6.2.2.8 GHG Emissions (E1-6)”

1000

766

1500

750

1000

Deliveries

ktons CO2e - Scopes 1&2

2000

Scopes 1&2 GHG emissions have decreased, exceeding the yearly target
(see table), primarily due to five factors: a production adjustment during
the year, clement weather conditions especially during winter, emission
factor updates as well as savings from the increased usage of SAF and
biofuels in own operations and the increased purchase of renewable
electricity. This supports the trajectory towards the 2030 target, that
integrates expected upcoming aircraft production ramp-up.

500

614
500

250

-63% vs 2015

0

2024

2015

2030

0

Fig. CO2 performance

Scope 3 GHG intensity
Commercial aircraft

Unit

gCO2e/km.pax

Intensity SBTi approved target
Number of delivered aircraft
Of which, incl. in scope 3 commercial aircraft

Target
year

2035

No.
No.

Target
value

48.0

% vs
baseline

-46%

Baseline
year

2015

Baseline
value

88.8

2024
value

2023
value

YoY
change

766
764

735
732

4%

61.1

62.9

-3%

2024 vs.
baseline

-31%

Scope: Company’s commercial aircraft
Assumptions: see ”– 6.2.2.8 GHG Emissions (E1-6)”

Efficiency metric evolution (gCO2/km.pax)
SAF uptake as per IEA-SDS scenario

100

Actual deliveries’ average lifetime efficiency
Target
Linear extrapolation to target

88.8
75

61.1
50

25

0
2015

144

2020

2025

2030

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

2035

Since 2015, the improvement of commercial aircraft Scope 3 efficiency measured through this metric - was largely supported by significant
investments into new aircraft technology and designs, as well as by
projected SAF uptake impact to a lower extent. Given the variable time
horizons of each of the five decarbonisation pathways presented above, it
is expected that the forecasted increase of SAF used by airlines in the
coming decades will have a decisive impact for achieving this target by
2035. In order to be able to check how actual global penetration of SAF is
consistent with its target related assumptions, the Company is developing
the means to monitor actual availability and use of SAF and the resulting
impact on aircraft emissions. The Company’s initial approach to develop a
tool that has proven insufficient and the Company is now considering
alternative options. One such option is to rely on aviation industry
recognised metrics being developed. For instance, IATA is maturing its
analytical capability to monitor SAF consumption through direct reporting
from airlines.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
Key figure

Est. annual SAF production, as per IATA report *

Unit

2024

tonnes

1 million

* ”Fact Sheet - Sustainable Aviation Fuels” dated Dec 9th 2024 available on IATA website

For more information on the progress in implementing the transition plan,
refer to section ”– 6.2.2.5 Actions (E1-3)”.

6.2.2.3 Description of the processes to identify
and assess material climate-related
impacts, risks and opportunities (ESRS 2
IRO-1) and Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with
strategy and business model
(ESRS 2 SBM-3)
Following the TCFD recommendations, the Company has defined a range
of temperature scenarios (1.5°C, well-below 2°C and >3°C) to represent
different climate realities based upon the global scenarios of the
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (”IPCC” - Assessment Report
6 (”AR6”)) and the International Energy Agency (”IEA”). The scenario
analysis is used to identify financial and operational risks and opportunities
related to climate change that may begin to impact the Company in the
short-term, medium-term and long-term so that the Company can work to
increase the resilience of its assets and operations in order to mitigate and
adapt to climate change. The short-term time horizon (”ST”, considering
the current year and up to two years thereafter) focuses on the ongoing
production and ramp-up plans to increase production to 75 single-aisle
aircraft per month by 2027 whilst the mid-term time horizon (”MT”, around
2035) relates to the assets and activities linked to the transition period
between the current and next generation of commercial aircraft products.
The long-term time horizon (”LT”, around 2050) is used to anticipate future
climate-related risks during the production of the next generation of
products. The Company uses Shared Socio-economic Pathways (SSPs)
that were developed for the latest Assessment Report (AR6) of the IPCC.
SSPs are standard scenarios in climate science that describe coherent
and internally consistent socio-economic futures based on drivers like
population, economic growth, and technological advancement.
Physical risks
The Company has conducted an analysis of climate-related physical risks,
considering all 28 physical climate risks or hazards indicated by the
European Taxonomy for sustainable activities and the CSRD (ESRS E1).
Some climate-related hazards are deemed low priority considering the
sector or the geographical coverage of the Company’s activities and are
therefore excluded from the analysis. Nevertheless, the Company is
continuously reviewing its exposure to these hazards and their
prioritisation. The analysis takes into account the Company’s assets and
business activities over the previously described medium-term and
long-term time horizons as the most relevant for this assessment,
comparing projected evolutions compared to a baseline defined as the
average of values between 1985 and 2014. The short term time horizon
was considered not relevant for this assessment as short term climate
related hazards are typically covered through business continuity plans on
site level (mostly EHS related) and insurance policies.

The most relevant scenario for these projections is the ”Disorderly
mitigation – Warming exceeding 3°C”, based on IPCC Scenarios AR6
SSP3-7.0/SSP5-8.5 and ensures that physical climate risk analysis results
align with the latest state of climate science. This scenario represents the
highest emissions among all SSPs and, according to the best estimate of
the IPCC, leads to global warming of 4.4°C by the end of the century. The
physical risks in this scenario are the most pronounced, making it a
”worst-case” scenario for physical hazards. It assumes current levels of
CO2 emissions and greenhouse gases will almost double by 2050. The
world economy grows rapidly, but this growth is driven by fossil fuel
exploitation and very energy-intensive lifestyles. The SSP5-8.5 scenario
describes a future characterised by continued industrialisation and
economic growth, with global markets becoming increasingly integrated
and global mobility increasing. The total final energy demand rises steeply,
and no additional climate policy measures are assumed. The scenario
particularly explores the limits to adaptation and the climate physical risks
that may impact the Company’s operations and its value chain.
Projections of relevant climate parameters, such as temperature, wind
speed, and precipitation are used to identify climate hazards. Each hazard
is clearly defined within the risk analysis and supplemented with climate
parameters used to identify the hazard. Some hazards, such as ”changing
wind patterns” and cyclones, are assessed based on areas where they are
known to occur (local identification) rather than climate projections as no
scientific consensus has been reached regarding their evolution in terms
of frequency and geography. Scientifically-based thresholds are defined
for all hazards to determine the point at which they are severe or frequent
enough to cause material damage.
The assessment results indicate that a majority of the Company’s
locations may be subject to high or very high risks by 2050, particularly
regarding ”heat stress” and ”water stress”.
The Company has implemented a comprehensive approach to analysing
climate change-related physical risks and consists of two main parts.
Firstly, a desktop analysis has been conducted for 355 locations of the
Company and a preliminary vulnerability assessment for about 30,000
supplier locations. This involves a location-specific analysis based on geocoordinates and information about the economic activities at each
location to generate site-specific climate projections. These projections
are then compared with predefined, scientifically-based thresholds for
each hazard. Depending on the hazard, the magnitude, duration,
likelihood, or extent is used to assess exposure, as described under ESRS
E1 AR 11 (a). The biggest limitation in the scenario analysis is the current
generation of climate models’ inability to simulate all 28 hazards.
Consequently, the analysis for certain hazards, including solifluction, land
subsidence, thawing of permafrost, glacial lake outburst, saltwater
intrusion, landslide, and coastal erosion, relies on historical data rather
than climate projections.
Secondly, the desktop analysis is complemented by an on-site analysis to
further refine the identified risk factors. This involves assessing the
vulnerability of the Company’s business activities, existing assets and
industrial set up at each location to each hazard and determining whether
the occurrence of each hazard would negatively and significantly impact
business operations. A physical gross risk for a location is identified if it is
both exposed to a site-specific hazard and the business activity is
vulnerable to this hazard.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

145

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

Transition risks
The transition events were examined for their impact on the scenario and
their business relevance for the Company. If both factors were present,
these events were subjected to further analysis to determine their short-,
medium-, and long-term impacts. The three time horizons described at
the beginning of this section are applied to the identification of transition
risks.
The climate-related transition risks and opportunities identification
process involves defining transition events according to categories such
as Environment, Technology, Social, Political, and Economic based on
specific scenarios and time horizons. The transition risks and
opportunities are identified based on the transition events’ severity on
business activities with function representatives, and quantified according
to likelihood, magnitude and duration of the transition events. The results
of this analysis show that transition events are expected to primarily
impact business activities rather than the Company’s assets, as detailed in
the risk table in the Resilience Analysis section below.
As mentioned above, the scenarios chosen by the Company were
carefully aligned with current scientific findings to ensure their relevance
and accuracy in representing possible climate-related outcomes. The
analysis of climate change-related transition risks and opportunities relied
on the Net Zero Emissions scenario of the International Energy Agency
(IEA), as described in the latest World Energy Outlook (WEO) of 2023 and
the associated data tables. Additional insights were drawn from previous
IEA special reports on this scenario. The scenario selected is the
”Aggressive mitigation - Limiting warming to 1.5°C”, based on the IPCC
Assessment Report 6 (AR6) Scenario Shared Socioeconomic Pathway
(SSP) 1-1.9 and the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZE) by the IEA.
This scenario reflects the ambition of the Paris Agreement to the United
Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (Paris Agreement) and
is a very ambitious scenario that limits global warming to 1.5 °C by the end
of the century. In this scenario the global energy sector achieves net-zero
CO2 emissions by 2050 and the world reaches the objective of the Paris
Agreement. Developed countries (e.g. including those within the European
Union) accelerate in decarbonisation. Societies adopt practices to enable
the required levels of reduction of emissions, including increasing
investment in and development of technologies that could reduce
emissions of the transport sector in developed countries and limit
emissions growth in developing countries. Policies to decarbonise are
introduced immediately (2020s), with these policies diverging across
sectors and regions and differing in both the timing of their deployment
and their reach. Mitigation strategies implemented worldwide and across
sectors include:
• improvements in energy efficiency are implemented (however
additional mitigation technologies for aviation are required);
• transitioning from fossil-based energy to very low or zero-carbon
sources including hydrogen and high density biofuels for aviation;
• carbon capture utilisation and storage is used in remaining fossil-fuels
facilities;
• both nature- and technology-based Carbon Dioxide Removals (”CDR”)
are deployed to the levels required to neutralise global residual GHG
emissions; and
• countries implement measures towards restricting demand for
transport services while supporting the shift to more energy efficient
and low carbon intensive products and transport modes. Severe
weather events are more frequent, but the world has avoided the worst
consequences of climate change.

146

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

The 1.5°C scenario used during this analysis was analysed using sectorspecific data alongside comprehensive macroeconomic variables and
price metrics to support the identification of transition events and
exposure assessment. Furthermore, the long term time horizon (2050)
aligns with the climate-related policy stated objective of achieving climate
neutrality by 2050, as well as with the time horizon of relevant technical
scenarios used, such as IEA scenarios described below. This detailed
information enabled a thorough and insightful scenario analysis which
resulted in the identification of projected risks on the Company’s business.
This analysis informed the double materiality assessment process
described under ”– 6.1.1.4 IRO: Impact, risk and opportunity management”.
In 2024, the Company integrated a climate scenario analysis to predict
and prepare for future conditions. This analysis includes several
assumptions such as the transition to a lower-carbon economy, which is
expected to influence macroeconomic trends, energy consumption
patterns, and the adoption of new technologies. The 1.5°C scenario from
the IEA’s World Energy Outlook (WEO) includes critical assumptions about
global energy demand, carbon pricing, and the pace of technological
innovations required to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050. Key
assumptions are described in more detail in the scenario description
above. The global energy and climate model used by the Company
integrates innovative and emerging technologies, tracking their maturity
and expected market introduction. Transition risks and opportunities are
primarily linked to the air transport sector. Efficiency improvements, such
as optimised aircraft designs, mass reduction, and propulsion system
improvements, offer some mitigation potential. However, additional CO2
emissions mitigation technologies, including high energy density biofuels,
low-emission hydrogen, and synthetic fuels, will be required for aviation.
Primary emission sources were reviewed to identify risk areas. A critical
analysis of the sector was conducted, focusing on technological
advancements and other relevant factors to identify all assets and
business activities requiring significant effort to be compatible with a
transition to a climate-neutral economy. As a result, it has become evident
that business activities such as the design and manufacturing of
commercial aircraft are heavily reliant on the development of technological
levers and alternative energy pathways to achieve this compatibility.
Carbon dioxide removal (CDR) is used to accelerate decarbonisation but is
kept to a minimum in the scenarios as it is only applicable to residual
emissions and is broadly in line with sustainable levels of bioenergy
production for nature-based solutions.Technology-based CDR solutions
are not yet mature enough to be used and deployed at scale. As such, the
use of CDR in the scenarios is based on relevant global databases
including IEA World Energy outlook, IEA Net Zero 2050, ATAG ”Fly Net
Zero 2050” and Behavioural change NZE AR6 WG3.
Resilience analysis
Based on the results of the previously described climate-related physical
and transition risk assessment, the Company has started analysing the
resilience of its business activities in 2023, including an assessment of key
elements of the upstream and downstream value chain. The full resilience
analysis is expected to be completed by 2027.
The critical assumptions about how the transition to a lower-carbon and
resilient economy will affect the Company’s surrounding macroeconomic
trends, energy consumption and mix, and technology deployment are
detailed in the description of climate scenarios considered under the
above climate-related physical risk and transition risk sections. The

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
resilience analysis relies on the previously described climate risk analysis
(physical and transition), including the time horizons mentioned in the first
paragraph of ”– 6.2.2.3 Description of the processes to identify and
assess material climate-related impacts, risks and opportunities (ESRS 2
IRO-1) and Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction
with strategy and business model (ESRS 2 SBM-3)”.
The resilience analysis includes a review of the Company’s own business
activities and extends to both upstream and downstream segments of the
value chain, focusing on identifying vulnerabilities and strengths in the
Company’s strategy and business model concerning climate-related
physical and transition risks. With the 1.5°C scenario for transition risk and
the >3°C scenario for the physical risk analysis, the Company covers both
extremes of climate risks, thus covering a broad spectrum of risks. As
detailed above, the scope of the resilience analysis is the same as the
climate risk assessment; it includes an assessment of operations, supply
chain dependencies, and customer interactions to ensure a holistic
understanding of potential impacts for all of the Company’s business
activities.
For each remaining identified material physical and transition risks, the
existing and potential adaptation measures that contribute to climate
resilience are reviewed, resulting in an overall risk picture, including those
residual risks where mitigation measures are insufficient to eliminate the
risks entirely.
The conducted analysis has identified activities related to the transition of
the air transport sector as high-risk business activities, with uncertainties
including the pace of regulatory changes, technological advancements,
and market acceptance of low-carbon solutions. This assessment of
physical risks for the upstream value chain is still being conducted and
therefore is not yet included in these results.
The outcomes to date of the physical and transition risk assessments are
summarised in the hereafter tables, as well as how these risks are
managed to ensure the resilience of the Company’s assets and activities.
As mentioned previously, the resilience analysis is still ongoing and is
expected to be completed in 2027.
Climate-related risks
The results of the Company’s climate scenario analysis has led to the
identification of the following main risks:
• Transition - Technology: Emergence of disruptive technologies from
competition
Delivering on existing commitments and potential future requirements
to mitigate climate impacts will require significant investments in new
technologies for the commercial aircraft sector, making the delivery of
low-emission technologies a significant marker of future
competitiveness. A competitor or new market participant could have
access to technological developments unavailable to the Company
that offer significantly lower emissions at a faster pace than the
Company and its partners, resulting in a loss of market share and
competitiveness with resulting reduced revenue. The imperative for
the Company and its partners to develop new technologies faster than
other actors in the market will require substantial research and
technology (R&T) and research and development investments.

• Transition - Market: Low availability of renewable and low-carbon
energy
The Company has identified risks linked to the availability and
affordability of renewable and low-carbon energy. First, there is the
risk of low volumes in absolute terms, due to insufficient investments in
renewable or low-carbon energy (including through the sustainable
transformation of available biomass). Second, there is the risk that even
if total volumes are approaching sufficiency in absolute terms, the
aviation sector is unable to access sufficient volumes, leading to a risk
of a slower than expected substitution of fossil fuel energy and low
uptake of the new solutions and products to be developed by the
Company, and resulting in lower or longer returns on invested R&D.
• Transition - Market: Impact of market measures and their
development on demand for the Company’s products
Accommodating new types of aircraft that respond to the aviation
sector’s decarbonisation objectives requires an ecosystem that is
ready. For instance, the development of future products based on
hydrogen or other alternative propulsive technology concepts will
require significant investments in both products and supporting
infrastructure, which could directly impact the operating costs of such
a product. Consequently, the absence of measures to stimulate robust
hydrogen, synthetic fuels and biofuels supply infrastructure and
adapted procedures to ensure efficiency and safety of operations,
could mean that the ecosystem will be unable to accommodate the
Company’s future products, notably resulting in significant
development costs incurred and a risk of compromising the
investments made if customers are unable or unwilling to purchase
products that cannot be widely operated within the available
infrastructure and procedures. Moreover, the competitiveness of this
next generation product will also strongly depend, among other
factors, on the evolution of the price of CO2 emissions. A high price on
CO2 may impact the demand for aircraft relative to competitors’
portfolios and could result in the loss of market share for the Company
relative to its competitors. The Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition may be materially affected if the
Company does not, at each step of development of its future products,
account for market expectations while ensuring its products stay
affordable for customers and competitive with respect to competitors’
portfolios.
• Transition - Policy and legal: Climate-related regulations and
restrictions - divergence in regulatory framework
Aviation and aerospace are complex industries, with long product
development cycles and where change takes a long time to be
implemented. A rapid evolution of climate related policies (such as the
EU zero-pollution communications) and regulatory frameworks (CO2
standards, sustainable finance, emissions trading systems, aircraft
operation restrictions, among others) could generate fast-changing
requirements and could obstruct new product development pathways.
In particular for aviation, as it is a global industry, policies and
regulations implemented at national or regional rather than international
level, or these evolving at a different speed depending on the region,
could result in a negative impact on the competitive conditions for
manufacturers and aircraft operators. This could result in a loss of
competitiveness for the Company and reduced demand for its
products.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

147

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

• Transition - Reputation: Change in behaviours, perceptions and
societal expectations
Reputational risks could be divided into several categories. Firstly,
there is a risk that negative perceptions about the Company’s
environmental performance could be used as key decision-making
criteria for consumers, investors, or even new talents. Secondly, there
is a risk that the Company’s reputation could be damaged by growing
societal concerns about the climate change impact of aviation or by
the lack of transparency on progress made to address climate-related
issues. As an example, the Company disclosed its ambition to bring a
commercially viable, fully electric, hydrogen-powered commercial
aircraft into service. If the ambition is perceived as unattainable or if the
Company is not able to deliver on its ambition, this could result in
reputational damage leading to less investment, loss of revenues and
reduced attractiveness. A similar situation could occur if the
Company’s environmental performance is not on par with its expressed
ambition.
• Physical - Acute: Extreme weather events may impact the
Company’s products and operations
The foreseen consequences of climate change include more frequent
extreme weather events, such as drought, dust storms, extreme
temperatures, extreme winds, flood, hail storms, landslides, hurricanes,
tornadoes, cyclones and wildfires. These could negatively impact the
Company’s products and its operations (including but not limited to
route delays and safe aircraft operations), land assets and
infrastructure as well as employees’ safety (and people’s safety
generally). The above consequences and impacts may result in
production or other operational disruptions leading to lost revenues,
reduced profits, and losses. This could result in the need for additional

RISKS

Transition
- Technology

Climate scenario/time horizon(s)
where risk likelihood is considered
medium or high, based on
Company’s qualitative analysis
1.5°C
>3°C

Potential financial
impacts
before mitigation

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

+++

Transition
- Market (Energy)

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

+++

Transition
- Market (Demand)

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

+++

Transition
- Policy and legal

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

Not assessed

Transition
- Reputation

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

Not assessed

Physical
- Acute

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

++

Physical
- Chronic

▶▶▶

▶▶▶

++

modifications to the Company’s products in order to meet more
stringent safety needs, as well as requiring changes to industrial
operations and procurement strategy, leading to increased operational
and production costs and the consequential costs of adapting the
Company’s insurance coverage.
• Physical - Chronic: Consequences of long-term changing weather
patterns may cause increase of infrastructure and operations costs,
reduced labour productivity, loss of assets value and negatively
impact employee’s health
The foreseen consequences of climate change include long-term
shifts in climate patterns (e.g., change in precipitation patterns,
sustained higher temperatures, flooding, water stress or chronic heat
waves). Such changes may cause an accelerated degradation of the
Company’s industrial infrastructure and assets (buildings, tools,
hardware), may reduce the availability of operational resources and
may interrupt logistics flows, therefore impacting the Company’s
manufacturing activities. In addition, the change in environmental
conditions could also negatively impact the performance of products in
operation and negatively impact the health and safety of the
Company’s employees. This may result in the need for additional
modifications to the Company’s products, as well as to industrial
operations and procurement strategy, leading to increased costs and
the adaptation of the Company’s insurance coverage.
Based on a qualitative analysis, the Company has estimated the
probability of risk materialisation. It has also performed a preliminary
internal assessment, using data from the Company’s ERM system, as to
which climate-related risks may involve the most significant financial
impacts in the future. The results are displayed in the following table.

Key associated actions presented in the
Company’s transition plan

- Supporting fleet renewal by delivering its latest generation aircraft
- Developing and deploying SAF, with the ambition for all aircraft types to be
capable of flying with up to 100% SAF by 2030
- Investing in technologies to reduce product emissions, including
hydrogen
- Investing in smart air traffic management (ATM) solutions and optimised
operations
- Deploy local adaptation measures following threats and vulnerabilities
assessment.
- Embed climate change in industrial strategy
- Engage R&D activities including with certification authorities on new
climate model impacts on products

▶ ▶ ▶ : ST - ▶ ▶ ▶ : MT - ▶ ▶ ▶ : LT

As mentioned previously, the resilience analysis is still ongoing but
previously shared information under section ”– 6.2.2.2 Transition plan for
climate mitigation (E1-1)” and to the above mentioned risk management
mitigation measures provide a first understanding of the Company’s ability
to adapt its strategy and business model to climate change. Additionally,
the section ”– 6.2.2.5 Actions (E1-3)” provides further information on the
adaptation actions taken by the Company to reinforce its resilience.

148

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

More precisely, with regards to product resilience in the context of climate
change, aircraft products are sensitive to weather phenomena during their
operation phase. While the certified flight envelopes of the Company’s
products offer some margin compared to relevant bad atmospheric
conditions defined by certification authorities, the adaptation of aircraft
design and operation to the changing climate is an important activity to be
anticipated, in particular given the long lead time associated with aircraft
development and operation.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
With regards to its defence product portfolio, the Company is
collaborating with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (”NATO”) and
other defence industry players and organisations (in the so-called NATO
Study Group 291) with the objective of developing recommendations on
ensuring allied capabilities adaptation in the context of climate change.
This is supported by inputs from the NATO Climate and Defence Task
Force led by the Conference of National Armaments Directors (CNAD) the
Company is also part of, together with the allied governments and other
defence industry players. This collaboration aims at assessing, elaborating
and deploying solutions to ensure technical capabilities still enable
operational effectiveness in facing changing climatic conditions.
The climate-related assumptions in the climate scenarios described above
were also used in the Company’s Financial Statements.

6.2.2.4 Policies (E1-2)
The Airbus Environmental Policy described under section ”– 6.2.1 Policies”
addresses climate change mitigation, energy efficiency and renewable
energy deployment. Climate change adaptation is not explicitly mentioned
in the policy but is included in the Company’s EMS and business continuity
activities.
For further detail on the content of the Environmental Policy, its scope,
accountability, relevant third party standards and initiatives as well as the
availability to and stakeholders and the considerations of their interests,
please refer to the transversal section ”– 6.2.1 Policies”.

6.2.2.5 Actions and resources (E1-3)
Climate mitigation and adaptation-related actions are coordinated by the
Sustainability Organisation under the leadership of the Chief Sustainability
Officer, which includes multifunctional and cross-divisional teams on CO2
and Energy, as well as a dedicated organisation for SAF. Annual
sustainability budgets are allocated to each function to implement said
actions. The emissions reduction estimates presented in the tables below
are indicative and represent the Company’s best view on how it intends to
reach its targets, based on current assumptions, modelling (including
effects of increasing production output) and portfolio of projects reducing
CO2 emissions and offsetting business growth. They may be refined over
time as forecast techniques may improve and the portfolio of
decarbonisation projects may be revised or re-prioritised to capture new
opportunities or adapt to changes in market conditions.

insulation, and combined heat and power (CHP) optimisation, is on-going
and planned to be further implemented company-wide by 2030.
Lever #1 - Scope 1&2 - Energy efficiency of stationary assets

Unit

Expected GHG emission reduction in 2030 compared to
2024

ktCO2e

-73

Achieved GHG emission reduction in 2024 compared to
2015 (incl. surface evolution, energy efficiency and weather
impact)

ktCO2e

-92

In addition to its efforts regarding the energy efficiency of sites, the
Company has outlined a strategic initiative focused on enhancing mobile
energy efficiency, primarily driven by the introduction of three new
vessels, with rigid sails technology, and its Beluga fleet miscellaneous
efficiency improvement projects.
Lever #1 - Scope 1&2 - Energy efficiency of mobile assets

Unit

Expected GHG emission reduction in 2030 compared to
2024

ktCO2e

-53

Achieved GHG emission reduction in 2024 compared to
2015

ktCO2e

-73

Decarbonisation lever #2 - Scopes 1 & 2 - Renewable energy
The Company has implemented a comprehensive plan for renewable and
low carbon electricity contracting aimed at addressing Scopes 1 and 2
decarbonisation targets over the period 2015-2030. The primary focus is
on Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs), which are expected to play a
significant role in achieving these goals while the rest of emissions will be
covered by REC & GoOs. This Company-wide action has a time horizon
set until 2030. The success of the action is dependent on the availability
of a direct decarbonised energy supply. This dependency underscores
the importance of securing reliable and sustainable energy sources to
meet the decarbonisation targets.
In addition to PPAs, the Company is committed to the implementation of
local site renewable energy generation. Several projects are currently
under study and development, focusing on photovoltaic systems,
biomass, heat pumps, and other renewable technologies. This action has
a time horizon set until 2030.

The Company has not identified any dependencies on the availability and
allocation of resources for the implementation of the below actions unless
otherwise stipulated.

Lever #2 - Scope 1&2 - Renewable and low carbon energy source
for stationary assets

MITIGATION

Expected GHG emission reduction in 2030 compared to
2024

ktCO2e

Achieved GHG emission reduction in 2024 compared to
2015

ktCO2e -447

The actions listed below support the achievement of the related target,
which applies to the Company’s own operations and operationally
controlled entities. They have so far been implemented in priority on sites
for which measured data is available, covering a large proportion of the
concerned impact (see methodology in ”– 6.2.2.6 Energy consumption
and Mix (E1-5)” and ”– 6.2.2.7 GHG Emissions (E1-6)”).

Unit

-125

Decarbonisation lever #1 - Scopes 1 & 2 - Energy efficiency
The Company is committed to enhancing energy efficiency for its
buildings and industrial processes as part of its climate change action
plan. This initiative, which encompasses improvements in lighting,

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

149

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

The Company is committed to increasing the use of SAF in its relevant
internal operations as part of its climate action strategy. This initiative is
planned to be implemented by 2030.
Lever #2 - Scope 1&2 - Energy decarbonisation of energy mobile
assets

Unit

Expected GHG emission reduction in 2030 compared to
2024

ktCO2e

-78

Achieved GHG emission reduction in 2024 compared to
2015

ktCO2e

-37

Decarbonisation lever #3 - Scope 3 Use of Sold products - Technology
improvement Introduction
Delivering latest generation aircraft. Airlines renewing their in-service
fleet offers immediate potential for aviation decarbonisation, as reflected
in the figures below.
Lever #3 - Scope 3 USP - Fleet renewal - Target
enablers/contributors

Unit

Current proportion of previous generation
aircraft in global commercial aircraft fleet

%

About
66%

Estimated latest generation aircraft efficiency
gain vs. than the previous generation

%

About
25%

Estimated A350 and A330neo efficiency gain vs.
than the previous generation

% fuel burn
per seat

25%

Estimated A320neo family efficiency gain vs.
than the previous generation

% fuel burn
per seat

20%

Estimated A220 efficiency gain vs. than the
previous generation

% fuel burn
per seat

25%

Continuous technological improvement. Additionally, the Company
consistently works to improve the efficiency of its aircraft, through new
aerostructure designs, advanced materials, upgraded systems, and more
fuel-efficient engines, aiming to reduce CO2, NOx, and noise emissions in
operations. The scope of this action is within the Commercial Aircraft
business, with a time horizon covering and lasting beyond the 2035
horizon of the related target.
A milestone was reached in 2024, with the certification of the A321XLR
obtained in August and its commercial entry into service in October. The
A321XLR offers the opportunity to longer-range routes for the single-aisle
aircraft family, leveraging the platform’s greater fuel efficiency and hence
CO2 efficiency when compared to a bigger widebody aircraft.
Next generation aircraft, supporting the sector’s decarbonisation
ambition beyond the Company’s target horizon. The Company is
investing in technologies aimed at reducing emissions for the next
generation of products. In particular, Commercial Aircraft is preparing
next-generation single-aisle aircraft technologies, focusing on innovations
for airframes and engines. One significant initiative is the ”wing of
tomorrow” programme, which has successfully delivered a full-size wing
prototype incorporating lighter composite components and a folding wing
tip. This programme integrates over 100 different components and
manufacturing technologies, validating key automation targets. In

150

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

collaboration with the European Clean Sky 2 and Clean Aviation
programmes, the Company is researching new efficiency-enhancing
technologies, such as semi-morphing wings, dynamic winglets, and
innovative flight controls, as tested on a C295 transport aircraft. On the
engine side, the Company supports engine manufacturers in adapting and
integrating their latest innovations to meet aircraft needs.
The Company also considers hydrogen as a promising technology for
reducing aviation’s climate impact. It has the ambition to bring a
commercially viable, fully electric, hydrogen-powered commercial aircraft
into service. The Company believes fuel cell technology to be the most
promising to fulfil this ambition, which would significantly reduce
emissions when compared to conventional jet engine configurations.
The scaling up of the hydrogen ecosystem is challenging and is
progressing at a slower pace than previously anticipated. The scalability of
fuel cell technologies towards a commercially viable product will also
require more time. A commercially viable product is now expected to
come later than 2035. The Company will use this additional time to further
develop the performance of the fuel cell propulsion and liquid hydrogen
system technologies that are expected to enable the development of the
Company’s first fully electric commercial aircraft, as part of its ambition to
pioneer sustainable aerospace.
The Company is also fostering hydrogen ecosystem readiness by
collaborating with various stakeholders, including airports, airlines, and
energy providers, to support the evolution of market needs with
renewable and low-carbon hydrogen. In order to foster such development,
the ”Airbus hydrogen network” involves a number of airports and
numerous energy providers and airlines as partners, while new partners
are still being recruited to join on a regular basis. In July 2024 alone, two
Hydrogen Hubs were launched, one in Spain and another at Gatwick
airport in the UK.
Key figure

Unit

2024

Number of airports involved in ”Airbus hydrogen
network”

No.

215

This comprehensive approach underscores the Company’s commitment
to sustainable aviation and its role in driving industry-wide decarbonisation
efforts.
The Company plans to continuously invest in technologies to reduce
product emissions with a time horizon extending beyond the 2035
timeframe mentioned for the near-term target.
Decarbonisation lever #4 - Scope 3 Use of sold products - SAF uptake
The Company is actively fostering SAF ecosystems readiness and
partnerships to mitigate climate change. The primary constraints for
operators are the price and global production capacity of SAF, which
hinder large-scale adoption. To establish a robust SAF market, it is
essential to match production with demand, supported by global
regulatory frameworks and incentivisation schemes. This includes
implementing reporting mechanisms for consistent tracking of
decarbonisation progress and using book and claim systems to simplify
SAF usage and demonstrate its benefits to freight and corporate
customers when needed. The Company is actively supporting the
development of a regulatory framework supporting the growth of the SAF

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
market. The Company advocates for policies that incentivise SAF
production and usage, sharing industry best practices, and focusing on
production levels assessment, life cycle analysis methodology, and
sustainability criteria and standards harmonisation. A clear, stable, and
consistent policy at both global and local levels, along with incentivisation
or regulations, is essential to promote long-term investments and
technology development.
Lever #4 - Scope 3 USP - SAF uptake - Target enablers/
contributors

Unit

SAF CO2 emissions reduction throughout life cycle vs.
conventional kerosene

%

Up to
>80%

Current Company’s aircraft portfolio SAF fuel blend
capability in operations

%

Up to
50%

End of the decade ambition for the Company’s aircraft
portfolio SAF fuel blend capability, including military
aircraft and helicopters

%

Up to
100%

The Company is vigilant about the potential future positive or negative
impacts on the environment or people that could arise with the
development on the SAF market, if uncontrolled. SAF is a fuel derived from
a range of ”feedstocks” (origin of carbon molecules used) made from
sustainable resources and brings significant reduction of CO2 emissions
throughout its life cycle when compared with conventional kerosene (see
table). Eight SAF production pathways are currently certified for blending
with kerosene, including processes such as hydro-processed esters and
fatty acids (HEFA), alcohol-to-jet, Fischer Tropsch, or power-to-liquid.
Some of them are derived from used fat, cooking oil and grease, municipal
waste, agricultural and forestry waste and residues. More advanced
technologies use hydrogen and carbon captured directly from the air as
feedstock for SAF production.
On one hand, regional SAF production, dependent on local feedstock
availability, can significantly contribute to socio-economic development,
particularly in developing nations. On the other hand, it is essential that
other sustainability dimensions be considered to prevent potential adverse
impacts, especially for those SAF production pathways that imply land
use. In order to be considered a SAF, an aviation fuel needs to meet
defined sustainability criteria and requirements; the Company supports
the ones set out by ICAO/CORSIA and in particular aspects related to
non-competition with food and water resources. It also actively supports
current and future sustainability criteria via regionally or nationally
recognised schemes including EU Renewable Energy Directive (RED II),
Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS), Low Carbon Fuel Standard in the US,
Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation in the UK and ’Renewable Fuel Units’
(HBEs) in the Netherlands.
Creating favourable conditions for the SAF market requires both global
cooperation and regional initiatives. In the EU and the US, positive
momentum is evident, and similar efforts are needed worldwide.
Cooperative platforms like the Commercial Aviation Alternative Fuels
Initiative (CAAFI) in the US exemplify how stakeholders can collaborate to
foster development of the market.
Early adopter. As an early adopter, the Company aims to stimulate market
demand through its above mentioned flight tests and internal logistics

using the Beluga aircraft, addressing actual SAF market development
challenges.
Key figure

Unit

2024

%

18%

Proportion of SAF used in Company’s own operations

In addition, the Company also engages with customers to assist them in
using SAF in their commercial operations and better understand how SAF
can be integrated in their business models. In 2024, the Company signed
an agreement with airline Wizz Air including the integration of SAF on two
European routes, as well as passenger surveys and joint marketing
campaigns. The scope of this action is focused on Commercial Aircraft,
with a time horizon set for 2035 and beyond. The Company is engaged in
initiatives and partnerships promoting the development of SAF production
and use. This also includes partnerships with airlines and producers
aiming to accelerate the aviation sector’s transition to SAF.
Towards a harmonised framework. As a global industry, aviation requires
a harmonised and interoperable framework of standards and regulations
to ensure a level playing field. The Company supports the systematic
implementation of SAF policies across all states and recognises CORSIA
as a reference for sustainability standards, aiding in the global sourcing of
SAF. The Company also plays a leading role in cross-industry initiatives
with ICAO state members, ATAG, IATA, JetZero Council (UK), and the First
Movers Coalition, a partnership launched by the World Economic Forum
(WEF). Regionally, the Company monitors the development of SAF-related
regulations at national as well as regional levels to ensure their consistency
with global standards and regulatory frameworks. For instance, in 2024,
The Company contributed to the Colombian Ministry of Transportation’s
”Roadmap for Sustainable Aviation Fuels in Colombia” as a contributor to
their roadmap through two studies: ”Decarbonizing Aviation in Latin
America in a Sustainable Way” and ”SAF Risks and Opportunities
Workshop for Colombia”. The scope of this action is within Commercial
Aircraft, with a time horizon set for 2035. The decarbonisation lever for
this action is the uptake of SAF.
Aircraft capability. The Company is committed to ensure that all its
aircraft platforms are up to 100% SAF capable by the end of the decade.
This initiative aims to enhance the technical capability of the Company’s
aircraft portfolio, which is currently capable of operating with a fuel blend
of up to 50% SAF. The ambition is to enable all aircraft platforms, including
military aircraft and helicopters, to operate with up to 100% SAF by the end
of the decade. The current 50% SAF limit ensures compatibility with the
JET A/A-1 specification, allowing for a drop-in solution without
modifications to aircraft or fueling infrastructure. Exceeding this limit
would necessitate either modifications to adapt to a new fuel grade or the
development of a purely synthetic fuel that fits within the existing
specification.
The Company is actively involved in two key research projects in
collaboration with industry partners: VOLCAN (a collaboration with Safran,
Dassault and the french ministry of transport) and ECLIF3 (a collaboration
with with Rolls-Royce, the German Aerospace Center (DLR) and SAF
producer Neste). These projects focus on assessing the impact of 100%
SAF on engine and fuel systems, as well as measuring the benefits on
emissions and fuel efficiency. The findings from these projects will
support further research and technical work to achieve 100% SAF
certification for commercial flights by the end of the decade. Additionally,

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

151

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

the Company has contributed to the approval process of eight SAF
blending pathways with kerosene and continues to support industry-wide
standardisation efforts at ASTM International to approve future pathways.
In 2024, The Company was designated as co-leader of a newly formed
working group in the frame of the International Aerospace Environmental
Group (IAEG), aiming at developing technical specifications for 100% SAF.
The scope of this action encompasses Commercial Aircraft, with a time
horizon set for 2035. The actions of this lever depend on the overall SAF
market development, including the actions and investments of external
resources.
Decarbonisation lever #5 - Scope 3 Use of sold products - Operations
improvement
The Company is as well engaged in climate change mitigation through its
Customer Services decarbonisation portfolio. This initiative is focused on
reducing air traffic management (”ATM”) inefficiencies and CO2 emissions
from current aircraft in operations. Key projects include the Single
European Sky Air Traffic Management Research programme (”SESAR”)
and the HERON project, which aims to optimise aircraft operations during
taxiing, improve trajectory-based operations (”TBO”), and reduce noise
pollution. The current ATM environment is transitioning from static flight
plans to TBO to enhance airport and ATM network performance. The
Company is also developing fuel-saving procedures for airports and
ground operations to minimise engine and auxiliary power unit (APU)
usage while aircraft are on the ground.
In addition, the Company is exploring innovative practices such as
formation flying through the Fello’fly project, launched in November 2019.
This project aims to demonstrate the viability of two aircrafts flying in
close proximity on long-haul flights, allowing the follower aircraft to reduce
engine thrust and fuel consumption per trip by utilising the wake energy of
the leading aircraft. The scope of these actions are limited to Commercial
Aircraft, with a time horizon set for 2035.
Lever #5 - Fello’fly project key figure

Estimated engine thrust and fuel consumption
reduction for follower aircraft (long-haul flights)

Unit

% fuel burn up to 5%

In 2024, the Company has built on the positive results of the Fello’fly
project by taking the lead of the EU’s new ”Gain Environmental Efficiency
by Saving Energy” (GEESE) project, that will bring a concept of operations
based on continental traffic flows from Europe to Asia and Europe to the
Middle East. It will also define the requirements on operations and systems
using the traffic flows from Europe to North America.
For decarbonisation levers #3, #4 and #5, the quantification of potential
contributions to GHG emission reduction is deemed in part confidential
and therefore not published. Due to the complexity and interdependencies
between all product-related decarbonisation levers, it is not possible to
calculate the achieved individual contributions to the overall GHG emission
reductions. However an order of magnitude of the respective
contributions from these levers to the sector’s decarbonisation ambition
can be found in the graph entitled ”The aviation industry’s roadmap
towards ”Carbon Neutral Emissions” by 2050’ (see ”– 6.2.2.2 Transition
plan for climate mitigation (E1-1)”).

152

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Financial resources for mitigation actions
The Company estimates that a couple of hundred million euros per year
(combined OpEx and CapEx) may be necessary to complete its Scopes 1
& 2 decarbonisation plan. This estimate is indicative and may be revised
pending evolution and progress of the project portfolio.

ADAPTATION

Leveraging the preliminary outcomes of its resilience analysis, including at
site level, the Company is starting to identify and plan adaptation
measures that need to be undertaken locally. They are being prioritised,
taking into account the estimated time of horizons and/or speed of onset
of respective risks.
Actions have already been engaged, corresponding to the risks deemed
more imminent such as extreme heat and floods. For instance, in Airbus
Toulouse a heatwave preparation plan was implemented, and a study on
the arduousness and dangerousness of working in high heat was carried
out by the occupational health service and the occupational physician.
This study focused on the feedback from experiences conducted during
the 2023 heatwave, during which 150 workers tested ”Heat stroke alert”
bracelets and cooling clothing. These experiences continued in 2024, and
personal protective equipment related to heat will be tested and used
again in the coming years.
In Airbus Illescas in Spain, following the 2022 heatwave, forced ventilation
was installed in all the technical rooms. Green areas have also been
adapted, with Japanese gardens combining local plants requiring less
water, and a drop irrigation system. Good practices such as free cooling,
the use of heat and humidity sensors in technical rooms (connected to a
Building Maintenance System) and the use of UV sheets to cover windows
are also being implemented by several sites, for instance in Premium
Aerotec Varel (PAI Varel).
Some measures were also put in place to prevent the impact of flooding
events. Flood barriers were installed in Airbus Atlantic Nantes after the site
was impacted by an intense flooding event in recent years. In PAI Varel, a
weather station is used to control the smoke exhaust closures during rain
or strong wind events, and all gutters and water drains are systematically
checked and cleaned after each stormy episode.
In addition, the design and building of new facilities take into consideration
applicable standards aimed at reducing their vulnerability to climate
related hazards. The Company will continuously complement, sequence
and refine its approach as additional information becomes available,
including from its on-going resilience analysis. Certain actions may imply
engaging with local authorities and/or communities.
Additional actions related to water stress risk are presented in ”– 6.2.4
ESRS E3 - Water and marine resources”.
The Company is insured against the risks linked to climate-related events
that could arise in the short term. The Company has subscribed a
property damage and business interruption insurance policy including the
impact of natural hazards, covering earthquake, wind and flood, and any
other natural event not defined as earthquake, wind and flood, including
but not limited to hail, avalanche, snowfall/weight of snow, and mudflow.
With regards to its aircraft products, the Company is engaged in adapting
its products to the changing climate, recognising the sensitivity of these
products to weather phenomena during their operational phase. This

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
6.2.2.6 Targets (E1-4)

proactive approach is essential due to the long lead times associated with
aircraft development and operation. To address this, the Company is
participating in the European Network - Impact of Climate Change on
Aviation (EN-ICCA), an industry working group launched by EASA. The
objective of this group is to define a work programme aimed at enhancing
adaptive capacity, strengthening resilience, and reducing vulnerability to
climate change within the aviation sector.

The Company has set itself three targets to manage material climaterelated impacts and risks:
Scopes 1 & 2
The Company aims to reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 (market-based)
emissions as shown in the table below, and to yearly neutralise all residual
emissions.

Additionally, the Company is engaged in the creation of a working group
with ICAO, further demonstrating its commitment to this critical issue. The
scope of this action encompasses the downstream value chain on a
worldwide scale, with the first assessment scheduled for Q1 2025. This
action is continuous and does not have a fixed time horizon.

Energy target - Scope 1 & 2 emissions
SBTi-validated, aligned with a 1.5°C scenario

Unit

Target year

Target value

% vs baseline

Baseline year

Baseline value

Scope 1 & 2 market-based emissions

ktCO2e

2030

467

-63%

2015

1,262

Intermediate milestones, on TCO scope

ktCO2e

2025

509

-3%

2024

524

ktCO2e

2024

581

-2%

2023

592

Assumptions: see ”Scope of reporting and methodology” in ”– 6.2.2.8 GHG Emissions (E1-6)”

influence, and used by the Company to steer its annual progress (see
”Scope of reporting and methodology” in ”– 6.2.2.8 GHG Emissions
(E1-6)”).

The target is set on the aggregate of Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based.
While the plan defined to reach this target includes actions differentiated
for Scope 1 and Scope 2, no additional sub-targets were formalised for
Scope 1 and Scope 2 separately. The Scopes 1 and 2 target is validated by
SBTi as being science-based and aligned with a 1.5°C scenario. The 2015
baseline has been set Company-wide as per SBTi requirements. The
Company is considering future developments and their impacts on its
Scopes 1 and 2 target, in line with requirements of applicable SBTi
guidance and as outlined in the Transition Plan (see section ”– 6.2.2.2
Transition plan for climate mitigation (E1-1)”). The SBTI Guidance 4.2
methodology was used to set the target and the Company sets-out to
update the target at least every five years, in accordance with applicable
SBTi guidance. A 2050 target has not yet been defined. This Companywide target covers the Company’s own operations and operationally
controlled entities Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (market-based for
Scope 2) and target boundaries were defined in accordance with SBTi
guidance 4.2.

The target is a combined target for Scopes 1 and 2 which has been
defined along guidelines set-out by SBTi guidance 4.2, including its
baseline value. No intensity target has been set. For Scope 2 emissions,
the target is based on the market-based GHG accounting method. The
Company involved a wide range of internal stakeholders, incl. Facility
Management, Industrial Operations, Finance, and Procurement, as well as
the Board, during the target-setting process. No changes were made to
the target during the reporting period.

To operationalise the 2030 target, it is broken down in annual reduction
targets and reductions are allocated across sites: they refer to a material
sub-perimeter of its operations, referred to as Top Company Objectives
(”TCO”) scope, on which the Company can have a more direct control and

Energy target - Scope 3 Use of sold products
SBTi-validated

Commercial aircraft products emissions intensity

Target achievement is monitored through the Company’s environmental
reporting process, which includes yearly and monthly reporting. Currently,
the performance is in line with expectations - see ”– 6.2.2.8 GHG
Emissions (E1-6)” for more details on achievements. The target is aligned
with the vision set out in the Environmental Policy to continually improve
manufacturing and site operations to reduce emissions in line with the
ambition of the Paris Agreement.
Scope 3 - Use of sold products
The Company aims to reduce the emission intensity of its commercial
aircraft products:

Unit

Target year

Target value

% vs baseline

Baseline year

Baseline value

gCO2/RPK*

2035

48.0

-46%

2015

88.8

Scope: Company’s commercial aircraft
Assumptions: average of emissions intensity of all commercial aircraft delivered in the reporting year
* RPK: Revenue Passenger Kilometre

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

153

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

The target is validated by SBTi as being science-based and aligned with a
”well below 2°C” scenario, which is in line with the required level of
ambition for a Scope 3 target according to SBTi’s ”Corporate near-term
criteria version 5.2”. Compatibility of the target with 1.5°C will be assessed
when relevant guidance from the EU Commission becomes available. The
Company is considering future developments and their impacts on its
Scope 3 target, in line with requirements of applicable SBTi guidance and
as outlined in the Transition Plan (see section ”– 6.2.2.2 Transition plan for
climate mitigation (E1-1)”). The SBTi Guidance 4.2 methodology was used
to set the target and the Company sets-out to update the target at least
every five years, in accordance to applicable SBTi guidance. The target is
aligned with the vision set out in the Environmental Policy to develop
products and services that enable a reduction of emissions in line with the
ambition of the Paris Agreement. A 2050 target has not yet been defined.
The set target covers the use of sold products of all commercial aircraft
sold (for more information on scope 3 coverage see 6.2.2.8 ”GHG
emissions”). The target boundaries and baseline value are defined in
accordance with SBTi guidance 4.2. The 2015 baseline has been set

based on Scope 3 ”use of sold product” for commercial aircraft deliveries
in 2015, as per SBTi guidance. The Company involved a wide range of
internal stakeholders, including Strategy, Engineering, Finance,
Programmes and Services, as well as the Board, during the target-setting
process. The Company’s progress on the target is monitored through the
Company’s environmental reporting process, which includes yearly
reporting. Currently, the performance is in line with projections. No
changes were made to the target during the reporting period. An absolute
target has not been defined for Scope 3.
Energy
The Company aims to reduce purchased grid electricity and other
energies (gas and other stationary fuels) for stationary sources across the
whole Company reporting scope. This target is aligned with the Scopes 1
& 2 target as the resulting energy consumption reduction is an enabler of
the Scopes 1 and 2 target. The Company involved a wide range of internal
stakeholders, including Facility Management, Industrial Operations,
Finance, and Procurement, as well as the Board, during the target-setting
process.

Energy target

Unit

Target year

Target value

% vs baseline

Baseline year

Baseline value

Purchased grid electricity and other energies
(gas and other stationary fuels) for stationary sources

GWh

2030

2,534

-20%

2015

3,167

Scope: Company-wide
Assumptions: see ”– 6.2.2.2 Energy Consumption and Mix (E1-5)”

Target achievement is monitored through the Company’s environmental
reporting process, which includes yearly and monthly reporting. Currently,
the performance is in line with expectations. The target is aligned with the
vision set out in the Environmental Policy to continually improve
manufacturing and site operations to reduce emissions in line with the
ambition of reducing resource consumption and associated emissions. No
changes were made to the target during the reporting period. Please refer
to the section ”– 6.2.2.2 Transition plan for climate mitigation (E1-1)” for
information on decarbonisation levers, plans to adopt new technologies as
well as progress against GHG targets.

methodology, which is based on modelling adapted to each metrics. This
can be employee-based, surface-based, activity-based extrapolation as
deemed relevant for the concerned metric. By exception to the
consolidation perimeter described above, some small non-controlled
entities have been included in the reported figures due to their co-location
with consolidated entities.
Unit

2024

Data reported by entities

% of the Company’s employees *

96%

With regards to the energy target related to stationary sources, energy
consumption reduced in 2024 despite a production growth context,
supported by significant gas consumption containment, better heating
monitoring and temperature control as well as clement weather
conditions. The 2024 energy target-related metric stood close to the 2030
target, however the trajectory towards the target integrates expected
upcoming aircraft production ramp-up.

Data estimated

% of the Company’s employees *

4%

Non-controlled entities
included in the reported
figures due to their colocation

% of the Company’s employees *

0.4%

Climate adaptation
The Company has not set targets for climate adaptation, as this topic is
currently managed through the existing risk management process.

6.2.2.7 Energy Consumption and Mix (E1-5)
Scope of reporting: Reported data covers Company’s own operations
and operationally controlled entities. Most data was reported by entities
(see table below): while generally measured or communicated by energy
suppliers, certain specific information from sites may be estimated based
on past performance when not available. Information related to the rest of
the consolidation perimeter was estimated, following a documented

154

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Reporting scope

* includes Active Workforce only (for definition see section ”– 6.3.2.6 Characteristics of the
undertaking’s employees (S1-6)”).

Energy consumption from nuclear sources was primarily derived from
contractual information. When such information is not available, national
nuclear percentages defined by the IAEA (International Atomic Energy
Agency) have been used.
High climate impact sectors used to determine the energy intensity
correspond to the categories C Manufacture C30.3.0 - Manufacture of air
and spacecraft and related machinery, and C33.1.6 - Repair and
maintenance of aircraft and spacecraft amongst those listed in NACE
Sections A to H and Section L as defined in Commission Delegated

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
Regulation (EU) 2022/1288. As a result, the Company’s total turnover as disclosed in the financial statement is deemed to correspond to the net revenue
amount from activities in high climate impact sectors.

Climate change metrics
Energy consumption and mix

Unit

2024

Total Energy Consumption

MWh

3,703,856

MWh

2,278,219

Total energy consumption from fossil sources
Fuel consumption from coal and coal products

MWh

0

Fuel consumption from crude oil and petroleum products

MWh

940,425

Fuel consumption from natural gas

MWh

920,570

Fuel consumption from other fossil sources

MWh

1,953

Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam, or cooling from fossil sources

MWh

415,270

Total energy consumption from nuclear sources

MWh

339,256

Total energy consumption from renewable sources

MWh

1,086,381

Fuel consumption from renewable sources

MWh

310,375

Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, heat, steam, and cooling from renewable sources

MWh

772,825

Consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy

MWh

3,180

Percentage of energy consumption from nuclear sources in total energy consumption

%

9.2%

Percentage of renewable sources in total energy consumption

%

29.3%

Percentage of fossil sources in total energy consumption

%

61.5%

Non-renewable energy production

MWh

286,605

Renewable energy production

MWh

6,238

Total energy consumption from activities in high climate impact sectors

MWh

3,703,856

Total energy consumption form activities in high climate impact sectors per net revenue from activities in high climate impact
sectors

MWh/M€

53.5

Purchased grid electricity and other energies (gas and other stationary fuels) for stationary sources, as per Company energy
consumption related target

Mwh

2,597,029

Scope 2 GHG Emissions - Percentages of energy contracts

Unit

2024

%

89.9%

Percentage of regular energy contracts covered by bundled EACs

%

31.7%

Percentage of regular energy contracts covered by unbundled EACs

%

8.7%

🏳

Percentage of regular energy contracts

%

49.4%

Percentage of physical direct-wire PPAs

%

0.3%

Percentage of sleeved PPAs

%

4.6%

Percentage of virtual PPAs

%

0.0%

Percentage of other renewable contracts

%

5.3%

Percentage of contractual instruments used for sale and purchase of energy bundled with attributes about energy generation
in relation to Scope 2 GHG emissions

%

39.3%

Percentage of contractual instruments used for sale and purchase of unbundled energy attribute claims in relation to Scope 2
GHG emissions

%

6.2%

Percentage of regular energy contracts not covered by EACs

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

155

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6.2.2.8 GHG Emissions (E1-6)
Scope of reporting and methodology
Reported data covers Company’s own operations and operationally
controlled entities. Most data was reported by entities (see table below).
While generally calculated based on measured quantities (energy
consumed, refrigerant leakages), certain specific information from sites
may be estimated based on past performance when not available.
Information related to the rest of the consolidation perimeter was
estimated, following a documented methodology, which is based on
modelling adapted to each metrics. This can be employed-based,
surface-based, activity-based extrapolation as deemed relevant for the
concerned metric. By exception to the consolidation perimeter described
above, some small non-controlled entities have been included in the
reported figures due to their co-location with consolidated entities (see
table below). In order to report on performance against its target, the
Company also reports its total emissions Scopes 1 and 2 on a sub
perimeter called ”TCO scope” (see below).
Top Company Objectives (”TCO”) Scope: TCO scope is material
sub-perimeter of its own operations and operationally controlled entities
(see cover rate in the table below) used for the short-term targets setting
and performance monitoring, composed of sites deemed relevant to
monitor the deployment of the Company’s Scopes 1 & 2 decarbonisation
plan, as prioritised, and therefore also including the largest contributors to
the concerned metrics.
Reporting scope

Unit

2024

Data reported by entities

% of the Company’s employees *

96%

Data estimated

% of the Company’s employees *

4%

Non-controlled entities
% of the Company’s employees *
included in the reported figures
due to their co-location

0.4%

TCO scope, related to Scope
1&2 target

85%

% of the Company’s 2024 Scope
1 + Scope 2 GHG Emissions

* includes Active Workforce only (for definition see section ”– 6.3.2.6 Characteristics of the
undertaking’s employees (S1-6)”)

Scope 1. Calculation includes contractual instruments (Biomethane
Guarantees of Origines) as part of Scope 1 emissions, calculated based on
biomethane emission factors instead of natural gas. This approach will be
refined as further related guidance is issued by the GHG protocol.
Emissions factors used are based on national references for the
Companies’ core countries (France, Germany, Spain, UK) and on
international references such as the IPCC for other countries.
Key figure

Scope 1 Savings related to contractual instruments
(Biomethane GoO)

Unit

2024

ktCO2eq

17

Scope 2. Contractual instruments used to calculate Scope 2 market based
GHG emissions are -1- Power Purchase Agreements (direct wire or
sleeved PPAs), -2- energy attributes certificates (e.g. REC, GoO, IREC,
ETC), -3- other renewable electricity contracts. The share energy bundled
with attributes or unbundled has been taken into account for all

156

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

contractual instruments. All three above categories are used by the
Company. So far energy attributes certificates have been the vast
majority. Their respective shares in total use vary over time. Emission
factors were determined following the hierarchy recommended by the
GHG protocol, prioritising contractual instruments or supplier emission
factors when available over national or residual emission factors (from IEA
and AIB databases).
Scopes 1 & 2 Biogenic emission factor. Scope 1 biogenic emissions have
been calculated based on biogenic emissions factors available or
estimated based on the available information. While the Company could
estimate that overall Scope 2 biogenic emissions are non-significant - and
reported as such (”NS”) in the table hereafter -, missing emission factors
from suppliers did not enable to compute an accurate figure for 2024.
Scope 3. The Company has performed a screening of all Scope 3
categories and concluded that category 11 ”Use of Sold Product” is the
only significant category to be disclosed.
Scope 3 significant categories

Unit

Estimated share of Scope 3 category 11 ”Use of Sold
Product” in the Company’s total emissions

%

>95%

Estimated share of non significant Scope 3 categories
in the Company’s total emissions excluded from
reporting

%

<5%

Estimated share of ”commercial aircraft family of
products” in the Company’s Scope 3 category 11
emissions

%

>90%

All other categories have been deemed non significant and are as such
excluded from the Company’s disclosure.
Scope 3 - Use of sold products. The main contribution of the Company’s
value chain on climate change comes from the use of sold products and
the Company reports in-use emissions of the products it delivers (Scope 3
– Use of sold products). This started in 2020 with the disclosure of
emissions from commercial aircraft products, and was extended to other
products from 2021, namely civil helicopters initially and military aircraft
and helicopters in 2022, further complemented by satellites in 2023. The
Company will continue to progressively extend the scope of reporting to
other families of products, for which the calculation methodologies are still
under development. Nevertheless, current results and advanced
estimations have shown that the vast majority of the Scope 3 - Use of
Sold Product impact of the Company’s products is due to the commercial
aircraft family of products, and that this situation is unlikely to change
once all the product families will have been assessed.
Additional methodology information:
• The Company’s emission calculation methodology was developed by a
team consisting of key personnel from the engineering and
environment departments to be aligned with the guidance provided by
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.
• The Company has used a number of assumptions based on internal
and external information including assumptions based on publiclyavailable data.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
• Scope 3 emissions are calculated based on product specific
methodologies. As a result no part of the resulting emissions are
calculated based on primary data obtained from suppliers or other
value chain partners
For all products:
• The estimation includes CO2 emissions only. Emissions related to CH4
and N2O were excluded given the very low levels produced by modern
aircraft engines. Emissions related to NOx were estimated and
excluded given the uncertainty related to the NOx emission factors and
the relatively low contribution of this emission stream.
• CO2 emission factors for kerosene are the ICAO internationally
recognised lifecycle emission factor to be used for baseline fossil jet
fuels (see table below). This factor represents a ”well to wake” life cycle
analysis to assess the overall greenhouse gas (GHG) impacts of a fuel
including each stage of its production and use.
Assumptions

CO2 emission factors for kerosene for
fossil Jet-A/Jet-A1
Aircraft load factor

Unit

kg CO2e per kg of fuel

3.846

%

82.5%

For commercial aircraft: assumptions include the aircraft load factor,
aircraft operational usage and average in-service lifetime. Primary data
collected within the Company was also used, such as aircraft
performance and configuration parameters. Emissions related to
commercial aircraft engine start and taxiing have been included, however,
emissions from the Auxiliary Power Units (APU) and ground handling
equipment have been excluded. For the purpose of this calculation, the
Company integrated into commercial aircraft Scope 3 the likely usage of
SAF over the product lifetime, as per the IEA-SDS assumptions. Other
operating conditions of the aircraft were considered to be static over the
whole service life. In addition, the Company reports for reference an
indicative figure based on a zero SAF usage. A330-200 deliveries
destined to A330-MRTT conversion were excluded from the commercial
aircraft perimeter and included in the military aircraft perimeter as part of
the ”other products” category. Total Gross indirect (Scope 3) GHG
emissions and Total GHG Emissions are based on Scope 3 - Use of Sold
Products IEA-SDS SAF uptake scenario for commercial aircraft.

For other products:
• Helicopters: assumptions include activity data from Company’s
customer services of helicopter operations such as flight hours per
year and region where the helicopter is operated. Direct emissions and
indirect emissions from jet fuel production are included over the
product’s entire service life. The impact of SAF is not considered.
• Military aircraft: flight hours and mission profiles vary significantly
depending on conflicts and humanitarian crises. The estimation
assumes the largest number of flight hours each aircraft has been
designed for in its lifetime. The impact of SAF is not considered.
• Satellites: The estimation includes satellites delivered to external
customers in 2024 and accounts for emissions linked to the production
of the satellites’ propellant as well as emissions associated with the
launch into space (launcher’s propellant production and combustion).
Emissions linked to the use of the satellites’ propellant are not included
as they occur outside of the atmosphere and therefore do not
contribute to global warming. Emissions linked to the reception,
processing and usage of satellite data on the ground are not included.
Scope 3 GHG efficiency for delivered commercial aircraft (as per
SBTi-validated target) includes the emissions related to the upstream fuel
production and considers the likely usage of SAF over the product lifetime,
as per the IEA-SDS assumption.
The deployment of SAF is an important aspect of the decarbonisation of
the air transport sector, and is therefore an important aspect of the
achievement of the Company’s near term target. There are a variety of
SAF deployment scenarios and assumptions (e.g. IEA’s global energy and
climate scenarios, Refuel EU’s mandate, ATAG ”Waypoint 2050”) that may
lead to different results in terms of decarbonisation. As a result, the
Company is currently researching ways to track the actual uptake of SAF
in the fleet (see section ”– 6.2.2.2 Transition plan for climate mitigation
(E1-1)”).
Scope 3 - Biogenic emission factors. Emissions of biogenic carbon are
calculated based on the CO2 emissions arising from the combustion of
bio-derived SAF included in the ”IEA-SDS SAF uptake” scope 3 metric
below. The CO2 emission factor for the combustion of SAF is assumed to
be identical as that of the combustion of fossil kerosene.
GHG intensity. Net revenue used for calculation of GHG emissions
intensity equals the Company’s total revenues as displayed in the financial
statements.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

157

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

Performance

GHG emissions disaggregated by Scopes 1 and 2 and significant Scope 3

Scope 1 GHG emissions
Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions including regulated emission trading
schemes
Percentage of Scope 1 GHG emissions from regulated emission
trading schemes

Unit

Base
Year
2015

Milestones and Target Years

2024

% 2025
target
2025 vs. 2024

2030

% 2030
target
vs. Base
Year

467

-63%

2035

% 2035
target
vs. Base
year

48.0

-46%

451
37%

ktCO2eq
%

Scope 2 GHG emissions
Gross location-based Scope 2 GHG emissions

ktCO2eq

318

Gross market-based Scope 2 GHG emissions

ktCO2eq

163

Scope 1 + Scope 2 GHG emissions
Gross location-based
Gross market-based

🏳

Scope 1 + Scope 2 market-based GHG emissions on TCO scope
Significant Scope 3 GHG emissions
Total Gross indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
cat.11 - Use of sold products
• Commercial aircraft IEA-SDS SAF uptake
• alt. Commercial aircraft - (”no SAF” scenario)
• Other products
Total GHG emissions
Total GHG emissions (location-based)
Total GHG emissions (market-based)
Biogenic CO2 emissions
Scope 1 Biogenic CO2 emissions
Scope 2 Biogenic CO2 emissions
Scope 3 Biogenic CO2 emissions
Scope 3 Cat 11. GHG efficiency for delivered commercial aircraft (as
per SBTi-validated target)
Scope 3 Cat 11. GHG efficiency for delivered commercial aircraft
(”no SAF” scenario”)

ktCO2eq
ktCO2eq
ktCO2eq

769
1,262

614
524

ktCO2eq

474,691

ktCO2eq

466,354

ktCO2eq

560,614

ktCO2eq

8,337

ktCO2eq

475,460

ktCO2eq

475,305

ktCO2eq
ktCO2eq
ktCO2eq

85
NS
75,392

gCO2/pax.km

-3%

474,691

ktCO2eq

gCO2/pax.km

509

88.8

61.1

73.4

Unit

Scope 1 GHG emissions

Gross location-based
Scope 2 GHG emissions

Gross market-based
Scope 2 GHG emissions

Mobile sources of emissions

ktCO2eq

245

0

0

Stationary sources of emissions

ktCO2eq

206

318

163

From consolidated accounting group

ktCO2eq

446

275

139

From operationally controlled entities

ktCO2eq

5

43

23

Unit

2024

Total GHG emission (location based) per net revenue

ktCO2eq/MEUR

6.9

Total GHG emission (market based) per net revenue

ktCO2eq/MEUR

6.9

2024 GHG emissions breakdowns

GHG intensity per net revenue

Key figures

Unit

2024

Net revenue used to calculate GHG intensity

In € Million

69,230

Net revenue (other)

In € Million

0

Total net revenue (in financial statements)

In € Million

69,230

158

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
6.2.2.9 GHG removals and carbon credits (E1-7)
Carbon credits act as an additional voluntary measure for greenhouse gas
emissions neutralisation, contributing towards global climate actions and it
does not intend to replace emissions reduction or become a way of
achieving Company’s near-term SBTi validated targets. Both naturebased and technology-based removals, from climate change mitigation
projects outside the Company supply chain, are considered and should be
purchased in 2025, following the conclusions of the IPCC (e.g. Special
Report on 1.5°C and Assessment Report 6).The Company intends to work
in partnership with carbon sequestration companies to generate
additional technology-based carbon removals. So far, the Company has
used carbon credits only, and no removal nor storage resulting from
projects developed in own operations or value chain are reported. In 2024,
the Company evolved its related contractual framework. This new
framework is to be used from 2025, including to compensate for 2024
residual emissions as per Company commitment.
Key figure

2024 residual emissions to be compensated in 2025
- contractualisation being finalised

Unit

tCO2eq

621,222

Recognised quality standards for carbon credits are those that are
verifiable by independent third parties, make requirements and project
reports publicly available and at a minimum ensure additionality,
permanence, avoidance of double counting and provide rules for
calculation, monitoring, and verification of the project’s GHG emissions.
As a minimum, the carbon offsets purchased by the Company are certified
by the Gold Standard or Verra or Verified Carbon Standard or Climate,
Community and Biodiversity Standards and the supplier needs to show
proof of how each one of the mentioned criteria was met. On top of the
core criteria mentioned above, societal aspects are considered, such as
prevention of child labour, respect of human rights and relations with the
communities surrounding the projects (FPIC process) and co-benefits
strategy. Information including project selection (criteria and generated
credits quality) and the verification of their actual implementation as per
contractual terms were verified by an independent external body.
GHG Removals

Unit

2024

Total GHG removals from own operations

tCO2eq

0

Total GHG removals in the value chain

tCO2eq

0

Reversals

tCO2eq

0

Unit

2024

tCO2eq

130,560

Share from removal projects

%

0.45%

Share from reduction projects

%

99.55%

Per recognised quality standard view

%

100.0%

Share from projects within the EU

%

0.45%

Share of carbon credits that qualify as
corresponding adjustments

%

0%

Carbon credits cancelled in the reporting year

Total

Carbon credits planned to be
cancelled in the future

Total

Unit

Amount

Until year

tCO2eq

0

N/A

6.2.2.10 Internal carbon pricing (E1-8)
Key figure

Unit

Internal carbon price

EUR/tCO2

150

Transition plan CapEx and OpEx
The Company has established CO2 reduction targets for Scopes 1, 2, and
Scope 3 Use of Sold Products emissions, which have been validated by
SBTi (see section ”– 6.2.2.2 Transition plan for climate change mitigation
(E1-1))”. Over the years, progress has been made in reducing emissions
and towards achieving these targets. This progress is largely attributable
to the Company’s strategic focus on investments (e.g. industrial assets),
and operational measures (e.g. SAF purchase) aimed at decarbonising
energy usage and improving energy efficiency, among other initiatives,
which are centrally managed and prioritised by the Company. CO2 savings
are inherently the primary decision criterion for this category of
investments, and the use of a shadow carbon price - as described in the
following paragraphs - had therefore a limited influence on these CapEx
investment decisions. Details on investments and measures are disclosed
in section ”– 6.2.2.2 Transition plan for climate change mitigation (E1-1)”.
CapEx investments (Scopes 1 & 2)
The Company has started to apply a shadow carbon price in its broader
decision-making process to assess the financial impact of carbon
emissions and influence decisions accordingly. This fixed price (see table
above) was established considering benchmarks, carbon price projections
from various relevant sources such as those of the IPCC 2018, IEA and
IRENA 2017 and French authorities, as well as the Company’s intention to
make it an influential factor. The price aims to signal to project leaders the
importance of CO2 footprint reduction and to support consistency of
investment decision making with the Company’s commitments to
decarbonisation.
The integrated internal pricing mechanism factors the internal carbon
price into net present value and internal rate of return calculations as part
of business case evaluations. By incorporating the cost of carbon, the
Company seeks a more holistic financial analysis of its CapEx projects.
The financial component in decision making therefore strives to integrate
internal carbon price, and favour those investments with a better CO2
footprint.
As per the governance established on that matter, internal carbon price is
applied in the business cases of CapEx dossiers for operations for
Commercial Aircraft. While the actual use is still partial, the Company
intends to continue deploying it in the coming years. Challenges to
progress result from certain projects inherently having a minimal direct
carbon footprint, or the associated CO2 emissions may be difficult to
quantify or assign accurately, especially in complex supply chains or
shared infrastructure.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

159

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

Product incremental development (Scope 3 Use of Sold Products)
From November 2023, the use of the shadow carbon price was extended
to current aircraft programmes’ product related major incremental
developments in Airbus commercial aircraft business segment, supporting
its Scope 3 emission reduction ambition. The internal carbon price is used
when the Company introduces modifications to existing aircraft
programmes, many of which could reduce drag or save weight in its
aircraft design to improve fuel efficiency and reduce emissions, while
accuracy could still be materially improved with further standardised
methodologies to assign a CO2 emissions to specific modifications. Of

note, the use of this internal carbon pricing mechanism is not deemed
appropriate in business cases related to any future programmes, to the
extent that the energy dimension is embedded in related modelling and
projections.
Metrics
While the Company does not consider CSRD-defined metrics to be
relevant indicators to steer such a topic in view of the context described
above, the Company will strive to collect necessary information to report
such metrics in the future when additional guidance and best practices
emerge.

6.2.3 ESRS E2 - Pollution
6.2.3.1 Pollution IROs
The following IROs were identified for pollution:

ESRS

(sub-)topic

Impact, risk or
opportunity

Description

Time horizon

Location in the
value chain

ESRS E2 Substances of concern and
- Pollution Substances of Very High
Concern

Risk

/
There is a risk that the Company or its
suppliers may not be in a position to substitute
substances of concern or of very high concern
in due time in accordance with regulatory
requirements. This could lead to business
disruption across the value chain and to the
Company not being able to deliver aircraft to
its customers, which could negatively affect
financial performance and damage its
reputation.

Own Operations,
Downstream,
Upstream

ESRS E2 Pollution of air
- Pollution

Actual negative
impact

Aircraft and aircraft parts painting and cleaning Short-term
within certain facilities of the Company lead to
volatile organic compound emissions,
potentially resulting in air pollution if adequate
mitigation measures are not used.

Own operations

ESRS E2 Pollution of water/Pollution of
- Pollution living organisms and food
resources

Potential negative
impact

Production of aviation fuel in the downstream Short-term
value chain may lead to emissions into water,
which may contribute to water pollution and to
pollution of living organisms and food
resources if adequate mitigation measures are
not used.

Downstream,
upstream

6.2.3.2 Substances of Concern and of Very High
Concern (hereafter jointly referred to as
”Substances of Concern”)
6.2.3.2.1 Policies (E2-1)

The Airbus Environmental Policy, described under section ”– 6.2.1
Policies”, emphasises the importance of addressing substances of
concern by driving the development of solutions aimed at substituting and
reducing the use of regulated substances throughout the product life
cycle. This approach supports compliance with applicable regulations,
protection of human health and the environment and mitigates
obsolescence risks for the Company in relation to substances of concern.

160

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Incidents avoidance and emergency situations are covered in Airbus
Environmental Management System.
For further detail on the key contents of the Environmental Policy, its
scope, accountability, relevant third party standards and initiatives as well
as the availability to stakeholders and the consideration of their interests,
please refer to the transversal section on Environmental Policy (see
section ”– 6.2.1 Policies”).
The use and management of chemical substances are subject to specific
requirements, with the main regulations covering the Company’s activities
and products being EU’s Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and
restriction of Chemicals (REACH); Restriction of Hazardous Substances
(RoHS) and Persistent Organic Pollutants (POP).

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
6.2.3.2.2 Actions and resources (E2-2)

Some substances used in the global aerospace industry to meet the
stringent technical performance standards required for certification and
airworthiness are subject to regulations. These regulations impact key
industrial processes and products, such as surface treatments, primers
and fire protection. The Company works with suppliers and the wider
industry with the aim of developing suitable alternatives to the Company’s
uses of such substances and actively promotes the development and use
of suitable alternatives, across product life-cycles.
Impact assessment
Using information from its technical documentation/design data-set as at
aircraft production and based on information received by the Company
from its suppliers, the Company tracks, records, assesses and declares
regulated chemicals. This activity encompasses both the Company’s own
operations and upstream activities, based on information received by the
Company from its suppliers. These efforts fall under the ”avoid pollution”
and ”reduce pollution” steps of the pollution mitigation hierarchy. This
action enables the Company to monitor its usage of substances and
manage its compliance with regulatory requirements as well as anticipate
supply disruption risks.
The Company also engages with suppliers to promote the adoption of a
similar approach through regular communication and, more widely, by
working together with the aerospace industry to promote worldwide
harmonisation of ways of working, taking into account the sector’s safety
and lifecycle specificities.
Substitution
The Company has established a portfolio of activities and projects,
collaborating with suppliers, the wider industry and airworthiness
authorities to identify, develop, qualify, and deploy new technologies and
solutions that aim to avoid the use of substances classified as posing a
risk to human health or the environment, while still meeting the stringent
technical performance standards required for airworthiness and
certification.
When it can be demonstrated that alternative technologies meet those
stringent requirements, the Company seeks to implement them in its
product design and manufacturing. For example, the Company is, in
cooperation with its suppliers, developing, qualifying and progressively
deploying on new products, chromate-free corrosion protection and paint
systems for aluminium structures.
Key figures, at year end

Unit

2024

Number of regulated substances impact analysed

No. >16,000

Number of substances for which substitutes were
qualified and deployed

No.

509

Number of mixtures for which substitutes were qualified
and deployed

No.

558

The scope of this activity includes the Company’s own operations as well
as upstream and downstream engagement. These efforts fall under the
”avoid pollution” and ”reduce pollution” steps of the pollution mitigation
hierarchy.

Data management
The Company is deploying digital tools to facilitate the collection,
management and use of substance-related data from its suppliers. This
activity encompasses both the Company’s own operations and upstream
activities, based on information received by the Company from its
suppliers. Based on information received by the Company from its
suppliers, the engagement extends to both upstream and downstream
use of substances, contributing to a life-cycle approach. These efforts fall
under the ”avoid pollution” and ”reduce pollution” steps of the pollution
mitigation hierarchy.
Key figures, at year end

Unit

2024

Number of suppliers engaged in this new
data collection tool

No.

Around 500

Number of part numbers covered

No.

Around 23,000

Monitoring impacts of substance-related regulatory requirements on
continuity of supply
The Company also focuses on preventing supply chain disruption caused
by the unavailability of substances, whether due to regulatory
requirements or suppliers’ decisions. This initiative involves regular
assessment of such potential risks, such as campaigns to gather
information from suppliers. It also includes evaluating suppliers’ proposed
solutions and the qualification of suitable alternatives. This activity
encompasses both the Company’s own operations and upstream
activities, based on information received by the Company from its
suppliers. These efforts fall under the ”avoid pollution” and ”reduce
pollution” steps of the pollution mitigation hierarchy.
All of these actions are on-going and embedded in the Company’s usual
operations.

6.2.3.2.3 Targets (E2-3)

The Company framework for substitution of Substances of Concern is
aligned with regulatory time horizons rather than with set Company
targets and regularly assesses status of the Company’s actions towards
managing substance-related regulatory requirements. Examples include
using Technology Readiness Levels (TRL) indicators to track progress of
the substitution projects and other Key Performance Indicators which are
regularly reviewed by steering committees in charge of substances topics.
Aerospace industry products often have long lifecycles and operate in
extreme conditions. Finding and certifying suitable alternatives to
regulated substances to meet stringent airworthiness standards is a
lengthy process, requiring extensive research and development often
exceeding regulatory timelines. Consequently, applications for continued
use of regulated substances, under specific conditions, are frequently
necessary until viable replacements are available.

6.2.3.2.4 Metrics (E2-5)

The Company manages substance-related IROs in line with the regulatory
requirements and their provisions related to substance traceability, based
on information on product composition received by the Company from its
suppliers. These provisions generally include the communication of the
presence of certain substances, often when above a specified
concentration level (for example, presence of Substances of Very High
Concern in an article above 0.1% weight by weight (w/w) as required by
the Article 33 of the REACH regulation; Substances of Concern which are
not Substances of Very High Concern under REACH are not subject to this

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

161

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

requirement), or the communication of a range of concentration of some
substances in a specific mixture via a Safety Data Sheet (for example, the
Company may receive the information that a substance is present in a
mixture in a concentration between 10 and 80%). The precise quantity
(mass) of substances in a product is not made available to the Company,
and the available data does not allow the Company to calculate the
quantity of substances in products/articles and mixtures.
As mentioned above, the Company is working to deploy digital means to
facilitate the collection, management and use of substance related data
from its suppliers as a way to enhance its reporting capability in the future
and maintain its compliance with substance-related regulations.

6.2.3.3 Pollution of Air
6.2.3.3.1 Policies (E2-1)

The Airbus Environmental Policy, described under section ”– 6.2.1
Policies”, outlines its environmental management and is designed to
manage various environmental aspects, such as Volatile Organic
Compounds (”VOC”) emissions. In the context of this Policy, the Company
is committed to continually reducing its environmental footprint through its
industrial operations by implementing innovative technologies and
solutions, including to reduce air emissions.
For further detail on the content of the Environmental Policy, its scope,
accountability, relevant third party standards and initiatives as well as the
availability to and stakeholders and the considerations of their interests,
please refer to the transversal section on Environmental Policy (see
section ”– 6.2.1 Policies”).
The Company is subject to pollution-related regulatory requirements,
some of which being embedded into the permits granted by local
authorities to its sites. In addition, the Company’s ISO 14001 certified
Environmental Management System notably applies the standard
recommendations for pollution control audits, training, risk assessment
and identification, implementation of risk prevention procedures (e.g.
emergency plans, simulation exercises). For example, sites shall conduct
an analysis of environmental aspects and impacts at least every three
years, as well as each time a material change in operations occurs, also in
connection with the Company’s ERM process. The Airbus Environmental
Management System is intended to cover incidents avoidance and
emergency situations.

6.2.3.3.2 Actions and resources (E2-2)

Monitoring
The Company monitors Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC) emissions to
identify the main emitters of VOC within its industrial processes. The VOC
emissions are directly measured where required by regulation or
calculated through a mass-balance approach. The scope of these
continuous actions includes the Company’s own operations. These efforts

fall under the ”avoid pollution” and ”reduce pollution” steps of the pollution
mitigation hierarchy. This action enables the Company to quantify the
VOC emissions and focus actions on priority areas.
Storage and handling of raw materials
In order to prevent or reduce fugitive VOC emissions during storage and
handling of solvent-containing materials, the Company applies various
practices, including covering of containers in storage and minimisation of
storage in production areas. The scope of these continuous actions
includes the Company’s own operations. These efforts fall under the
”avoid pollution” and ”reduce pollution” steps of the pollution mitigation
hierarchy.
Raw material management including substitution
Where technically feasible, the Company reduces the solvent
consumption and environmental impact of used raw material by deploying
paints/coatings and adhesives with a lower VOC content (high solid
systems) as well as water-based systems. The scope of these continuous
actions includes the Company’s own operations. These efforts fall under
the ”avoid pollution” and ”reduce pollution” steps of the pollution
mitigation hierarchy.
Cleaning techniques
Where technically feasible, the Company implements several measures to
reduce VOC emissions from cleaning processes. These measures include
the use of pre-impregnated wipes in manual cleaning, the substitution of
VOC-based cleaners with low-volatility or water-based cleaning agents,
and the use of enclosed washing machines for tool cleaning. The scope of
these continuous actions includes the Company’s own operations. These
efforts fall under the ”avoid pollution” and ”reduce pollution” steps of the
pollution mitigation hierarchy.
Coating processes
The Company aims to minimise raw material consumption and the overall
environmental impact of coating processes by employing advanced
spraying techniques such as air-assisted airless spraying and
electrostatically assisted spraying. The scope of these continuous actions
includes the Company’s own operations. These efforts fall under the
”avoid pollution” and ”reduce pollution” steps of the pollution mitigation
hierarchy.
These actions are ongoing and embedded in the Company’s operations.

6.2.3.3.3 Targets (E2-3)

The Company has defined the following voluntary target aligned with its
environmental policy, that should also be put in perspective with the
Airbus production ramp up over the 2015-2030 period, on its own
operations and operationally controlled entities (see ”– 6.2.3.3.4 Metrics
(E2-4)”).

Emissions target
Pollution of Air

Unit

Target
year

Target
value

% vs
baseline

Baseline
year

Baseline
value

2024
value

% 2024
vs baseline

VOC emissions in absolute terms

tons

2030

1,498

0% increase

2015

1,498

1,230

-18%

162

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
The methodologies and assumptions for setting this target are based on
internal analysis of actionable levers (see section ”– 6.2.3.3.2 Actions and
resources (E2-2)”) and also take into account production ramp-up
planning. While regulatory thresholds were taken into account in
establishing this target, no specific additional direct relation to scientific
evidence or stakeholder involvement was considered. The metrics for this
target have not changed since its inception.
2024 VOC emission trend followed aircraft production. 2024 VOC
emissions stood below the 2030 target while the trajectory towards the
target integrates expected upcoming aircraft production ramp-up.

6.2.3.3.4 Metrics (E2-4)

Scope of reporting and methodology: Only the Hamburg site exceeds the
threshold specified in ESRS E2 for VOC reporting (as per Annex II of
Regulation (EC) No 166/2006). In addition and to the extent the Company
related target applies to its own operations and operationally controlled
entities, it reports a second figure on this extended perimeter (VOC on
Target perimeter). On this perimeter, most data was reported by entities
(see table below): while generally measured, certain specific information
from sites may be estimated based on past performance when not
available. Information related to the rest of the consolidation perimeter
was estimated, following a documented methodology, which is based on
modelling activity-based extrapolation modeling. By exception to the
consolidation perimeter described above, some small non-controlled
entities have been included in the reported figures due to their co-location
with consolidated entities (see table below). The main VOC emissions
sources derive from surface treatment, cleaning, painting and coating
operations through the use of the following materials: Solvents:
halogenated (TCE, MC), non-halogenated and ODS (Ozone Depleting
Substance) solvents (HFCF 141b) excluding paints and coatings; Solvated
paints and coatings: primers, wash primers, topcoats and specific coating
(for structural & non-structural parts). When VOC emissions are not
measured by the concerned entity, a computation is performed by the
concerned entities and is mainly based on a mass-balance approach,
therefore taking into account the quantity of VOC in above-mentioned
consumed materials (excluding wasted products). Direct measurement
has been prioritised on certain sites where measured data is regulatory

required, while associated cost benefit ratio was deemed insufficient for
other sites.
Reporting scope

Unit

2024

Data reported by entities

% of the Company’s employees *

96%

Data estimated

% of the Company’s employees *

4%

Non-controlled entities
included in the reported
figures due to their colocation

% of the Company’s employees *

0.4%

* includes Active Workforce only (for definition see section ”– 6.3.2.6 Characteristics of the
undertaking’s employees (S1-6)”).

Emissions Metrics - Pollution of Air

Unit

2024

VOC

tons

155

tons

1,230

VOC on Target perimeter

🏳

6.2.3.4 Pollution of water and pollution of living
organisms and food
The Company has identified that its environmental impacts, risks, and
opportunities related to pollution of water and pollution of living organisms
and food are found exclusively within the up- and downstream value chain
as a potential impact of the kerosene production processes. An overview
of all IROs related to pollution can be found in section ”– 6.2.3.1 IROs
Pollution”. While LCA leads to identifying such a potential impact, the
Company has limited ability to influence the operations of oil & gas
companies and does not have any relevant information.

6.2.4 ESRS E3 - Water and marine resources
6.2.4.1 Water IROs
The following IROs were identified for water:
Impact, risk or
opportunity

ESRS

(sub-)topic

ESRS E-3 - Water

Risk
Water:
> Water consumption
> Water withdrawals

ESRS E-3 - Water

Water - Habitat
degradation:

Impact

Description

Time horizon

There is a risk that the Company or its suppliers may
fail to mitigate the potential impact of water stress
- related to climate change - on water consumption,
usage and withdrawal in their industrial operations,
within a timely manner relative to the onset of such
risks. This could lead to production disruptions,
which could negatively affect financial performance.

Location in the value
chain

Own Operations
Upstream

See Pollution of water and living organisms and food resources in ESRS E2 Pollution

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

163

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

The Company’s water usage is mostly linked to non-industrial uses,
including sanitary, heating, ventilation and air conditioning, canteens and
fire extinguishing. Around one third of the water withdrawn is used for
industrial uses such as climate control of industrial facilities (e.g. clean
rooms for satellite assembly, paint-shops), surface treatment, machining
and non-destructive testing.
Procuring the required water does not currently represent a material cost
for the Company as overall withdrawn volumes are relatively limited,
especially for its industrial operations. However, securing water availability
to operate the industrial processes requiring water is critical for the
Company to ensure business continuity.
Environmental risks and opportunities are managed following the
Company’s ERM system, as described in the section ”– 6.1.1.4.1 IRO-1:
Description of the processes to identify and assess material IROs”. This
covers among other risks related to water accessibility in areas of high and
extremely high water stress.

6.2.4.2 Policies (E3-1)
The Airbus Environmental Policy and Environmental Management System,
described under section ”– 6.2.1. Policies”, emphasises the Company’s
commitment to sustainable practices in its operations. A focus of the
Environmental Policy is on water, where the Company aims to continually
explore and implement innovative technologies and solutions aiming to
reduce the environmental footprint of its activities, including regarding
water. While the policy covers water withdrawal reduction, it does not
explicitly mention water management, water sourcing, water treatment or
the reduction of water usage in areas at water risk. These aspects are
nevertheless included in the Company’s management of water related
aspects for its own operations and controlled entities perimeter.
For further detail on the key contents of the Environmental Policy, its
scope, accountability, relevant third party standards and initiatives as well
as the availability to and stakeholders and the considerations of their
interests, please refer to the Environmental Policy in section ”– 6.2.1.
Policies”.

6.2.4.3 Actions and resources (E3-2)
The actions listed below support the achievement of the related target,
which applies to the Company’s own operations and operationally
controlled entities. They have so far been implemented in priority on sites
for which measured data is available, covering a large proportion of the
concerned impact (see methodology in ”- 6.2.4.5 Metrics (E3-4)). In
addition, water related actions target in particular sites located in areas at
water risk, including areas with high or extremely high water stress.
Metering and monitoring
The Company undertakes improvement of water metering and monitoring
to better understand water usage and identify deviations and
abnormalities. Notable implementations in 2024 include the deployment
of digitised and automated real-time water withdrawal monitoring at
Company’s sites in Spain and France.
Leak management
The Company strives to detect, repair and prevent water leakages in order
to minimise unnecessary water withdrawal. This continuous initiative
received particular focus in 2024 and has led to the identification and
repair of several leaks in a number of the Company’s sites in France and
the UK.

164

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Water reduction and reuse
The Company develops water recycling and water reuse systems. For
example, in 2024, Company sites have adapted processes and equipment
to establish closed-loop systems where water is being reused, such as in
the press cooling systems in Bremen, Germany. In addition, the Company
aims to reduce its water usage by reviewing its industrial processes and
equipment. 2024 examples include upgrade of cooling systems and
non-destructive testing processes at locations such as Illescas, Spain and
Nantes, France.
Rainwater harvesting
The Company implements rainwater harvesting in order to replace the use
of drinking water in industrial and sanitary equipment. As of the end of
2024, this system has been deployed at several Company sites, including
Airbus in Toulouse, France; Broughton, UK; and Airbus Helicopters in
Paris-Le Bourget, France.
Employee engagement
The Company also acts on employee engagement in order to raise
awareness on water management challenges. In 2024, this included
deploying awareness campaigns, such as communications on the World
Water Day via the Company’s intranet as well as onsite awareness-raising
activities.
Sites assessments
In 2023, the Company undertook studies supported by external expertise
across several Company sites to evaluate the water management maturity
level of these sites and identify relevant opportunities to further reduce
water withdrawal. Additionally, other sites have conducted selfassessments using the same methodology. In 2024, this approach was
extended to additional sites
All actions are continuous efforts in the context of the 2030 target (see
section ”– 6.2.4.4. Targets (E3-3)” below), which are renewed annually,
aiming to avoid and reduce the usage and withdrawal of water. All of these
ongoing actions are embedded in the Company’s usual operations.

6.2.4.4 Targets (E3-3)
The Company has set the following 2030 target (vs. 2015 baseline): -25%
reduction in absolute water withdrawal volumes defined by the Company
as the sum of purchased water, abstracted groundwater and surface
water withdrawal whilst excluding collected rainwater, reclaimed water,
brackish coastal water, and ”non-contact” water used for geothermal
energy generation or heating/cooling; this metric is referred to as ”water
withdrawal-related KPI”. It applies to the Company’s own operations and
operationally controlled entities. This target aligns with the vision of the
Company’s Environmental Policy to continually improve manufacturing
processes and site infrastructures to reduce water withdrawal. This target
is voluntary.
The target was defined in collaboration with impacted functions such as
Facility Management, Environment, Health and Safety and Industrial
Operations and was validated by the Airbus Industrial Environmental
Roadmap cross-divisional Steering Committee. The target is informed by
projected local water stress levels according to the World Resources
Institute Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas, version 4.0 (dated August 2023),
using the Aqueduct 2030 ”pessimistic” scenario (aligned with the
Company scenario ”Disorderly mitigation – Warming exceeding 3°C”
which includes the data from IPCC SSP5 RCP8.5). To achieve this

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
Company-wide target, the Company has cascaded site-specific targets,
acknowledging that the criticality of water challenges is heavily influenced
by local factors. These site-specific targets have been determined with
relevant stakeholders at each site, based on local context including local
water stress levels.
Performance against target is monitored monthly, with a review and
analysis of trends or significant changes in performance towards
achieving the 2030 target on Company level (update EOY).

The previous target focused on purchased water only; the target scope
has now been expanded to the scope described above. The inclusion of
new entities due to the scope extension has led to an update of the
baseline value.
The primary focus of this target is the reduction of water withdrawal,
which supports the reduction of water consumption.

Water target

Unit

Target
year

Target
value

% vs baseline

Baseline year

Baseline value

2024 value

% 2024 vs
Baseline

Water withdrawal-related KPI

m3

2030

3,225,016

-25%

2015

4,300,021

3,510,180

-18%

Water withdrawal (as per target KPI) slightly reduced in 2024 supported by
the outcomes of actions described above (see ”- 6.2.4.3 Actions and
resources (E3-2)”), in a production growth context. This supports the
trajectory towards the 2030 target, that integrates expected upcoming
aircraft production ramp-up.

6.2.4.5 Metrics (E3-4)
Scope of reporting and methodology: Reported data covers Company’s
own operations. In addition and to the extent the Company related target
applies to its own operations and operationally controlled entities, it
reports a second figure on this extended perimeter. Most data was
reported by entities (see table below): while generally measured or
communicated by water suppliers, certain specific information from sites
may be estimated based on past performance when not available.
Information related to the rest of the consolidation perimeter was
estimated, following a documented methodology, which is based on
modelling: employed-based, activity-based extrapolation as deemed
relevant for the concerned metrics. By exception to the consolidation
perimeter described above, some small non-controlled entities have been
included in the reported figures due to their co-location with consolidated
entities (see table below). Water consumption is defined as the difference
between water withdrawal volumes and water discharge volumes. All
volumes of water withdrawal per source and volumes of water discharges
by destination are reported by each entity. They can be either obtained
from direct measurements (metering or invoice) or estimated (see table
below). When water discharge is not measured or partially measured, the
discharge volumes can be estimated from the withdrawal volumes
depending on the type of usage on site (industrial process, cooling, fire
protection, sanitary use…). Water risk and water stress indicators are
obtained for each site based on the site’s geographical location, using the
Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas 4.0 ”baseline” data, World Resources Institute
as follows: areas of high water stress: the Aqueduct ”Water stress”
indicator is used; sites in ”high” and ”extremely high” water stress
locations are considered; areas at water risk: the Aqueduct ”Overall water
risk” indicator is used; sites in ”high” and ”extremely high” water risk
locations are considered. Entities with less than 100 employees were
considered at country level.

Reporting scope

Unit

2024

Data reported by entities

% of the Company’s employees *

96%

Data estimated

% of the Company’s employees *

4%

Non-controlled entities
included in the reported
figures due to their
co-location

% of the Company’s employees *

0.4%

* includes Active Workforce only (for definition see section ”– 6.3.2.6 Characteristics of the
undertaking’s employees (S1-6)”).

Source of data

Unit

2024

Total water withdrawal for which data is measured

%

93%

Total water withdrawal for which data is estimated

%

7%

In addition to CRSD defined metrics, the Company reports an additional
subtotal corresponding to its water related target and referred to as ”water
withdrawal-related KPI” (see definition in section ”– 6.2.4.4 Targets
(E3-3)”).
Water Metrics

Unit

2024

Total water consumption

m3

595,418

Total water consumption in areas of high water
stress

m3

256,355

Total water consumption in areas at water risk

m3

140,989

Total water withdrawal

m3

3,499,794

m3/M€

8.6

m3

3,510,180

Water intensity
Additional information linked to the Company’s
water performance monitoring
Total water withdrawal-related KPI (own operations
and operationally controlled entities)

🏳

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

165

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6.2.5 ESRS E4 - Biodiversity and ecosystems
6.2.5.1 Biodiversity and ecosystems IROs
The following IROs were identified for biodiversity:

ESRS

(sub-)topic

Impact, risk or opportunity

ESRS E-4
Biodiversity

Direct impact drivers of Actual negative impact
biodiversity loss, Impact
on the extent and
condition of ecosystems

ESRS E-4
Biodiversity

Direct impact drivers of
biodiversity loss:
> Pollution

Potential negative impact

Description

Time horizon

Location in the
value chain

The air transport sector’s use of aircraft in
Short- term,
Downstream
operation leads to GHG emissions that may mid-term, long-term
indirectly impact biodiversity.
Production of aviation fuel in the
downstream value chain may lead to water
pollution, which may contribute to
biodiversity loss if adequate mitigation
measures are not used.

The biodiversity-related IROs are an indirect effect of the Company’s
climate change (section ”– 6.2.2.1 Climate change IROs”) and pollution
(section ”– 6.3.2.1 Pollution IROs”) related IROs.

6.2.5.2 Transition plan and consideration of
biodiversity and ecosystems in strategy
and business model (E4-1)
No specific resilience of strategy and business model to biodiversity risks
was conducted, in line with the non-identification of any material related
risk (see ”6.1.1.4.1 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and
assess material IROs”).

6.2.5.3 Material impacts, risks and opportunities
and their interaction with strategy and
business model (SBM-3)
The Company has not identified any sites as having a material negative
impact on biodiversity. To date, the Company has not identified any
material negative impacts with regards to soil sealing, land degradation
and desertification, nor threatened species.

Short- term,
Downstream,
mid-term, long-term upstream

6.2.5.4 Policies (E4-2)
The Company has not adopted a policy specifically on biodiversity. The
Environmental Policy (see section ”– 6.2.1. Policies”) applies to topics
related to the biodiversity IROs. In addition, while the Company’s sites ISO
14001 certification embeds biodiversity considerations, processes and
actions supporting the local management of biodiversity are also defined
to facilitate compliance to local applicable regulatory requirements.

6.2.5.5 Actions and resources (E4-3)
The Company has not defined actions on biodiversity, as the actions
implemented to address climate change topics are deemed to
simultaneously address biodiversity IRO. For more information, please
refer to section ”– 6.2.2.5 Actions and resources (E1-3)”.

6.2.5.6 Targets and metrics related to biodiversity
and ecosystems (E4-4)
The Company has not defined targets nor metrics on biodiversity, as the
target and metrics to address climate change mitigation is deemed to
simultaneously address biodiversity IRO. For more information, please
refer to section ”– 6.2.2.6 Targets (E1-4)”.

6.2.6 ESRS E5 - Resource use and circular economy
While aerospace represents a small fraction of the global volumes for
most materials, it is among the main users for some highly specialised
materials (e.g. titanium).
Key Figure

Unit

Proportion of Company’s aluminium consumption
in the global market

%

About 0.1%

The use of these materials, and the impacts associated with their
production or end-of-life, are justified by their contribution to the
efficiency of the end product, as they enable lighter structures and more

166

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

efficient design. As the major portion of a typical aircraft’s life cycle impact
comes from its operational use phase, using lighter materials (which are
sometimes more impactful in their production processes) is particularly
effective in regards to achieving significant reductions in energy
consumption and emissions overall.
Key figure

Typical aircraft’s GHG life cycle impact coming
from its operational use phase

Unit

%

90%

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
Product weight optimisation is largely linked to product performance in
terms of range and fuel consumption, and therefore has a benefit for
customers. Optimising the use of such high-value materials is directly
linked to the Company’s competitiveness, while securing their supply, as
they become scarcer, is necessary to ensure business continuity.
Accordingly, the Company’s circularity approach, that includes in-sourcing
and waste management dimensions, relies on several complementary
levers that include and can be illustrated as follows:
• ”Avoid” or material use optimisation - Weight reduction through
material use optimisation has always been a priority in aerospace, as
this is directly linked to aircraft performance. More optimised design
and manufacturing processes for metallic and composite components
can improve the buy-to-fly ratios, as well as reduce weight, material
consumption, energy consumption and production costs. For instance,
forming technology has led to an aluminium material reduction of 80%
for some parts compared to machining from a plate.
• ”Reduce” industrial waste - The Company focuses on the waste
generated by its sites in the manufacturing process, which is
embedded in a waste target. A dedicated multi-functional team with
skills from across the organisation such as Engineering, Information

Management, Procurement, Industrial Operations and Facility
Management is actively working on a waste reduction roadmap.
• ”Reduce” - increase the lifespan of components - A large part of the
Company’s aircraft products’ components last for the aircraft service
lifetime, which exceeds 20 years on average. Some components,
called life-limited parts (”LLPs”), have a lifetime which is limited for the
purposes of airworthiness requirements and need to be replaced at
specific intervals based on the aircraft age and usage.
• ”Repairability - reuse - second life” - With regards to LLPs, easy
replacement and availability of parts over the whole programme
lifetime are a priority. The Company’s products are maintained and
repaired by a number of maintenance, repair and overhaul (MROs)
companies and spare parts providers worldwide. The Company’s
after-sale activities include the sale of spare parts and the provision of
maintenance, repair and overhaul services.
• ”Recycling” - Waste generated by the Company’s industrial processes
often includes high-value materials, so optimising their circularity
responds to both environmental and economic objectives. The
Company is working on specific initiatives, such as specific loop
creation for titanium (see waste related actions)

6.2.6.1 Resource Use and Circular Economy IROs
The following IROs were identified for resource use and circular economy :

Description

Time horizon

Location in the value
chain

Actual negative
Resource inflow,
including resource impact
use

The aviation sector’s use of titanium in the production
of aircraft components represents a relatively high
percentage of the resource’s global stock and may
affect global resource availability.

Short-term,
mid-term,
long-term

Own Operations,
Upstream,
Downstream

ESRS E-5
- Circular
Economy

Risk
Resource inflow,
including resource
use

The risk of titanium supply disruption could have an
impact on aircraft production and deliveries, which
could affect financial performance.

/

Own operations,
Upstream

ESRS E-5
- Circular
Economy

Waste

An opportunity to reduce waste may arise from
optimising the recovery of industrial waste, such as
high-value metallic scraps. This could contribute to
more efficient industrial processes and to further
secure supply and production, which could
contribute to financial performance.

/

Own operations

ESRS

(sub-)topic

ESRS E-5
- Circular
Economy

Impact, risk or
opportunity

Opportunity

6.2.6.2 Policies (E5-1)
The Airbus Environmental Policy and Environmental Management System,
described under section ”– 6.2.1. Policies”, emphasises the Company’s
commitment to sustainable practices in its operations.
The Airbus Environmental Policy outlines the Company’s commitment to
reducing environmental impact during production and throughout the
product life cycle, eco-design, circularity, and end-of-life considerations
(including waste management in its own industrial operations). The Policy
focuses on minimising resource depletion (including virgin resources) and
the increased use of secondary materials to deliver innovative products
and services, although it does not explicitly mention transitioning away
from use of virgin resources nor sustainable sourcing and use of

renewable resources. All considerations for optimising material use shall
also, under no circumstance, be detrimental to product safety and shall
meet all technical requirements from stringent certification standards.
The Airbus Environmental Policy also emphasises the importance of
transitioning from a linear economy to a circular one, diverting waste from
landfills and avoiding the depletion of natural resources. The policy does
not explicitly mention waste hierarchy nor cover the prioritisation of
avoidance. The Company’s main industrial waste is composed of metallic
waste, general waste, chemical waste and packaging waste. Waste from
industrial activities represents about three quarters of the total waste
generated by the Company’s sites, the remaining portion being waste
generated in offices and canteens.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

167

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

For further detail on the key contents of the Environmental Policy, its
scope, accountability, relevant third party standards and initiatives as well
as the availability to and stakeholders and the considerations of their
interests, please refer to the transversal section on Environmental Policy
(section ”– 6.2.1 Policies”).

6.2.6.3 Resource inflows
6.2.6.3.1 Actions and resources (E5-2)

All of these actions are ongoing and embedded in the Company’s usual
operations.

6.2.6.3.2 Targets (E5-3)

The Company has not and does not plan to set a target on this topic. The
success of these actions is contingent upon securing commercial
agreements and consolidating demand rather than focusing on volumebased objectives.

A significant portion of the Company’s aircraft components last over 20
years, the typical aircraft service lifetime. Some components, known as
life-limited parts (LLPs), need replacement at specific intervals. Ensuring
easy replacement and availability of LLPs throughout the aircraft’s
lifecycle is a priority. The Company’s products can be maintained and
repaired by various maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) companies
and spare parts providers globally. After-sales activities include selling
spare parts and offering maintenance, repair, and overhaul services. LLPs
can be overhauled for use by other operators or for different missions,
including passenger-to-freighter conversions to extend aircraft life. The
Company also invests in lifecycle assessments (LCA) for environmental
impact, following ISO 14040 standards, and completed LCA studies for all
commercial aircraft products delivered in 2024.

Despite the absence of measurable targets, the Company tracks the
effectiveness of its policies and actions in relation to material
sustainability-related impacts, risks and opportunities. This is achieved
through a dedicated multi-functional team with various skills such as
Engineering, Information Management, Procurement, Industrial
Operations and Facility Management that is actively working on a waste
reduction roadmap that sets priorities for material inflows, manages
projects, and monitors progress. As mentioned under ”– 6.2.6.3.1 Actions
and resources (E5-2)”), weight reduction through material use optimisation
has always been a priority in aerospace, as this is directly linked to aircraft
performance.

The Company is dedicated to optimising material use as part of its
ongoing resource management strategy. The design process prioritises
weight reduction through advanced material use optimisation, which has
always been a priority in aerospace and which is directly linked to aircraft
performance. These refined and optimised design and manufacturing
processes for both metallic and composite components can contribute to
improved material utilisation rates (buy-to-fly ratios), as well as reductions
in weight, material consumption, waste generation, energy consumption,
and production costs. For instance, the redesign of metal components
using forming technologies such as stamping or forging enables
significant material usage reduction compared to machining from a solid
plate.

6.2.6.4.1 Actions and resources (E5-2)

The scope of this action encompasses manufacturing processes across
the Company, from its R&D phase to its operational deployments that
benefits of material use optimisation may be realised Company-wide. This
initiative is designed to be a continuous effort.
In the context of the EU Critical Raw Material regulation, the Company has
established and maintains an internal methodology to assess the criticality
of raw materials based on supply risk, environmental, and human rights
impacts. This initiative is driven by the increasing cross-boundary
measures impacting the supply of critical raw materials. Based on this, a
regularly updated watchlist of the most critical raw materials has been
defined to influence design and sourcing choices. Launched in 2023, this
initiative fundamentally aims to identify vulnerabilities to mitigate risks
associated with raw material supply. The mapping of critical and strategic
raw materials is ongoing in the Commercial Aircraft business.
The Company’s sustainability and environment competency strategy
seeks to cover, among others, circularity. Accordingly, since 2023 training
modules are available to employees through the Company’s training
catalogue. Examples of modules are ”Circular economy – sustainable
materials management”, ”What is circular economy”, ”Implementing
circular economy processes”, ”Circular design and manufacturing in
practice”, ”From linear to circular thinking”.

168

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6.2.6.4 Waste
Waste generated by the Company’s industrial processes often includes
high-value materials, including titanium, so optimising their circularity
responds to both environmental and economic objectives. The Company
has made substantial strides in standardising and harmonising recycling
and sorting practices across its operations while managing compliance
with local regulations applicable to it. In Europe, these practices have been
harmonised, and efforts are ongoing to achieve the same in Canada, the
US, Mexico, Morocco and Tunisia. This action applies to the whole
Company and is continuous in nature.
In its ongoing efforts to support the aerospace sector, the Company is
actively engaged in strategic raw material management, with a particular
focus on titanium. The Company is developing, in collaboration with
relevant suppliers, closed-loop scrap recycling systems for titanium,
aiming to reduce the need and reliance on primary alloys by increasing the
use of secondary flows within the aerospace sector, thereby supporting
the balance of offer and demand for titanium and bolstering titanium
aerospace sovereignty. The further development of closed loops with
suppliers of raw materials for titanium for aerospace grades is currently
under assessment. The deployment of this action has commenced in
2024 at selected Company sites and is gradually implemented on a
case-by-case basis across Company’s operations.
Over the past years and including in 2024, the Company has focused on
metering and on data robustness and accuracy for measuring waste, with
a focus on standardising the practices towards waste collectors and in line
with regulatory requirements for greater traceability. The objective is to
enhance data monitoring, reporting and forecasting capabilities in order to
steer efforts through sites on waste management. This includes a
harmonisation of definitions, processes and assumptions. Digitalisation is
leveraged as an enabler to optimise and reduce the environmental
footprint, exemplified by the collection and management of waste data on
a single company-wide platform to provide a holistic view of waste
generated and facilitate more efficient decision-making. Priority has been
given to commercial aircraft activities due to the industrial ramp-up. As of
the reporting year, most of the total waste volume produced is tracked

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
and reported on company level on a monthly basis (see table in section
”– 6.2.6.4.3 Metrics (E5-5)” below). This initiative aims at reaching a
consistent level of data maturity across all sites, thereby enhancing the
Company’s ability to manage waste and meet policy objectives. Moving
forward, the Company will continue to onboard new sites to maintain and
improve this standard of data accuracy and transparency.
All of these actions are ongoing and embedded in the Company’s usual
operations.

The Company is set to embark on a comprehensive waste reduction
roadmap starting in 2025. This initiative aims to focus on developing and
implementing strategies to minimise waste at the Company’s main
industrial sites. The roadmap would contribute to the Company’s
long-term sustainability strategy, guiding the Company towards
continuous improvement in waste management. This action applies
Company-wide and is continuous in nature.

6.2.6.4.2 Targets (E5-3)

The Company has set a voluntary objective of reducing these overall waste amounts:
Resources use & circular economy
target Waste

Waste produced excluding
exceptional waste

Unit

Target year

Target value

% vs baseline

Baseline year

Baseline value

2024 value

% 2024 vs
Baseline

tons

2030

90,764

-20%

2015

113,455

89,387

-21%

Additional targets :

with 0% directed to disposal, i.e. landfill and incineration without energy recovery

Scope: Own operations and operationally controlled entities
Assumptions: see ”– 6.2.6.4.3 Metrics (E5-5)”

The target relates to all the layers of the waste hierarchy indicated by the
ESRS: prevention, preparing for re-use, recycling, other recovery (e.g.
energy recovery) and disposal. These targets align with the Company’s
broader objective to become a recognised leader in environmental
engagement and drive eco-efficiency to sustain its business and growth.
The targets are measured relative to the 2015 baseline, and span from
2015 to 2030. The scope of these targets is limited to the Company’s own
operations and operationally controlled entities and defined
methodologies and assumptions are used to measure progress. Waste
figures are based on actual data measured.

extended perimeter. Most data was reported by entities (see table below):
while generally measured or communicated by waste contractors, certain
specific information from sites may be estimated based on past
performance when not available. Information related to the rest of the
consolidation perimeter was estimated, following a documented
methodology, which is based on modelling: employed-based, activitybased extrapolation as deemed relevant for the concerned metrics. By
exception to the consolidation perimeter described above, some small
non-controlled entities have been included in the reported figures due to
their co-location with consolidated entities (see table below).

The target was developed on the basis of internal waste reduction
perspectives and industry benchmark rather than conclusive scientific
evidence. The target was defined in collaboration with impacted Company
functions such as Facility Management, Environment, Health and Safety
and Industrial Operations and was validated by the Airbus Industrial
Environmental Roadmap cross-divisional Steering Committee.

The Company waste target includes all waste generated except
”exceptional waste”, as defined below. As a result, relevant information is
disclosed in the waste data table.

Performance monitoring is a component of the Company’s waste
management strategy. The Company relies on waste slips forwarded
electronically by waste suppliers in large proportions, while the remaining
is estimated based on past waste volumes. This dual approach aims to
provide a comprehensive view.
In 2024, non-exceptional waste production grew moderately, due to
aircraft production ramp up effects partially offset by savings from
initiatives described above (see ”– 6.2.6.4.1 Actions and resources (E5-2)”).
The 2024 level stood below the 2030 target, while the trajectory towards
this target factors in the expected effects from upcoming aircraft
production ramp-up.

6.2.6.4.3 Metrics (E5-5)

Scope of reporting and methodology
Reported data covers the Company’s own operations. In addition and to
the extent the Company related target applies to its own operations and
operationally controlled entities, it reports a second figure on this

The quantity of waste of a site is the compilation of all types of hazardous
and non-hazardous waste on site. This includes in particular waste
created by production processes on a regular basis and treated internally
and externally. If the internal treatment leads to cessation of the ”waste”
status, then the amount concerned is not reported (e.g. reuse on site,
regulatory ”end of waste” status, ”by-products”).
Reporting scope

Unit

2024

Data reported by entities

% of the Company’s employees *

96%

Data estimated

% of the Company’s employees *

4%

Non-controlled entities
% of the Company’s employees *
included in the reported
figures due to their co-location

0.4%

% of total waste volume

15%

Estimated share of final waste
treatment information pending
waste collector information

* ”employee” includes active corkforce only (for definition see section ”– 6.3.2.6 Characteristics
of the undertaking’s employees (S1-6)”).

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

169

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

Notes related to categories and treatments:
Exceptional waste: Waste from the construction/deconstruction of
buildings, dismantling of installations, and incidents caused by external
factors beyond the Company’s control (e.g. fire, weather events).

Recycling: backfilling operations are included in the recycling volumes as
per the European Waste Framework Directive reporting guidelines.

Resources use & Circular Economy Metrics - Waste

Unit

2024

Total amount of waste generated in Company’s own operations

tons

229,389

Total amount of waste diverted from disposal by recovery operations

tons

207,469

Total amount of hazardous waste diverted from disposal by recovery operations

tons

15,236

Of which, amount going to recycling

tons

6,828

Of which, amount going to energy recovery

tons

5,523

Of which, amount going to any other recovery operation (pre-treatment/temporary status)

tons

2,885

Total amount of non hazardous waste diverted from disposal by recovery operations

tons

192,233

Of which, amount going to recycling

tons

161,907

Of which, amount going to energy recovery

tons

10,921

Of which, amount going to any other recovery operation (pre-treatment/temporary status)

tons

19,405

Total amount of waste directed to disposal

tons

21,920

Total amount of hazardous waste directed to disposal

tons

10,926

Of which, amount going to landfilling

tons

992.4

Of which, amount going to incineration without energy recovery

tons

2,766

tons

7,168

tons

10,994

Of which, amount going to landfilling

tons

5,955

Of which, amount going to incineration without energy recovery

tons

183.1

Of which, amount going to any other disposal operation - (pre-treatment/temporary status)

tons

4,856

tons

60,653

%

26.4%

Of which, amount going to any other disposal operation - (pre-treatment/temporary status)
Total amount of non hazardous waste directed to disposal

Total amount of non-recycled waste

% of non-recycled waste
Breakdown per waste category
% of general waste

%

11.6%

% of metallic waste

%

12.0%

% of chemical waste

%

9.0%

% of packaging waste

%

5.6%

% of construction and demolition waste

%

60.8%

% of other waste categories

%

0.9%

Total amount of hazardous waste

tons

26,162

Total amount of waste generated - own operations and operationally controlled entities

tons

230,225

Of which, exceptional waste

tons

140,837

tons

89,387

Additional information linked to the Company’s waste performance monitoring

🏳

Of which, non-exceptional waste (Company’s target related metric)
Of which, proportion of general waste

%

29.2%

Of which, proportion metallic waste

%

29.0%

Of which, proportion of chemical waste

%

23.1%

Of which, proportion of packaging waste

%

14.7%

Of which, proportion of other waste categories

%

4.0%

tons

21,938

%

9.5%

Total amount of waste directed to disposal (i.e. directed to landfill or incineration w/o energy recovery - Company’s target
related metric)
% waste directed to disposal

170

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
6.2.7 EU Taxonomy - Disclosures
pursuant to Article 8 of
Regulation (EU) 2020/852
(Taxonomy Regulation)
6.2.7.1 Foreword
In November 2023, the European Commission officially published a
delegated act for the EU Taxonomy Regulation(1) including a set of criteria
for aviation related activities. The manufacturing of aircraft is recognised
as an eligible activity, supported by the decarbonisation potential brought
by the latest generation of commercial aircraft through the replacement of
the current fleet and the importance of an ambitious SAF ramp up, as well
as by ”zero direct tailpipe CO2 emissions” technologies, which are key
components of the Company’s transition plan. Given the Company’s
product portfolio, the vast majority (see details in ”- Regulatory disclosure”
section below) of Revenue, Capital Expenditures (CapEx) and Operating
Expenses (OpEx) reported under the EU Taxonomy are related to the
”Manufacturing of aircraft”.
The Company has screened and assessed the published technical
screening criteria related to activity ”3.21 Manufacturing of aircraft” under
the environmental objective of climate change mitigation. The draft
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) published by the EU Commission on
November 29, 2024 ”on the interpretation and implementation of certain
legal provisions of the EU Taxonomy Environmental Delegated Act, the EU
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act and the EU Taxonomy Disclosures
Delegated Act” as well as prior FAQs published by the EU Commission
were also taken into consideration by the Company in preparing its
disclosures in accordance with the EU Taxonomy Regulation for fiscal year
2024.

6.2.7.2 Regulatory disclosure
The EU Taxonomy is a classification system establishing a list of
environmentally sustainable economic activities defined by the EU
Taxonomy Regulation. The EU Taxonomy Regulation focuses on six
environmental objectives: (1) ”climate change mitigation”, (2) ”climate
change adaptation”, (3) ”sustainable use and protection of water and
marine resources”, (4) ”transition to a circular economy”, (5) ”pollution
prevention and control”, and (6) ”protection and restoration of biodiversity
and ecosystems”. An economic activity is considered a Taxonomy-eligible
economic activity if it is described in one of the delegated acts
supplementing the EU Taxonomy Regulation. An economic activity is
considered Taxonomy-aligned and thus considered environmentally
sustainable under the EU Taxonomy, if it fulfils the technical screening
criteria (”TSC”) and thereby substantially contributes to one or more of the
environmental objectives while doing no significant harm (”DNSH”) to any
of the other environmental objectives and complying with the minimum
safeguards. The EU Taxonomy aims to direct investments towards

sustainable projects and activities in order to meet the EU’s climate and
energy targets and reach the objectives of the European Green Deal.
The TSC have been progressively defined against the six environmental
objectives, firstly under the Climate Delegated Act(82) which became
applicable as of 1 January 2022 and the Complementary Climate
Delegated Act(3) which became applicable as of 1 January 2023. In 2023,
the Environmental Delegated Act(4) - including economic activities relating
to the other four environmental objectives - and the amendments to the
Climate Delegated Act(5) - adding additional climate related economic
activities and criteria, including aviation-related ones - were adopted,
being applicable from 1 January 2024 (covering FY23 for eligibility and
alignment reporting due for FY24).
EU Taxonomy assessment for FY 2024
The Company performed an analysis of its business activities against the
taxonomy-eligible activities referenced in the applicable Delegated Acts
and has assessed compliance with the relevant TSC as well as the
minimum safeguards. The process and results of this assessment have
been included in the following sections.
Identification of Taxonomy-eligible activities
The Company examined all of its business activities to identify the
Taxonomy-eligible activities in accordance with the Annexes to the
Climate Delegated Act (CDA), the Environmental Delegated Act (EDA) and
the Complementary Delegated Act on Gas and Nuclear Activities. The
majority of the Company’s revenue, CapEx and OpEx (e.g. manufacturing
of commercial aircraft, military aircraft and helicopters) fall under the
activity ”3.21 Manufacturing of aircraft” relating to the environmental
objective of climate change mitigation (”CCM”). There were no material
changes to the identified eligible activities in financial year 2024 compared
to financial year 2023. However, as outlined below (see 2. Contextual
information), the Company has decided to report its investments formerly
reported individually under the infrastructure activities CCM 4.24, 7.3, 7.6
and 8.1 under its core activity CCM 3.21 Manufacturing of aircraft as these
investments can be seen as ultimately supporting the Company’s core
activity.
Beyond activity ”3.21 Manufacturing of aircraft” no further material
Taxonomy-eligible activities were identified across all six environmental
objectives. As this activity is only eligible under the environmental
objective of climate change mitigation, the supplementary table to be
filled in when a company contributes to multiple objectives was thus not
relevant and excluded from the report. The Company does not perform
any gas or nuclear related economic activities as described in the
Commission Delegated Regulation 2022/1214. The respective ’template 1’
from Annex XII to the Taxonomy Disclosure Delegated Act is filled in
accordingly (see hereafter). In 2024, the preparation and disclosure of
figures as per Taxonomy requirements did not require any disaggregation.
Alignment assessment for the identified Taxonomy-eligible activities
To evaluate whether the identified Taxonomy-eligible activity ”3.21
Manufacturing of aircraft” is Taxonomy-aligned and thus sustainable

(1) Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending Regulation (EU)
2019/2088 (Link)
(2) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council (Link)
(3) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022 amending Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 and Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 (Link)
(4) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2486 of 27 June 2023 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council and amending Commission Delegated
Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 (Link)
(5) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 amending Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 (Link)

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

171

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

according to the EU Taxonomy, the TSC (including DNSH criteria) and
minimum safeguards were assessed.

the other environmental objectives. The assessment for each of the
respective DNSH criteria is outlined in detail below.

The assessment of the criteria for making a substantial contribution to
climate change mitigation was carried out at activity and aircraft level. The
assessment of the DNSH criteria was performed at a site level for
Appendix A (climate risk assessment), Appendix B (generic criteria for
DNSH to sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources)
and Appendix D (generic criteria for DNSH to protection and restoration of
biodiversity and ecosystems) of the CDA and at activity level for Appendix
C (generic criteria for DNSH to pollution prevention and control regarding
use and presence of chemicals) and the specific DNSH for Pollution
prevention and control . The compliance with the minimum safeguards
was assessed at company level.

Climate Change Adaptation. As described in section ”– 6.2.2.3
Description of the processes to identify and assess material climaterelated impacts, risks and opportunities (ESRS 2 IRO-1) and Material
impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and
business model (ESRS 2 SBM-3)” the Company performed a climate risk
and vulnerability assessment to identify physical climate risks affecting the
production sites related to its core activity ”3.21 Manufacturing of aircraft”.
The physical climate risks the Company identified were assessed based
on the lifetime of the relevant assets. The Company’s’ physical climate risk
assessment is based on the Representative Concentration Pathway
(RCP8.5) and the Shared Socioeconomic Pathway (SSP5-8.5) scenario to
the year 2050 and thus assumes the highest concentration of CO2
according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). The
relevance of the identified climate risks was assessed for each site and, if
appropriate, the measures needed to mitigate risks material to the activity
”3.21 Manufacturing of aircraft” were developed and a corresponding
adaptation plan formulated which is going to be implemented within five
years. As part of the formulation and implementation of this adaptation
plan, the Company is in the process of conducting site visits of each of its
relevant production sites.

1. Substantial Contribution
To determine if an economic activity is Taxonomy-aligned, it must
substantially contribute to one or more of the environmental objectives.
For Airbus Commercial related activities only the latest generation aircraft
that are not produced for private or commercial business aviation fulfil the
substantial contribution criteria(1): A220 family, A320neo family, A330neo
family, A350XWB family. Therefore the following are considered only as
eligible and not-aligned: ”ceo” variants of A330 and Single Aisle
programmes, Aircraft sold as part of Airbus Corporate Jets (ACJ)
business.Some project aircraft also fulfil the criteria for aircraft with zero
direct CO2 emissions. Associated financial amounts being confidential, the
corresponding aligned amounts are included into the amounts categorised
in ”transitional activities”, which corresponds to the substantial
contribution criteria described above. Aircraft produced by Airbus
Helicopters and Airbus Defence and Space cannot fulfil the substantial
contribution criteria as it is based on a technical certification standard that
is only applicable to commercial aircraft.
By applying the global replacement ratio(2) for its aircraft meeting the
alignment criteria, the Company can determine the share of concerned
KPIs as aligned.
Key figure

Unit

Global replacement ratio

%

48%

2. Do No Significant Harm (DNSH)
In order to report activity ”3.21 Manufacturing of Aircraft” as aligned,
besides making a substantial contribution to climate change mitigation,
the Company further needs to ensure that it does no significant harm to
(1) As per described in the CDA, substantial contribution point (b) under the activity ”3.21
Manufacturing of aircraft” cover the aircrafts: (i) having maximum take-off mass greater than 5,7 t
and less than or equal to 60 t and a certified metric value of CO2 emissions of at least 11 % less
than the New Type limit of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) standard; (ii) having
a maximum take-off mass greater than 60 t and less than or equal to 150 t and a certified metric
value of CO2 emissions of at least 2% less than the New Type limit of the ICAO standard; (iii)
having a maximum take-off mass greater than 150 t and a certified metric value of CO2 emissions
of at least 1,5 % less than the New Type limit of the ICAO standard.”
(2) Extract from the draft Frequently asked questions (FAQs) published by the EU Commission on
November 29, 2024 ”The global replacement ratio is calculated based on the proportion of
aircraft permanently withdrawn from use to aircraft delivered at the global level averaged over the
preceding 10 years as evidenced by verified data available from independent data providers”.
”The ratio is recalculated for each reporting year, as the GRR is dynamic and the underlying data
will change each year”. ”The GRR for the reporting year ending in 2024 is 48%”. ”The details of the
GRR calculation are available at the EASA website at: https://www.easa.europa.eu/en/
eutaxonomy-sustainable-activities”.

172

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources. The
Company evaluated its economic activities with respect to the sustainable
use and protection of water and marine resources considering the three
following criteria: preserving water quality, avoiding water stress and
preserving the good environmental status of marine waters and fulfilling
the requirements of all three criteria. In addition, for sites located in areas
of high-water stress, water reduction targets have been set. For Company
sites located near marine waters, it was ensured that the Company’s
activities do not hamper the achievement of good environmental status of
marine waters.
DNSH Transition to a circular economy. The Company assessed the
possibility and actual use of secondary raw materials, the recyclability and
durability of the product, and the traceability of substances of concern
were assessed. Where feasible the Company does use secondary raw
materials and has implemented internal policies and guidelines regarding
material use. All Airbus aircraft are manufactured to be highly durable to
meet demanding airworthiness certification criteria that aim to ensure
their safety while being used in harsh atmospheric conditions. Measures
are in place to manage and recycle waste at the end-of-life. Measures are
in place to manage waste in a way that maximises recycling and reuse in
accordance with the waste hierarchy (for more information on waste
management see section ”– 6.2.6.4 Waste”).
DNSH Pollution prevention and control. The Company evaluated its core
activity with respect to the use of certain substances as laid out in
Appendix C of Annex I to the Climate Delegated Act. The Company has
established processes which aim to monitor and facilitate compliance with
requirements and limits relating to the use of chemical substances at its
production sites. For hazardous substances that are categorised as being
of very high concern in accordance with Articles 57 and 59 of the REACH
Regulation that are used or present in the final product, feasible
substitutes are sought. If suitable alternatives to use of these hazardous
substances are not available for deployment, they are used under
controlled conditions in accordance with Chemicals and Health & Safety
laws and regulations. Substances meeting the criteria of the Classification

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
Labelling and Packaging (CLP) regulation in one of the hazard classes or
hazard categories mentioned in Article 57 of the REACH Regulation are
used under controlled conditions in accordance with Chemicals and
Health & Safety laws and regulations. An application of Appendix C criteria
that effectively bans use of substances referred to in it, de facto renders
any alignment impossible for a manufacturing activity subject to Appendix
C. In addition, an application of Appendix C criteria considering the use of
substances pursuant to regulations applicable to the Company, an
entity-specific disclosure, is presented in ”– 6.2.7.3 Alignment assessment
- conditional use of substances”.
The Company’s aircraft that fulfil Significant Contribution Criteria point
(b) comply with the relevant requirements referred to in Article 9(2) of
Regulation (EU) 2018/1139 and fulfill the respective amendments of the
Chicago Convention mentioned under the DNSH Pollution prevention and
control.
DNSH Protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems.
Compliance with the DNSH criteria on biodiversity and ecosystems was
assessed by checking that, for Airbus’ sites for which an environmental
impact assessment - including the implementation of respective measures
- was required, such assessment was actually conducted. For all other
sites, it was assessed whether the site is in or near a biodiversity-sensitive
area, and, if so, it was checked whether a nature conservation assessment
has been performed and whether nature conservation measures have
been defined and subsequently implemented.
3.Minimum safeguards
As the final step of its alignment assessment, the Company assessed its
compliance with the minimum safeguards (”MS”). The MS include all
procedures implemented to ensure that economic activities are carried
out in compliance with:
• the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises (OECD MNE
Guidelines) published in 2023;
• the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs),
including the principles and rights set out in the eight fundamental
conventions identified in the Declaration of the International Labour
Organization on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work; and
• the International Bill of Human Rights.
In Airbus Code of Conduct, the Company has, among other points,
committed to comply with the International Labour Organization (ILO)
Conventions and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development (OECD) Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. The
Company furthermore has established due diligence processes (see
section 6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due diligence) related to human
rights and anti-corruption and bribery and is complying with competition
laws and tax regulations in all jurisdictions in which the Company is active
(see section ”– 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate culture
(G1-1)”)
EU Taxonomy KPIs Accompanying Information
1. Accounting Policy
The Company’s EU Taxonomy disclosure covers the following scope: EU
Taxonomy share of revenue, CapEx and OpEx of the Company’s
consolidated financial statements. For information regarding accounting
treatment of the applicable financial KPIs, please refer to the ”Notes to the
IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements” (Note 4: Significant Accounting
Policies).

Revenue, CapEx and OpEx were determined and allocated to the
numerator by performing a mapping between the description of activities
in the EU Taxonomy and the Company’s portfolio of sources of revenues,
investments and expenses. The only source for financial data for EU
Taxonomy is FACTS, the consolidated accounting information system
used by the Company to publish its financial statements. The Company
has been allocated one taxonomy activity and one environmental
objective, avoiding the risk of double counting.
2. Contextual information
For the assessment of ”Manufacturing of aircraft” activity in relation with
its product portfolio, ”aircraft” covers the Company’s commercial aircraft,
military aircraft and helicopters. According to the published TSC related to
”Manufacturing of Aircraft”, the substantial contribution criteria to the
climate change mitigation objective can be assessed (1) for ”zero direct
tailpipe CO2 emission” aircraft, or (2) for aircraft meeting performance
criteria based on the ICAO CO2 standard. For those aircraft that meet the
performance criteria based on the ICAO CO2 standard, the Company has
applied the global replacement ratio published by the EASA (see figure
above).
The global replacement ratio acts as a proxy for identifying the aircraft not
increasing the worldwide fleet number as required by the TSC, i.e. that
have been permanently withdrawn from use to aircraft delivered at the
global level averaged over the preceding 10 years and it is currently
provided by the European Union Aviation Safety Agency (EASA). The
Company’s consolidated financial information system categorises
revenues, CapEx and Opex by ”EADS products” (or programme), which
shall be used in order to identify the ratio and percentage of alignment.
The methodology for categorisation will depend on the activities
performed at each EADS product in accordance with the EU Taxonomy
criteria. Some of Airbus activities are not allocated to any particular
programme for that reason a specific grouping called ”multi programme”
is created which regroups all revenues/costs. It is possible that some of
the activities included fail the Technical Screening Criteria. In order to not
account for it as aligned, the Delivery Adjustment Factor is implemented.
The calculation is as follows:
(CEO & ACJ a/c delivered)
(Total a/c delivered).
2.1. Contextual Information about Revenue KPI
The eligibility of revenue includes aircraft and revenue corresponding to
activity ”3.21 Manufacturing of Aircraft” and includes manufacturing,
maintenance, repair and overhaul activities. Revenue related to other
activities has been assessed and no revenues have been identified that
match any other economic activities. For more information about Airbus
consolidated revenues, please see ”1. Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated
Financial Statements” in the 2024 Financial Statements.
2.2. Contextual Information about CapEx KPI
The CapEx KPI includes additions to property, plant, and equipment and
intangible assets (for more information about Airbus consolidated capital
expenditures, please see ”– ”Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial
Statements - Note 11. Segment Information, Segment capital
expenditures” in the 2024 Financial Statements”), following the EU
taxonomy guidance, the right-of-use assets from leases and business
combinations have been added. The only eligible CapEx is related to the
activity ”3.21 Manufacturing of aircraft” in the climate mitigation objective.
In 2023 the Company reported on infrastructure related economic

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

173

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

activities individually under the activities CCM 4.24, 7.3, 7.6 and 8.1., In
2024 the Company continued to invest in decarbonising its industrial
operations however, those investments are reported as eligible under
activity ”3.21 Manufacturing of aircraft” as these are seen as enabling
investments to manufacture Airbus products. The Company has not
identified eligible or aligned individual CapEx for other environmental
objectives.
The capital expenditures disclosed under the CapEx KPI are not part of a
CapEx Plan meeting the conditions specified under the EU Taxonomy
Regulation.
2.3. Contextual Information About the OpEx KPI
In the context of the EU Taxonomy reporting, the Company’s OpEx KPI
considers research and development costs, and is therefore related to
”Manufacturing of aircraft” activity. Building renovation measures,
short-term lease, maintenance and repair cost and other expenses were
not included, as they are non-significant (see – ”Notes to the IFRS
Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 13. Research and Development
Expenses”).

174

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

3. Future Developments
The Company will continue to report under the EU Taxonomy with regard
to its Taxonomy‐eligible economic activities as well as its Taxonomy‐
aligned economic activities. This entails a further and continuous review of
the economic activities. Future guidance on the EU Taxonomy could result
in updated definitions and other decision making in meeting reporting
obligations that may come into force. The Company expects that its
reporting will evolve over time as more insights will be gained on how best
to comply with the EU Taxonomy. Activities from the Company’s two
Divisions (Airbus Helicopters and Airbus Defence and Space) may be
covered to some extent in future developments of the EU Taxonomy, as
some of the Company’s activities are not yet included in the Taxonomy.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
EU Taxonomy KPIs Proportion of Revenue from Products or Services Associated with Taxonomy-aligned Economic Activities - Disclosure covering Year
2024
Financial year N

Year

Economic activities
(1)
Code
(2)

(a)

Revenue
(3)

Proportion
of
revenue
year N (4)

Currency
In m €

Text

DNSH criteria (’Does Not Significantly
Harm’(h)

Substantial contribution criteria

%

SC5
(5)

SC6
(6)

SC7
(7)

SC8
(8)

SC9
(9)

SC10
(9)

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

Proportion
of
Taxonomy
aligned
(A.1) or
-eligible
(A.2)
revenue,
year N-1
(18)
Cat19 Cat20

DN11
(11)

DN12
(12)

DN13
(13)

DN14
(14)

DN15
(15)

DN16
(16)

MS17

(b)(c)

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

%

E

T

A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
Revenue of
environmentally
sustainable activities
(Taxonomy-aligned)
(A.1)

0

0%

0%

%

%

%

%

%

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

0%

Of which enabling

0

0%

%

%

%

%

%

%

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

0%

Of which transitional

0

0%

0%

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

0%

T

E
T

A.2. Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (g)

Manufacturing of
aircraft (c)
Revenue of Taxonomyeligible but not
environmentally
sustainable activities
(not Taxonomy-

CCM
3.21

EL;
N/EL

EL;
N/EL

EL;
N/EL

EL;
N/EL

EL;
N/EL

EL;
N/EL

(f)

(f)

(f)

(f)

(f)

(f)

64,116

93%

EL

N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL

91%

64,116

93%

91%

64,116

93%

91%

aligned) (A.2)
A. Revenue of
Taxonomy-eligible
activities (A.1 + A.2)

B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
Revenue of
Taxonomy-noneligible activities

5,114

7%

Total

69,230

100%

SC5 - Climate change mitigation
SC6 - Climate change adaptation
SC7 - Water
SC8 - Pollution
SC9 - Circular economy
SC10 - Biodiversity

DN11 - Climate change mitigation
DN12 - Climate change adaptation
DN13 - Water
DN14 - Pollution
DN15 - Circular economy
DN16 - Biodiversity

MS17 - Minimum safeguards
Cat19 - Category enabling
activity
Cat20 - Category transitional
activity

(a) The Code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution, as well as the section number of the activity in the
relevant Annex covering the objective, i.e.: Climate Change Mitigation: CCM; Climate Change Adaptation: CCA; Water and Marine Resources: WTR; Circular Economy: CE; Pollution Prevention and
Control: PPC; Biodiversity and ecosystems: BIO.
(b) Y – Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective; N – No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental
objective; N/EL – Not eligible, Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.
(c) Where an economic activity contributes substantially to multiple environmental objectives, the most relevant environmental objective for the purpose of computing the KPIs of financial
undertakings while avoiding double counting is indicated in bold. The extent of eligibility and alignment per environmental objective, that includes alignment with each of environmental objectives for
activities contributing substantially to several objectives, is reported in the left table.
(d) The same activity may align with only one or more environmental objectives for which it is eligible.
(e) The same activity may be eligible and not aligned with the relevant environmental objectives.
(f) EL – Taxonomy-eligible activity for the relevant objective N/EL – Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant objective.
(g) Activities are reported in Section A.2 of this template only if they are not aligning to any environmental objective for which they are eligible. Activities that align to at least one environmental
objective are reported in Section A.1 of this template.
(h) For an activity to be reported in Section A.1 all DNSH criteria and minimum safeguards shall be met. For activities listed under A2, columns (5) to (17) are filled in on a voluntary basis. The substantial
contribution and DNSH criteria that they meet or do not meet may be indicated in Section A.2 by using: (a) for substantial contribution – Y/N and N/EL codes instead of EL and N/EL; and (b) for DNSH –
Y/N codes.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

175

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

EU Taxonomy KPIs Proportion of CapEx from Products or Services Associated with Taxonomy-aligned, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-non-eligible
Economic Activities - Disclosure Covering year 2024
Financial year N

Year

DNSH criteria (’Does Not Significantly
Harm’)(h)

Substantial contribution criteria

Proportion of

Economic activities
(1)

Code(a)
(2)

CapEx
(3)

Proportion
of CapEx
year N (4)

Taxonomy

SC5
(5)

SC6
(6)

SC7
(7)

SC8
(8)

SC9
(9)

SC10
(10)

DN11
(11)

DN12
(12)

DN13
(13)

DN14
(14)

DN15
(15)

DN16
(16)

MS17 aligned (A.1)
Cat19 Cat20
or -eligible
(17)
(A.2) CapEx
year N-1 (18)

Currency

%

Text

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

0%

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

%

%

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

0%

%

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

0%

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

0%

E

T

A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)

0

0%

Of which enabling

0

0%

%

Of which transitional

0

0%

0%

CapEx of environmentally
sustainable activities

T

(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)

A.2. Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned)

E
T

(g)

EL;
EL;
EL;
EL;
EL;
EL;
N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL
(f)

(f)

(f)

(f)

(f)

(f)

Manufacturing of aircraft

CCM
3.21

3,641

80%

EL

N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL

75%

Production of heat and cool
from bioenergy(c)(d)

CCM 4.24
/CCA 4.24

0

0%

EL

EL

N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL

0%

Installation, maintenance and
repair of energy efficiency
equipment

CCM 7.3/
CCA 7.3

0

0%

EL

EL

N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL

1%

Installation, maintenance and CCM 7.6/
repair of renewable energy
CCA 7.6
technologies

0

0%

Data processing, hosting and
related activities

0%
0%

CCM 8.1

CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible
but not environmentally
sustainable activities (not
Taxonomy-aligned) (A.2)

3,641

80%

%

%

%

%

%

%

76%

A. CapEx of Taxonomyeligible activities (A.1 + A.2)

3,641

80%

%

%

%

%

%

%

76%

B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
CapEx of Taxonomy-noneligible activities

908

20%

Total

4,549

100%

SC5 - Climate change mitigation
SC6 - Climate change adaptation
SC7 - Water
SC8 - Pollution
SC9 - Circular economy
SC10 - Biodiversity

DN11 - Climate change mitigation
DN12 - Climate change adaptation
DN13 - Water
DN14 - Pollution
DN15 - Circular economy
DN16 - Biodiversity

MS17 - Minimum safeguards
Cat19 - Category (enabling
activity or)
Cat20 - Category ’(transitional
activity)’

(a) The Code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution, as well as the section number of the activity in the
relevant Annex covering the objective, i.e.: Climate Change Mitigation: CCM; Climate Change Adaptation: CCA; Water and Marine Resources: WTR; Circular Economy: CE; Pollution Prevention and
Control: PPC; Biodiversity and ecosystems: BIO.
(b) Y – Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective; N – No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental
objective; N/EL – not eligible, Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.
(c) Where an economic activity contributes substantially to multiple environmental objectives, the most relevant environmental objective for the purpose of computing the KPIs of financial
undertakings while avoiding double counting is indicated in bold. The extent of eligibility and alignment per environmental objective, that includes alignment with each of environmental objectives for
activities contributing substantially to several objectives, is reported in the left table.
(d) The same activity may align with only one or more environmental objectives for which it is eligible.
(e) The same activity may be eligible and not aligned with the relevant environmental objectives.
(f) EL – Taxonomy-eligible activity for the relevant objective N/EL – Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant objective.
(g) Activities are reported in Section A.2 of this template only if they are not aligning to any environmental objective for which they are eligible. Activities that align to at least one environmental
objective are reported in Section A.1 of this template.
(h) For an activity to be reported in Section A.1 all DNSH criteria and minimum safeguards shall be met. For activities listed under A2, columns (5) to (17) are filled in on a voluntary basis. The substantial
contribution and DNSH criteria that they meet or do not meet may be indicated in Section A.2 by using: (a) for substantial contribution – Y/N and N/EL codes instead of EL and N/EL; and (b) for DNSH –
Y/N codes.

176

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

6
EU Taxonomy KPIs Proportion of OpEx from Products or Services Associated with Taxonomy-aligned Economic Activities - Disclosure Covering year
2024
Financial year N

Economic activities
(1)

Year

Code
(a)

(2)

OpEx
(3)

Currency

Text

DNSH criteria (’Does Not Significantly
Harm’) (f)

Substantial contribution criteria

Proportion
SC5
of OpEx
(5)
year N (4)

SC6
(6)

SC7
(7)

SC8
(8)

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

Y;N;
N/EL

Proportion
of
TaxonomySC9 SC10 DN11 DN12 DN13 DN14 DN15 DN16 MS17
aligned
Cat19 Cat20
(9)
(10)
(11)
(12)
(13) (14)
(15) (16)
(17)
(A.1)
or-eligible
(A.2) OpEx;
year N-1 (18)
Y;N; Y;N;
Y/N
%
E
T
N/EL N/EL Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N Y/N

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

(b)(c)

%

A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)
OpEx of environmentally
sustainable activities
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1)

0

0%

0%

%

%

%

%

%

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

0%

Of which enabling

0

0%

%

%

%

%

%

%

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

0%

Of which transitional

0

0%

0%

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

0%

E

T

A.2 Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)

EL;
EL;
EL;
EL;
EL;
EL;
N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL
(e)

(e)

(e)

(e)

(e)

(e)

3,054

94%

EL

N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL N/EL

93%

OpEx of Taxonomy-eligible
but not environmentally
sustainable activities (not
Taxonomy-aligned
activities) (A.2)

3,054

94%

%

%

%

%

%

%

93%

A. Opex of Taxonomy
eligible activities
(A.1 + A.2)

3,054

94%

%

%

%

%

%

%

93%

Manufacturing of aircraft (d)

CCM
3.21

B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES
OpEx of Taxonomy-noneligible activities (B)

196

6%

Total

3,250

100%

SC5 - Climate change mitigation
SC6 - Climate change adaptation
SC7 - Water
SC8 - Pollution
SC9 - Circular economy
SC10 - Biodiversity

DN11 - Climate change mitigation
DN12 - Climate change adaptation
DN13 - Water
DN14 - Pollution
DN15 - Circular economy
DN16 - Biodiversity

MS17 - Minimum safeguards
Cat19 - Category enabling
activity
Cat20 - Category transitional
activity

(a) The Code constitutes the abbreviation of the relevant objective to which the economic activity is eligible to make a substantial contribution, as well as the section number of the activity in the
relevant Annex covering the objective, i.e.: Climate Change Mitigation: CCM; Climate Change Adaptation: CCA; Water and Marine Resources: WTR; Circular Economy: CE; Pollution Prevention and
Control: PPC; Biodiversity and ecosystems: BIO.
(b) Y – Yes, Taxonomy-eligible and Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental objective; N – No, Taxonomy-eligible but not Taxonomy-aligned activity with the relevant environmental
objective; N/EL – not eligible, Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant environmental objective.
(c) Where an economic activity contributes substantially to multiple environmental objectives, the most relevant environmental objective for the purpose of computing the KPIs of financial
undertakings while avoiding double counting is indicated in bold. The extent of eligibility and alignment per environmental objective, that includes alignment with each of environmental objectives for
activities contributing substantially to several objectives, is reported in the left table.
(d) The same activity may align with only one or more environmental objectives for which it is eligible.
(e) The same activity may be eligible and not aligned with the relevant environmental objectives.
(f) EL – Taxonomy-eligible activity for the relevant objective N/EL – Taxonomy-non-eligible activity for the relevant objective.
(g) Activities are reported in Section A.2 of this template only if they are not aligning to any environmental objective for which they are eligible. Activities that align to at least one environmental
objective are reported in Section A.1 of this template.
(h) For an activity to be reported in Section A.1 all DNSH criteria and minimum safeguards shall be met. For activities listed under A2, columns (5) to (17) are filled in on a voluntary basis. The substantial
contribution and DNSH criteria that they meet or do not meet may be indicated in Section A.2 by using: (a) for substantial contribution – Y/N and N/EL codes instead of EL and N/EL; and (b) for DNSH –
Y/N codes.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

177

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.2 Environmental Information

Nuclear and fossil gas related activities
Row

Nuclear energy related activities

1

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity
generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.

NO

2

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or
process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety
upgrades, using best available technologies.

NO

3

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process
heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their
safety upgrades.

NO

Fossil gas related activities
4

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity
using fossil gaseous fuels.

NO

5

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power
generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.

NO

6

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce
heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

NO

6.2.7.3 Alignment assessment - conditional use of substances
In the absence of implementation guidance by the EU Commission or the Netherlands on the DNSH pollution criteria (EU Taxonomy - Appendix C), the
Company reports in addition, as an entity-specific disclosure, a set of information considering the use of substances pursuant to regulations applicable
to the Company for the alignment of the Company’s ”Manufacturing of Aircraft” activity.
2024 key figures

Eligible (M€)

Eligible (%)

Aligned (M€)

Aligned (%)

Under application of DNSH pollution prevention/control criteria considering use of substances permitted under applicable conditions (cf above
section 6.2.7.3)
64,116

93%

CapEx

3,641

80%

1,472

32%

OpEx

3,054

94%

1,440

44%

Revenue

20,944

30%

Under application of DNSH pollution prevention/control criteria preventing any use of substances (cf above section 6.2.7.2, ”Alignment assessment”,
para 2 (DNSH))
Revenue

64,116

93%

0

0%

CapEx

3,641

80%

0

0%

OpEx

3,054

94%

0

0%

178

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6.3 Social Information
6.3.1 Policies
To manage social IROs the Company has put in place social policies which
aim to prevent, mitigate or remediate impacts on rightsholders. The Airbus
Company Human Rights Policy and the International Framework
agreement, detailed below, cut across several parts of the value chain.
They are complemented by policies which are more specifically focused
on material topics linked to the Company’s own workforce, workers in the
value chain and end-users and consumers as detailed below in the ESRS
S1, S2, and S4 sections respectively. Policies are embedded into the
Airbus Business Management System through specific Directives (see
”– 6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due diligence”).
Human Rights Policy
The Company’s human rights ambition is to ’embed and advance respect
for human rights throughout its business, operations and supply chain’. As
such, the Company is committed to upholding fundamental human rights
taking into account the following international standards and principles:
• International Bill of Human Rights, consisting of the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and
Political Rights and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and
Cultural Rights
• United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights
(UNGPs)
• International Labour Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental
Principles and Rights at Work
• OECD (Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development)
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises on Responsible Business
Conduct
• OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct
• Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact, of which Airbus has been a
signatory since 2003
The Airbus Company Human Rights Policy outlines the Company’s
expectations towards respecting human rights and preventing adverse
human rights impacts including through governance, undertaking ongoing
human rights due diligence, stakeholder engagement, access to
grievance mechanisms, and regular monitoring including by top
management. The Company’s policy commitments are being embedded
throughout the Company through a Sustainability Due Diligence and
Human Rights Directive which defines and establishes a set of Company
business requirements. These business requirements will be integrated
into the Company’s Business Management System and be supported by
methods, processes and guidance. Internal capacity building, including
training and awareness raising, will also support adherence.
The policy covers various aspects such as forced labour including modern
slavery and human trafficking, child labour, migrant workers, social
dialogue and freedom of association including collective bargaining,
remuneration, working time, occupational health and safety, inclusive
workplaces, harassment, data privacy, community impacts, products and
services including product safety, and supplier engagement. It applies to
all Company employees worldwide, including in divisions and controlled
affiliates, and encourages non-controlled affiliates to adopt similar
standards. It also covers contractors whilst on premises of the Company
or at work under the responsibility of the Company.

6
The Chief Sustainability Officer, an Executive Committee member, holds
top-level accountability for human rights. Signatories of the Airbus
Company Human Rights Policy as released in May 2022 also includes the
CEOs of Airbus Defence and Space and Airbus Helicopters, as well as the
Chief Human Resources & Workplace Officer, the General Counsel, the
Chief Procurement Officer, and the Chief Operating Officer. In addition to
the third party social assessment process (see Step 2 in ”– 6.1.1.2.4
GOV-4: Statement on due diligence”), implementation of the policy is
primarily monitored through mechanisms being established in the
Company’s Business Management System, such as the process to
Manage Company Performance, including the definition of objectives,
regular performance reviews and execution of corrective actions in case
of deviations from target.
The policy was developed with input from internal and external
stakeholders, including divisional and functional representatives of the
Human Rights Core Team and Steering Committee, members of the Legal
& Compliance team, human rights experts, academics, and civil society. It
was also discussed at the Airbus Global Forum and the Societas Europaea
Works Council, which represents the Company’s European social
partners. The Airbus Human Rights Policy statement is publicly available
on the Company website.
In cases where the Company identifies that it has caused or contributed to
an adverse impact, it will seek to address such impacts through
appropriate remediation, aiming to restore affected persons to their
original situation where possible. Remediation efforts will be proportionate
to the significance and scale of the adverse impact and may involve
cooperation with relevant stakeholders.
International Framework Agreement
The International Framework Agreement (IFA) reaffirms the Company’s
willingness to respect the regulations regarding fundamental human
rights, equal opportunities, free choice of employment, as well as
prohibition of forced and child labour and respect for the conditions for
social dialogue. It also prioritises Health and Safety through a proactive
occupational health and safety and risk prevention system. The Company
prohibits any type or threat of physical and/or psychological abuse in the
workplace and strives to contribute to workers’ social welfare, medical
care, and long-term disability coverage.
The Company intends, via its agreements, to respect the disposition of the
following ILO Conventions:
• Discrimination – employee and occupation (No. 111)
• Equal remuneration (No. 100)
• Workers’ representatives (No. 135)
• Forced labour (No. 29)
• Abolition of forced labour (No. 105)
• Child labour (No. 182)
• Minimum age (No. 138)
• Freedom of association and protection of the right to organise (No. 87)
• Right to organise and collective bargaining (No. 98)
The commitments under this agreement have been integrated into the
formalisation of Company-wide policies such as the Airbus Company

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

179

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

Human Rights Policy and the Human Resources Airbus Company Policy
which are providing guiding principles for business conduct at the
Company.
The implementation of these company policies is monitored through
mechanisms established in the Company’s Business Management System
and implemented in all functions, such as the process to Manage
Company Performance.

the principles defined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the
agreement builds on international standards and principles including the
ILO Core Conventions, the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises
and the UN Global Compact. The IFA was developed and agreed through
multistakeholder collaboration between the Company, the European
Works Council, European Metalworkers’ Federation, and International
Metalworkers’ Federation and is publicly available on the IndustriAll global
union website.

The scope of the IFA is company-wide, with accountability resting with
the Chief Human Resources & Workplace Officer. As well as respecting

6.3.2 ESRS S1 - Own workforce
6.3.2.1 Own workforce IROs
The following IROs were identified for the Company’s own workforce:

ESRS

(sub-)topic

Impact, risk or
opportunity

ESRS S1
- Own
workforce

Working conditions:
> Health and safety

ESRS S1
- Own
workforce

Location in the value
chain

Description

Time horizon

Actual negative
impact

Unidentified weaknesses in health and safety
management measures could allow the Company’s own
workforce to work unsafely, which could cause injury or
ill-health from the work environment, process or activity.

Short-term,
mid-term and
long-term

Own operations

Working conditions:
> Health and safety

Risk

Unidentified weaknesses in health and safety
management measures could cause work related injury
or ill health that could affect employee engagement,
absence rates or job market attractiveness and cause
production disturbances.

/

Own operations

ESRS S1
- Own
workforce

Equal treatment:
>Diversity

Risk

/
There is a risk that the Company, despite significant
efforts and resources dedicated to workforce diversity, is
considered not sufficiently diverse, which could lead to
employee disengagement and lower recruitment
attractivity. This could damage its reputation.

Own operations

ESRS S1
- Own
workforce

Working Conditions: Risk
> Social dialogue
> Freedom of
association
> Collective
bargaining

/

Own operations

There is a risk that the Company does not conduct
appropriate social dialogue, which could lead to strikes
and production disruptions, and could impact working
conditions. This could negatively affect financial
performance.

The topics of health and safety, diversity as well as social dialogue,
freedom of association and collective bargaining, which were identified as
material in relation to the Company’s own workforce, are addressed in
separate sections further below, each containing and describing the
policies, actions, targets and metrics specific to the individual topic.
Health and safety
The Company is primarily engaged in industrial activities, such as the
production of aircraft, which may involve some higher-risk activities such
as working at heights that can have the potential to cause injury or
ill-health to the Company’s workforce. If not managed properly, this also
creates the risk to the Company as described in the table above.
Consequently, the Company has made occupational health and safety a
strategic priority and is determined to continuously drive towards
Zero-Harm. The Company’s Zero-Harm aspiration is to enable an

180

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

environment that is safe and healthy for all, which in turn promotes
employee wellbeing and a conscientious risk-aware culture. Health and
safety was part of the Company’s 2024 Top Company Objectives and the
Lost Time Injury frequency rate forms part of the variable pay calculation
for the CEO, Executives and Senior Managers. It has not been deemed
necessary to change the fundamental business model of the Company as
health and safety impacts can be mitigated through a strong health and
safety management system.
Building on the above information, people in the Company’s own
workforce considered to be potentially materially impacted by health and
safety related topics fall into two broad categories; those in tertiary
occupations and those in industrial occupations. Those in industrial
occupations tend to be potentially exposed to acute hazards that can, for
example, include work at height, manual handling and physical agents

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6
such as substances. Whereas those in tertiary roles tend to be potentially
exposed to more chronic hazards such as sedentary working and display
screen equipment ergonomics. For more detail on characteristics of
employees and non-employees please refer to section ”– 6.3.2.6
Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees (S1-6)”.
As mentioned above, industrial operations tend to involve some activities
that have a higher-risk of injury, which leads to a structural risk of workers
being impacted in individual incidents. The risks faced by those in tertiary
roles are less systemic. Work activity risk assessments are carried out that
identify those at risk, including any particularly vulnerable populations due
to the nature of their occupation as explained above.
Diversity and inclusion
The Company’s commitment to workforce diversity and inclusion is
directly aligned with its strategic goals of fostering an inclusive work
environment that reflects global company values. Despite significant
efforts, there is a risk that some diversity initiatives may not meet
Company, evolving societal and employee expectations. This potential
gap between the Company’s strategic ambitions and its execution could
result in a disengaged workforce and hinder recruitment, particularly in
today’s markets where diversity is a critical factor for employer
attractiveness. This could impact business models, as a less engaged
workforce may negatively affect productivity and innovation, crucial to
maintaining the Company’s competitive advantage.
As part of the Company’s strategic response, targeted inclusion initiatives
are designed to support underrepresented groups ensuring their concerns
are integrated into broader risk management efforts. The identified
diversity-related material risk primarily relates to underrepresented groups
as a whole, including women, ethnic minorities, LGBT+ individuals, older
employees, and workers with disabilities. These groups may face
increased risks of disengagement, limited career progression, or exclusion
from leadership roles if diversity and inclusion efforts are not adequately
prioritised.
Social Dialogue
The Company’s success relies on effective social dialogue, freedom of
association, and collective bargaining. Poor management of these areas
can lead to employee disengagement, production disruptions, and
negatively impact financial performance. By addressing this risk, the
Company can enhance employee loyalty and morale, reduce the
likelihood of industrial actions, and ensure smoother transitions during
periods of operational or organisational change, all of which are crucial to
maintaining its business model’s effectiveness and continuity. For social
dialogue-related risk, all employees within the Company’s own workforce
are concerned.
The scope of this disclosure includes the Company’s own workforce.

6.3.2.3 Own workforce Policies (S1-1)
Human Resources Airbus Company Policy
The overarching Human Resources Airbus Company Policy provides
employees with the description of the core values, mission, vision and top
level initiatives for HR management, in accordance with the Company’s
mid-term strategic planning and external requirements, and is also aligned
with the Company’s commitment to the International Framework
Agreement (IFA).
This policy outlines the employment and organisational framework aimed
at creating an attractive and safe working environment for employees. The
policy focuses on engaging, inclusive, and high-performing leadership
with a strong emphasis on employee development. It promotes an
engaging workplace through regular collection of employee feedback and
acting upon it, with a particular focus on Inclusion & Diversity in talent
acquisition, development, and retention. The policy also aims to prevent
ethics and compliance risks by fostering a culture of integrity and
encouraging employees to speak up. Competitive remuneration and
working schemes are highlighted, along with strong collaboration with
social partners in all these aspects.
The policy is applicable to all Company’s employees worldwide, including
in its controlled affiliates. The Chief Human Resources & Workplace
Officer is accountable for implementing the commitments under this
policy. HR teams work together across the Company and geographical
boundaries to support regional activities and adapt to business needs.
The policy builds on several third-party standards and initiatives, including
the ILO Convention C111 on discrimination, the UN Women’s
Empowerment Principles, the LGBT+ Charter with L’Autre Cercle
Association, and the Women in Aviation and Aerospace Charter.
The policy is published on the Company’s Business Management System
and publicly available for all employees worldwide. The implementation of
the policy is monitored through mechanisms established also in the
Company Business Management System and implemented in all
functions, such as the process to Manage Company Performance,
including the definition of objectives, regular performance reviews and
execution of corrective actions in case of deviations from target.
Guided by this policy, the Company’s workforce is managed by the
Human Resources (HR) function. Their activities and missions notably
include social dialogue, health and safety, inclusion and diversity, strategic
workforce planning, people development, performance management and
competence assessment, training and mobility management, and
compensation and benefits amongst others.
The process for engaging with Company’s own workforce will be detailed
under section ”– 6.3.2.4 Processes for engaging with own workers and
workers’ representatives”.

6.3.2.2 Interests and views of stakeholders
(ESRS 2 SBM-2)
For information about the consideration of interests and views of
stakeholders, including Company’s own workforce, please refer to section
”– 6.1.1.3.2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders”.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

181

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6.3.2.4 Processes for engaging with own workers
and workers’ representatives about
impacts (S1-2)

6.3.2.5 Processes to remediate negative impacts
and channels for own workers to raise
concerns (S1-3)

In line with the HR Policy statement of caring about the voice of its people
and to regularly seek feedback to act upon, the Company engages
directly with its workforce through a survey called ”my Working
Environment” (”MWE”) every two years sent directly to all individual
employees in order to score their view on various dimensions:

The Company has established social dialogue at different levels of the
company, as outlined more in detail in the corresponding chapter (”–
6.3.2.9 Social dialogue, freedom of association, and collective bargaining).
Every employee of the Company is invited to raise potential concerns
about negative impacts to their manager, HR or Ethics & Compliance
representatives, either directly or anonymously through the OpenLine
available to all on the Company’s website. Please refer to section
”– 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate culture (G1-1)” for more
information on:

• Airbus values (Reliability, Customer Focus, Creativity, We are One &
Teamwork, Integrity)
• Engagement
• Leadership & strategy

• processes through which the Company supports the availability of
such channels in the workplace;

• Change & communication

• how the Company tracks and monitors issues raised and addressed;

• Employer brand & attractiveness
• Wellbeing

• whether and how the Company assesses that people in its own
workforce are aware of, and trust, these structures or processes as a
way to raise their concerns;

• Performance & recognition

• and what the Company does to protect those who raise concerns.

• Health & Safety

• Inclusion & diversity
• Sustainability
• Digitalisation & agility
Key figures

Number of recipients* who
participated in survey
% of recipients that participated in
survey

Unit

2019

2021

2023

Heads

86,573

89,270

96,807

%

64%

66%

62%

* Survey was sent to the Active Workforce as well as trainees, apprentices and working students.

Employee panels representing the entire workforce interpret the survey
results, which are then shared with the Executive Committee, Board of
Directors, and social partners through established governance bodies like
the European Works Council. These stakeholders collaborate to define
top-level priorities and action plans. Senior leaders in different business
areas receive insights into feedback specific to their domains and are
encouraged to develop tailored action plans.
Regular communication about the survey results and subsequent actions
is disseminated to all employees, highlighting both positive aspects and
areas needing improvement. The evolution of MWE results is monitored
over time to track progress and identify trends. A dedicated team within
the Human Resources function oversees the process, with the Chief HR &
Workplace Officer responsible for implementing the action plans.
In addition, as outlined in the HR policy, there is transparent and trustful
social dialogue established at site, country and European level, giving
worker representatives the opportunity to regularly address existing or
potential impacts on workers in the Company’s own workforce, including
vulnerable groups such as colleagues living with disabilities (see section
”– 6.3.2.9 Social dialogue, freedom of association, and collective
bargaining”).

182

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

In addition, as part of the Company’s commitment to conduct ongoing
human rights due diligence, social assessments focused on human and
labour rights are conducted by a third party service provider to check
adherence to the Company’s human rights commitments and applicable
law on Company’s sites. Any findings are shared with the site’s
management team (or at the Company’s level if the finding relates to
company-wide actions) and action plans for addressing the findings are
agreed. This includes appropriate remediation and integration of feedback
from lessons learned, such as repeated findings which may require root
cause analysis and systematic changes including policies or processes.
See Step 2 in ”– section 6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due diligence” for
more details.
In the case of work-related injury or ill-health involving material harm to the
Company’s own workforce, the Company may provide or support medical
or other remediation. For insights on how the Company manages
remediation more broadly across its own workforce and its value chain
workers, see section ”– 6.3.3.5 Processes to remediate negative impacts
and channels for value chain workers to raise concerns (S2-3)” where this
process is detailed.

6.3.2.6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s
employees (S1-6)
The Company manages its workforce data in an HR digital tool company
wide and it is managed in heads and Full Time Equivalents (”FTEs”). The
information provided herein is in heads (i.e. 1 employee = 1 head) with the
actuals at the end of the reporting period on 31 December 2024, except
for employee turnover that covers the full year period.
In the Sustainability Statement, ”employees” or ”employees as per CSRD”
means both active employees as well as those who are non-active due to
leave of absence, i.e. sickness, parental leave, early retirement, etc.
Trainees and apprentices are not part of the regular active workforce but
their numbers are included in the ”employees as per CSRD” figures
disclosed below. In contrast, the number of employees used internally by

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6
the Company and disclosed in the Company’s financial statements
corresponds to the number of active employees in consolidated
companies with permanent and with temporary contracts (Active
Workforce, or ”AWF”). To enable comparison, a table can be found below
showing ”Employees” as defined by the CSRD versus as defined per the
Financial Statements.
Employees - 2024

Unit

Employees

as per CSRD

Heads

171,830

as per Financial Statements

Heads

156,921

Unit

Employees
as per CSRD

Male

Heads

135,222

Female

Heads

36,565

Other(1)

Heads

12

Not disclosed

Heads

31

Total

Heads

171,830

Employees as per CSRD - head count by gender 2024

Unit

Employees
as per CSRD

France

Heads

59,327

Germany

Heads

59,241

Employees as per CSRD
- head count per country(1) - 2024

(1) In line with CSRD requirements, this table only displays countries with more than 10% of total
employees.

As of 31 December 2024 the Company’s regular workforce, active and
non-active, amounted to figures provided in the first line of table 2024
”Employees as per CSRD” breakdown per contract type. The Company
continued to grow its workforce in 2023 and 2024 confirming the strong
aerospace industry recovery, enabling the Company to accomplish its
recruitment plan with a particular focus on new skills, diversity and
generational renewal.

(1) ”Other” includes ”Non binary”

The breakdown of the Company’s ”employees as per CSRD” by business segment and geographical area, including the percentage of part-time
employees, is displayed below.
”Employees as per CSRD” by contract type

Unit

Female

Male

Other

Not disclosed

Total

Number of employees

Heads

36,565

135,222

12

31

171,830

Number of permanent employees

Heads

33,547

125,258

6

28

158,839

Number of temporary employees

Heads

781

3,866

-

-

4,647

Number of trainees

Heads

519

1,054

4

2

1,579

Number of apprentices

Heads

1,500

4,703

2

1

6,206

Number of working students

Heads

218

341

-

-

559

Number of non-guaranteed hours employees

Heads

-

-

-

-

-

Number of full-time employees

Heads

32,434

132,126

12

29

164,601

Number of part-time employees

Heads

4,131

3,096

-

2

7,229

”Employees as per CSRD” by contract type
and region

Australia &
Unit Asia Pacific New Zealand

Core Europe Non
Countries
Core

India

Latin Middle East
America
& Africa

North
America

Total

Number of employees

Heads

2,894

998

145,203

4,735

3,663

1,420

2,151

10,766

171,830

Number of permanent employees

Heads

2,154

908

135,433

3,930

3,553

1,268

1,219

10,374

158,839

Number of temporary employees

Heads

638

64

2,255

564

35

17

918

156

4,647

Number of trainees

Heads

86

15

1,043

117

73

131

1

113

1,579

Number of apprentices

Heads

16

11

5,913

124

2

4

13

123

6,206

Number of working students

Heads

-

-

559

-

-

-

-

-

559

Number of non-guaranteed hours
employees

Heads

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Number of full-time employees

Heads

2,885

967

138,228

4,553

3,663

1,413

2,151

10,741

164,601

Number of part-time employees

Heads

9

31

6,975

182

-

7

-

25

7,229

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

183

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

Employee Turnover

Unit

2024

Heads

12,152

Attrition rate - as per CSRD definition

%

7.2%

Leavers - as per Company definition

Heads

6,484

%

4.2%

Leavers - as per CSRD definition

Attrition rate - as per Company definition

The attrition rate as per CSRD definition takes into account all employees
whose contract has been terminated, regardless if they are being replaced
or not. The contract termination reasons can be voluntary resignation,
involuntary leave (lay offs), retirement, other (like death in service) as well
as the end of temporary contract, trainee contract and apprentice
contract. This rate is calculated with the total number of leavers as
described above for a given period divided by the average total employee
headcount for the same period.
The average total employee headcount for a year is using the end of each
month actuals i.e. average of 12 numbers for a year. Employees who have
started a passive phase of the pre-retirement (specific to France,
Germany and Spain) are included in the non-active workforce as they are
still in the employment relationship with the Company. These employees
are accounted for in the denominator as for the rest of the non-active
workforce, i.e. the annual turnover rate is calculated:

Number of external leavers for a year x
Number of average headcount for a year x

×100

The attrition rate as per Company definition, includes the Active
Workforce with permanent and temporary (limited) contracts including
partial retirements. It excludes employees on trainee and apprentice
contracts. This attrition rate is therefore comparable to the one disclosed
in previous years within the Non Financial Statements.

6.3.2.7 Health and Safety
The Company maintains its commitment to put the occupational health
and safety (”OHS”) of its employees and others at the forefront of its
activities, striving for Zero-Harm. With this in mind it is with great sadness
that the Company reports two fatal accidents involving contractors
working on Company’s sites in 2024. In February a construction worker,
employed by a sub-contractor of the main contractor, suffered a fatal
accident in Mobile, Alabama. In December a construction worker
employed by the main contractor was involved in a fatal accident during
construction work in Tunis. The Company offers sincere condolences to
their families, friends and colleagues.
The development and performance of the Company safety management
framework is led from the top. The Company Occupational Health and
Safety Governance Board, chaired by the Chief Human Resources &
Workplace Officer, provides oversight and health and safety indicators are
addressed in regular management performance reviews.
The work on lost time injury reduction continues to be underpinned by the
monthly meeting of the Company Incident Review Panel. The role of this
panel is described in the Function Organisation Manual, and involves
monitoring OHS incident data quality and accuracy to ensure consistency
and harmonisation as well as alignment with the Company’s documented
method for accident management. Its members include the Heads of the

184

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

entity EHS teams, chaired by the Company Head of Operational
Environment, Health & Safety (”EHS”) and Facilities Management & Real
Estate (”FMRE”). The panel is driving quality improvements in the
categorisation and description of data captured both in the global EHS
management tool FISH, (Federated Information for environment, Safety &
Health), and, outside current FISH coverage, in local systems. This in turn
improves analytical capability.
In 2024, the EHS organisation was revised, bringing the Centres of
Expertise together in one group and amalgamating other relevant topics in
a Performance & Improvement team. This new, more efficient
organisational structure continues to deliver the governance, methods
and technical advice that enable the operational teams to define
procedures that implement the Company Occupational Health and Safety
Policy.

6.3.2.7.1 Policies (S1-1)

The Company is committed to protecting people and reducing both
physical and mental health risks through its Occupational Health and
Safety Policy. This policy describes the Zero-Harm aspiration for health
and safety management and culture, setting out the guiding principles for
decision making. The policy enables employees to understand the
importance of the topic and demonstrates leadership commitment to its
continual improvement. It integrates health and safety into the Company’s
culture, strategy, processes and decision-making, harmonising companywide philosophy and practice.
The policy is signed by the CEO and is accessible to the Company´s own
workforce via the Company intranet, with a policy statement signed by the
CEO available on the Company’s external web pages. Copies are freely
available to interested parties upon request. Company’s Executives and
managers receive a copy during health and safety leadership training,
including the Executive EHS Masterclass.
Applicable to the Company´s own workforce, including controlled
affiliates, as well as contractors on Company managed worksites, the
policy considered the views of the EHS leadership team, who take the
feedback from sources such as performance reviews and the People
Safety @ Work, We Care and Safe Together initiatives, anticipating the
needs of internal interested parties. Formal processes will be developed
for considering the needs of both internal and external interested parties
as the health and safety management system evolves. Policy oversight is
led by the Chief Human Resources & Workplace Officer, supported by the
Company Head of EHS & FMRE, who has day-to-day accountability for
performance and compliance.
The Company has defined its policy so as to align its health and safety
management system with the principles of ISO 45001. Some parts of the
business are already certified as compliant to the ISO Standard. The policy
is enhanced by a Company Directive, ’Requirements for the Health and
Safety Management System’, and topic specific ’method’ and ’governance
support’ (guidance) documents. The Company health and safety Directive
lists high level requirements for the whole management system that echo
the requirements of ISO 45001. These requirements are allocated to the
relevant business areas, which respond with documented evidence that
they have put in place appropriate means to deliver compliance. Method
documents set out more detailed instructions on how to fulfil a particular
element of the management system such as risk assessment, accident
management and contractors working on the Company’s premises. Their
aim is a harmonised approach that ensures consistently high standards,

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6
but with sufficient flexibility to allow for local compliance needs. This
approach is designed to secure the identification and evaluation of risks
and impacts, including those particular to vulnerable populations such as
expectant mothers, and the development of appropriate mitigation plans,
either at the local level or, for very significant issues, within the Company’s
ERM system. It includes consideration of the necessary organisation,
resources, information, training, systems, and equipment, with a particular
focus on employee competence for high hazard activities.
This preventative approach reduces the risk of accidents and nonconformities. There have been no significant changes to the policy in
2024, as its commitments and principles are considered fundamental to
good health and safety management.

6.3.2.7.2 Actions and resources (S1-4)

The Company invests significant effort in health (including wellbeing), and
safety risk management systems, practices and culture (for the purposes
of health and safety, ’risk’ includes the potential ’impacts’ for people as
well as the associated financial risks for the company and others, thus the
actions described below address both risks and impacts to people). The
Company has technical experts covering a wide range of disciplines
including health, safety, industrial hygiene, ergonomics and data analytics.
Key Figure

Number of experts supporting Company’s action plan

2024

more than 250

Mainly located at the principal industrial facilities, these experts and their
colleagues form the function led by the Company Head of Operational
EHS & FMRE. They are complemented by dedicated professionals located
in discrete parts of the organisation, who liaise closely with the EHS
function. The EHS function is organised as a central shared resource and
operational teams, which provide and implement a harmonised
management framework. This organisation is documented in the Function
Organisation Manual, which due to the changes made this year is under
review.
The Company has implemented a range of actions to enhance safety
awareness and engagement among its own workforce to foster a positive
safety culture and intervention habits, and ensure effective risk control
with the ultimate objective of mitigating identified impacts and related
risks.
A harmonised approach to risk identification and management is provided
by the ’Method for Health and Safety Related Risk Assessment and
Control’, coupled with the ’Method for Health and Safety Incident
Reporting and Management in FISH’. This company risk assessment
method applies the general principles of risk identification, ranking and
mitigation, and is designed to enable a consistent estimation of risk.
Accident investigations may also provide valuable information that
supports the risk assessment process and which may be communicated
through the EHS function using a system of Flash Alerts. This process
ensures that work-related hazards are identified, the risks they present are
evaluated, and appropriate mitigation action plans are put in place and
tracked by local management teams. Major project risks, such as from
construction, are considered as part of the project management process
and managed within the project. Entities manage their risks at the local
level unless their technical complexity or their potential human, cost and
compliance impacts, including when aggregated across more than one

entity, warrant a more coordinated approach. Such risks are evaluated by
the EHS Leadership Team with the EHS Risk Officer, and those that are
deemed significant are escalated into the Company Enterprise Risk
Management (ERM) process, with EHS Leadership team oversight.
Ultimately, the success of mitigation activity is reflected in the injury
frequency rate (see section ”– 6.3.2.7.4 Metrics (S1-14)”) for more details).
The ERM process for Health & Safety is included in an annex of the ’ERM
Plan for Human Resources’, which adheres to the ISO 31000 Standard for
Risk Management. This process is applied to risks that have been
escalated or those identified by, for example, company audits or incident
analysis and root causes. Risks and their associated mitigation plans are
recorded on the ERM Active Risk Manager database and are managed in
accordance with the ERM process, which requires regular reviews at
function and Executive levels.
The OHS topics currently being managed within the ERM process include
the following actions in particular. Unless target dates are specified, these
action areas are ongoing parts of the long term commitment to continuous
improvement. Success will be measured over the coming years in incident
rate and risk reduction terms. As such, the resources for these ongoing
activities are included in the business or EHS Function operational budget,
(which is below the threshold considered to be significant for this
statement), and the need for significant additional resources, whether
human or technical, is not anticipated.
a) In situ contractors health and safety management
For the purposes of EHS, in situ contractors are workers from suppliers
that carry out work at the Company’s sites; this does not include the
Company’s non-employees. Whilst processes exist that deliver a formal
joint approach to managing health and safety with in situ contractors, the
possible outcomes of accidents involving contracted activities can be
severe and could affect the Company’s employees, non-employees and
other workers. The Company is determined to improve its in situ
contractor management processes to further reduce this risk.
An analysis of incidents and the contracting process flow has been carried
out, engaging Procurement, Physical Security, Facilities Management,
Industrial Means, the People Safety @ Work initiative and others. The
company method for ’Supplier and Contractor Health and Safety
Management’, was reviewed in 2023 and re-published in January 2024.
An awareness programme has been conducted for the EHS and
Procurement functions. Dedicated training is being developed for the
Company Representatives who manage in situ contractors, which will be
deployed in H1-2025.
The health and safety Directive requires processes to ensure health and
safety conformity in the selection of in situ contractors, and procurement
processes have been enhanced by the continued deployment of
evidence-based desktop sustainability maturity assessments (SMA) via a
dedicated third party service provider as part of the Company’s due
diligence process (see section S2-4 for more details).
The local operational EHS procedures reflect the company method for
contractor health and safety management and compliance with local
regulatory obligations. The EHS Centre of Expertise is mapping the local
implementation of the method for ’Supplier and Contractor Health and
Safety Management’ requirements. On top of this, the Company provides
relevant health, safety and welfare information appropriate to the site and
the activities of the in situ contractors concerned. This ongoing local

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

185

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

awareness provision is part of the exchange of safety information that
fulfills prevention planning needs. The FISH tool has been enabled to
record reports of in situ contractors accidents, in preparation for future
reporting obligations. On-site contractor safety management audits have
commenced.
The expected outcome of this activity is a reduction in the risk of injury
and material damage linked to on-site contractor activity, thus future
performance indicators may include contractor accidents.
b) Action to address the risk of non-compliance following regulatory
or industrial changes
Legacy issues may have been caused by historical factors such as
weaknesses in the ability to anticipate and support changes of industrial
activity or legislation, leading to a risk of non-compliance, injury or ill
health. Mitigation action has involved defining and agreeing a roadmap
and the associated human and financial resources to support the recovery
of compliant systems. This plan has been deployed in relevant areas in
France, Germany and Spain and is now complete or progressing as
planned with a target to complete by the end of 2025.
c) EHS ownership, culture and competence
EHS ownership and safety culture reinforcement is continued by ’People
Safety @ Work’, ’We Care’ and the ’Safe Together’ initiatives. These focus
on raising awareness and working directly with employees to engage
them as influential stakeholders in the health and safety risk management
process. Information is communicated by cascade through the line
manager hierarchy, campaigns on Airbus TV, posters and accident data
boards at various industrial sites. Employees and their representatives are
involved in Go-Look-See tours and the People Safety @ Work initiatives,
including activities to collect lessons learned resulting from accidents and
Near Misses.
Within the commercial aircraft perimeter the ”People Safety @ Work”
initiative has included several key actions in 2024: a Safety Awards
Ceremony for risk improvement initiatives (March), a Prevention,
Intervention and Compliance Team Talk (May), and a harmonised safety
induction for all joiners and movers (November). These actions are part of
the ongoing effort to continuously improve standards of EHS performance
and culture, with success measured over years in terms of incident
reduction. Similar activities are undertaken in Airbus Helicopters and
Airbus Defence and Space by the Safe Together and WeCare initiatives.
Competence and learning is the foundation of maintaining a culture of
high standards in EHS, and this long-term activity reflects the Company’s
commitment to continuous improvement. The Company is consequently
updating and refreshing its Executive EHS Masterclass, in order to ensure
Executives are fully aware of the importance of putting EHS at the heart of
their thinking and strategy. This update is expected to be completed early
in 2025
The EHS Function has established a Health and Safety Competence &
Learning Board to prioritise and oversee the provision and content of EHS
learning. This work includes the development and pilot testing of a
Refresher module for the EHS Foundation Certificate, scheduled for a
broader roll-out in 2025. The scope of this learning activity encompasses
the entire Company. Progress of learning activities are monitored by the
leadership teams of the business functions concerned, whilst the
Competence & Learning Board monitors the implementation of the H&S
competence strategy. This structured approach maintains momentum,

186

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

while keeping the initiatives for new and revised training on track and
ensuring that any necessary adjustments can be made in a timely manner.
Ultimately this ongoing activity is designed to deliver enhanced
competence that drives a reduction of the incident rate.
d) Hazardous Substances - health and safety impacts management
The use of hazardous substances gives rise to a potential risk in relation to
failures of exposure monitoring or local risk control measures. The
possible effects could include work related ill health, increased legal and
operating costs, and consequent production interruptions. Beyond
defined existing operating procedures, work equipment and training
aiming to protect the workers concerned, the mitigation plan includes an
anticipatory approach. It formalises European Union and national
regulatory watch processes (initially in the EU but with a generic approach
that can be used globally) for hazardous substances, and the modification
of certain Central Extraction Systems (CES) to meet requirements of the
Regulation on the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of
Chemicals (REACH). To complete these actions an end-to-end standard
for chemicals OHS management has been deployed, leaving only a longer
term action related to setting up a new substances review committee in
Spain, which will be completed in 2025. A company-wide site by site
review of compliance and deviations against the end-to-end chemicals
process in the core countries did not identify any compliance gaps, but
some deviation from Company process was found in Airbus and the
divisions. To address these deviations, a roadmap has been launched with
site specific actions in two waves across 2024 and 2025.
e) Digital solutions for occupational health management
The Company’s own workforce is provided with occupational health
support, in some cases as a control measure, for example to monitor
potential exposure to a physical agent such as noise. Current occupational
health management software tools are becoming obsolete as the
suppliers become unable to maintain reliable solutions. While possible
alternatives are comprehensively evaluated against strict data security
requirements, there is a possibility that current software ceases to
function or must be retired before a replacement is put in place. This could
result in loss of accreditation to operate in-house medical services,
meaning external services would have to be used, with associated cost
and disruption.
Mitigation planning activity found that a harmonised solution could not be
considered due to the significant complexity of the varying national
requirements. Currently France and the UK are most at risk and
consequently projects have been launched there to identify and migrate
to suitable alternatives, which are expected to be completed in early 2025.
f) Employee health and psycho-social wellbeing
The Company is conscious that the mental health and wellbeing of its own
workforce can be adversely impacted by a wide range of factors, many of
which may not be work related. For example, psycho-social wellbeing can
be affected by personal factors such as family or financial problems, as
well as job related issues. Whatever the causes, the resultant stress may
lead to absenteeism or presenteeism (disengagement at work), with
consequent impacts on the individual, other workers and the business.
The wellbeing strategy developed in previous years has raised awareness,
led to the creation of a network of mental health focal points, and initiated
work to define a psycho-social risk assessment process.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6
In 2024 a global wellbeing initiative was delivered in the form of an online
advice and assistance programme. The service incorporates an
assistance helpline, currently only for employees and their loved ones,
which covers areas of the organisation not covered by the previously
existing helplines. The Occupational Health teams continue to offer the
various counselling or psychological support services that have been in
place for some years for own workforce, but these are now supplemented
by the new online service.
Additionally, the Company continues to raise awareness of health issues,
with campaigns that address topics beyond the workplace, such as
cardio-vascular issues, colorectal cancer, sleeping disorders, smoking
cessation and disability awareness. These efforts aim to improve health
and wellbeing, prevent serious ill health and help to reduce absenteeism.
Occupational health services are provided for employees and nonemployees, either in-house or through external providers. In cases where
dedicated service provision is challenging, national health resources may
be utilised.
g) Compliance assurance
Compliance assurance activity includes a range of monitoring processes,
such as audits, which may be conducted by Corporate Audit, the EHS
Function or external organisations; Internal Control, which, by periodically
applying ’Key Controls’, targets specific risks throughout the Company;
and local inspections carried out by the businesses.

control campaign has been launched, scrutinising the accuracy of the
calculation of the Company Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate, the
protection of medical records, and contractor safety management.
In 2024, three ’affiliate’ companies had H&S ’FIT Checks’ (internal checks
against predetermined criteria) conducted on them, and the EHS Function
followed up on recommendations from the previous year’s FIT-checks.
Monitoring will persist in 2025 with further internal audits and the launch
of a second H&S internal control campaign, which will include new Key
Controls based on relevant risks.
This ongoing monitoring is further enhanced by safety tours as well as
’Go-Look-See’ and Gemba activities (targeted safety walks by managers
and others) supported by the ’People Safety @ Work’, ’We Care’, and ’Safe
Together’ initiatives. In addition, local EHS teams commission audits to
monitor their compliance with local regulatory requirements and
international standards.
The EHS function’s compliance assurance activities have a Companywide scope and are an integral part of the ongoing effort to continuously
improve performance. Whilst it is difficult to measure their individual
impact, there is no doubt that they contribute to the improvement of risk
management and the resulting reduction in the accident rate.
For more information on how the effectiveness of actions taken is tracked,
refer to section section ”– 6.3.2.7.3 Targets (S1-5)”.

6.3.2.7.3 Targets (S1-5)

In 2024, the Company EHS Compliance Assurance team performed all
planned internal audits, addressing contractor safety management, risk
management, and regulatory monitoring.
Key figure

Unit

2024

Number of internal audits planned and performed by
the EHS Compliance Assurance team

No.

5

To reflect its commitment to continually improving health and safety
standards in the Company OHS Policy, section ”– 6.3.2.7.1 Policies (S1-1)”
and elsewhere, the Company has set itself an internal key performance
indicator (KPI) based on the number of Lost Time Injury (”LTI”) accidents
of its own workforce. This is the rate of LTI’s per one million hours worked,
and is called the Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate 1 (”FR1”).

The recommendations from the 2023 audit of the company Method for
Incident Reporting and Management in FISH, conducted in Germany and
France, have been successfully closed. Additionally, the first H&S internal

Each year annual targets are set for this KPI in Airbus and the two
divisions, which are monitored and reported. The annual FR1 targets are a
percentage reduction, based on the previous year’s actual end of year
data. Annual FR1 targets are proposed by the Company Head of EHS &
FMRE and validated by members of the Executive Committee.

Health and safety target

Airbus FR1
Airbus Helicopters FR1
Airbus Defence & Space FR1

Unit

LTI/1M
hours (1)

2024
Target

2024 Target %
vs 2023 Baseline

2024
Performance

2023
Baseline

1.95

-15%

-31%

2.31

0.9

-10%

11%

0.99

1.09

-15%

-49%

1.28

Scope: own workforce in the relevant perimeter
Assumptions: see ”metrics” section hereafter
(1) LTI = Lost Time Injuries. 1M hrs = 1 million hours worked. For more details see section ”- 6.3.2.7.4 Metrics (S1-14)” below.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

187

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

The performance against target is tracked and reported by the H&S
Performance & Improvement team. Executive level and, within their
perimeter, site and function level performance review meetings monitor
these metrics, and the OHS Governance Board discusses performance
trends. Employees are informed of the FR1 performance via the
management communication cascade. Local rates are communicated by
the People Safety @ Work teams, who also engage employees as they
support the various business areas in reviewing and responding to the
safety issues that influence their performance, (see ”– 6.3.2.7.2 Actions
and resources (S1-4)”, point ”c”).
The Company Incident Review Panel ensures the accuracy and
completeness of accident data for this KPI by checking all lost time injury
reports each month. While workers representatives were not directly

involved in the setting of the target, stakeholder involvement is achieved
by informing the SEWC of the targets and communicating performance as
part of the company information cascades via the management hierarchy.
The methodologies for the metrics used in 2024 are the same as those
used in 2023. Since February, Airbus has consistently advanced toward its
2024 year-end safety goal, showing steady month-over-month
improvements. This positive trend was evident in Airbus Defence and
Space, which also successfully achieved its year-end target. Although
Airbus Helicopters concluded the year above its end-of-year target rate,
driven largely by integration of the customer centres into the figures, its
absolute performance remains at a solid level.

6.3.2.7.4 Metrics (S1-14)
Health & safety metrics

Unit

2024

%

90%

%

19%

%

28%

Employees with direct access to FISH(3)

%

>84%

Employees covered by FISH reporting (including FR1)(3, 4)

%

>84%

No.

2

Own workforce

No.

0

Other workers on Airbus sites

No.

2

Governance metrics
Employees* covered by a formal occupational health and safety management system(1)
ISO 45001 certified management system - entities coverage rate(2)
ISO 45001 certified management system - employee coverage rate

(2)

FISH health and safety management platform

Performance metrics
Number of work related fatal accidents

Number of work related ill-health fatalities

No.

0

Number of work related recordable injury accidents

No.

2,645

per 1M hrs

10.13

Company FR1

LTI per 1M hrs (5)

1.56

Airbus FR1

LTI per 1M hrs (5)

1.59

Rate of work related recordable injury accidents

Airbus Helicopters FR1

LTI per 1M hrs (5)

1.10

Airbus Defence & Space FR1

LTI per 1M hrs (5)

0.65

Methodology/scope/assumptions for estimates:
(1) Based on data collected by questionnaire, for which there was a 75% response rate. Lack of response was treated as a negative response.
(2) Based on the scope described in the ISO 45001 certificates held by Company entities.
(3) Scope based on the number of registered users amongst employees.
(4) Scope based on FISH data plus information from files provided by areas not yet able to input their data directly into FISH.
(5) LTI = Lost Time Injuries. 1M hrs = 1 million hours worked. Details in ’Metrics’ section. FR1 scope includes some non-consolidated entities.
* The term ”employee” in this table and in footnotes includes Active Workforce only (for definition see section 6.3.2.6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees (S1-6))

188

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6
Airbus and the two Divisions are required to follow the principles of the
Airbus Occupational Health & Safety Policy, with management systems
tailored to their operational scale and specific risk profiles. Airbus has
aligned itself with the ISO 45001 Standard and several entities are already
ISO 45001 certified. The Airbus system continues to evolve as
components are developed and integrated within the management
framework as part of ongoing improvements to health and safety risk
management. This approach establishes the foundation for future external
ISO 45001 certification of business entities. In parallel, Airbus Helicopters
continues to improve its health and safety management systems, aligned
with divisional goals. Airbus Defence and Space is working to consolidate
its national entity ISO 45001 certificates into a single divisional certificate,
to benefit from the cohesion and harmonisation this will bring.
To assess the level of coverage of the Company’s occupational health and
safety management system, the Company conducted a data collection
exercise. Information was provided by Heads of EHS for entities based in
the Company’s core countries and belonging to Airbus, Airbus Helicopters
and Airbus Defence and Space, defined as ”Core entities”. Additionally, a
questionnaire was shared with affiliates within the reporting scope of this
statement.
The Company Incident Review Panel (”CIRP”) monitors data quality and
adherence to the definitions found in the Company method for incident
management. Top level oversight is provided by the Company
Occupational Health and Safety Governance Board. In order to efficiently
facilitate the capture of complex safety and environmental data, enable
analysis, reporting and communication, and provide a harmonising
management system platform, the Company has implemented a common
software tool called FISH. The global deployment of this management
platform continues (see rate in the table above) The deployment of this
major component supports the estimated coverage of the occupational
health and safety management system as a whole.
The Company measures safety performance using a Company specific
indicator for the frequency rate of Lost Time Injuries, called the Airbus FR1
(see Target section above). It is important to note that this indicator is
obtained from data sets that are produced by collecting a common set of
data points from each Company’s entity. The data are derived by applying
the same Key Performance Indicator (KPI) definitions in all entities, which
enables the Company to compare performance over time, and between
business segments. However this data equivalency means that the
harmonised definitions exclude some categories of accident that are
reported to the local authorities in some jurisdictions but not in others. The
CIRP considers such exclusions in its discussions. Commuting accidents,
for example, are legally reportable in some countries but not in others, so
they are not included in the FR1 calculation.
The FR1 calculation produces a figure for the number of own workforce
lost-time injuries per one million (1,000,000) worked hours. The scope of
the Company FR1 covers:
• all sites in France, Germany, UK and Spain for the Company’s
commercial aircraft business, Airbus Helicopters, Airbus Defence and
Space;
• the Company’s commercial aircraft Final Assembly Lines (FAL’s) in
Mobile, US and in Tianjin, China;
• Airbus Defence and Space site in Poland;
• the consolidated data from the Airbus Helicopters sites in USA,
Romania, Mexico, Canada;

• sites across the Company´s three operating segments in Brazil, Japan,
Australia, Ireland, Italy, Poland, China and, newly added in 2024, Chile,
Hungary, Saudi Arabia, South Africa and the APAC region;
• the consolidated data from the Airbus Atlantic sites in Canada,
Morocco, Portugal and Tunisia.
The Company’s commercial aircraft business FR1 perimeter covers:
• all commercial aircraft sites in France, Germany, Spain and UK;
• the commercial aircraft Final Assembly Lines (FAL’s) in Mobile, US and
in Tianjin, China
Working hours are calculated using time and headcount data from HR
systems and direct reports by the major affiliated entities. For the CSRD
Recordable Accident rate, estimates are added for affiliates for which only
headcount figures are available.
The validity of the FR1 calculation is tested by the Company’s EHS
Compliance Assurance team using formal processes such as Internal
Controls and, in those areas of the Company certified to ISO 45001, by the
external audits of the certification bodies. This testing will be extended to
other metrics as the EHS compliance assurance systems mature. In
entities that are ISO 45001 certified, the management systems, including
those parts that monitor performance and selected FR1 data, are tested by
certification auditors.
The Company will continue to report its own FR1 indicator. In addition it
now also publishes the recordable accident frequency rate. For the
purposes of this CSRD report, recordable work-related injuries have been
defined as all those that have been recognised by a health professional or
the local labour authorities, excluding First Aid injuries. Unlike the FR1, this
definition captures conditions that are categorised as work-related injury
in one country but not in others, such as commuting accidents, and also
includes non lost-time injuries, restricted workday and medical treatment
cases. Consequently there is a considerable difference in scope between
the Company’s FR1 and CSRD frequency rate indicators that renders them
non-comparable. It should also be noted that the definition of the CSRD
indicator may differ in other organisations and thus it may not offer a direct
comparison between different organisations. Finally, there is a distinction
in CSRD between categories of worker, with a 2025 phase-in allowed for
non-employees and other workers. Due to the complexity of
differentiation in global data sets, the Company has applied the phasing
for recordable injury rate. Phasing has not been applied to fatalities and all
current employee and non-employee work related fatalities would be
reported, as well as other workers on the Company’s controlled sites, but
excluding individual ill health related cases if data protection required it.
The Company does not report cases or other information related to open
investigations or ongoing proceedings.

6.3.2.8 Diversity
At the Company, Inclusion and Diversity (I&D) are driven by three strategic
pillars. These focus on fostering an inclusive workplace in accordance
with ILO Convention C111 (Discrimination in Employment and Occupation);
maintaining a diverse workforce committed to merit-based employment
practices while actively promoting inclusive leadership; and ensuring a
sustainable impact on communities through partnerships that align with
the Company’s values.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

189

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

I&D efforts are focused on ensuring inclusion of all forms of diversity such
as but not limited to intergenerational, ethnic, social and cultural diversity,
as well as gender equality, LGBT+, neurodiversity and disability.

6.3.2.8.1 Policies (S1-1)

Policies described in this section build on the overarching policies
previously described (Human Resources Airbus Company Policy, Airbus
Company Human Rights Policy, International Framework Agreement, see
section ”– 6.3.1 Policies”), which cover the topic of diversity and inclusion,
as they forbid discrimination and harassment, and formalise the
commitment to promote equal opportunities and other ways to advance
diversity and inclusion in accordance with ILO convention C111.
In addition to the information shared regarding the Airbus Code of
Conduct under section ”– 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate
culture (G1-1)”, this policy aims to leverage differences to achieve better
business outcomes and support professional development for all
employees. In particular, several engagements are taken on diversity and
inclusion such as the commitment to recruit, select, and develop
employees on merit, irrespective of their race, colour, religion, gender,
age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability, or any
other similar status.
For further detail on the key contents of the Code of Conduct, its scope,
accountability, and stakeholders considerations, please refer to section
”– 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate culture (G1-1)”.
The Company is committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse
workplace, as outlined in the I&D Guidelines. This policy defines I&D and
underscores the company’s dedication to these principles through its
three strategic pillars.
The guidelines introduce several initiatives aimed at creating an inclusive
environment. These initiatives are essential for clarifying the Company’s
commitment to I&D, making it accessible and actionable for all employees.
The policy applies to all employees of the Company, ensuring that
everyone is aware of and can contribute to the I&D efforts. The I&D team
is part of the ”DEVELOP Centre of Expertise” within the Human Resources
function and represents the Company with regional I&D focal points
supporting the implementation of the I&D strategy globally. It is
responsible for the effective implementation of these guidelines across
the Company.
The document serves as a complementary guide to the existing HR Policy,
providing clear definitions and a general understanding of I&D. It is readily
available to stakeholders through the I&D pages on the Company’s
intranet and the resources section, ensuring easy access for all
employees. The above-mentioned policy commitments apply to the
Company’s own workforce as a whole and there is no need for specific
policy commitments to groups of people.
The Company has established a comprehensive method for staffing
Executive (L3) positions, ensuring a consistent and transparent process
across the entire Company including subsidiaries and affiliates, in
particular taking into consideration the Company’s gender targets for this
population. This method, published in December 2023, outlines the rules
for selecting and nominating Executives, ensuring a unified approach to
Executive staffing. The policy is applicable to all entities of the Company
whenever an Executive position must be staffed.

190

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

An I&D Advisory Council meets bi-annually and provides top level
oversight and input into the I&D strategy, reviews risks or issues raised,
provides support on new initiatives, processes or changes to policy and
makes appropriate recommendations to the Executive Committee. In
addition, local I&D Steering Committees, championed by Senior Managers
and Executives in the regions, provide additional support to embed and
advance the I&D strategy locally and provide valuable input to the I&D
team and advisory council. The Steering Committees are supported by a
network of diversity business champions embedded in the business, who
advocate for an inclusive working environment.
The Chief Human Resources & Workplace Officer (”CHRO”) and Heads of
HR are accountable for the implementation of this method. The Talent and
Executive Management (”TEM”) team is responsible for the Executive
staffing process, including headhunting and preparing the selection
rationale for the Executive Committee’s monthly review. The Executive
Committee validates the staffing decisions, and no official communication
is made before this validation.
The Heads of HR and future supervisors of the Executive position
contribute to the candidate selection process by aligning on the job
description, providing candidate insights, and participating in interviews.
The Reward team is responsible for grading Executive positions and
reviewing the position landscape regularly. This method ensures a fair and
compliant staffing process. The method is available to stakeholders in the
BMS.

6.3.2.8.2 Actions and resources (S1-4)

The Company has established a comprehensive Network of Enablers for
Inclusion & Diversity, which is deployed and accessible to all employees.
This network is composed of Diversity Business Champions across
various functions and sites, who support the implementation of the
company-wide I&D strategy in alignment with overall strategy, tailored to
specific functional needs.
Key figure

Unit

2024

Number of Diversity Business Champions

No.

53

Diversity Business Champions identify specific needs within their
functions and implement actions and initiatives in line with the strategy
and resources provided by the I&D team.This has resulted in a wider reach
with regards to I&D awareness through workshops and other function
specific communications. Furthermore a dedicated virtual space allowing
for cross functional collaboration and best practice sharing has been
created Company-wide. Also a quarterly forum takes place bringing
together all Diversity Business Champions Company-wide. Additionally,
there are Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) across different sites,
focusing on various I&D topics such as Disability, Gender Balance, LGBT+,
Neurodiversity, and Inter-Generation as examples.
Key figure

Unit

2024

Number of Employee Resource Groups

No.

14

Methodology: figure as of 31/12/2024 (number varies along the year as ERGs are opened and
closed regularly)

ERG networks are voluntarily created by employees to address common
interests or causes related to I&D, offering initiatives such as awareness
sessions, workshops, networking opportunities, and an internal
community space for discussion. This initiative is rolled out globally and

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6
primarily targets internal employees. Through their volunteer work, these
ERGs act as catalysts and enablers of the I&D policy, in particular in
fostering inclusive workplaces. The initiative is designed for the long term
and is reviewed annually. This year the annual ERG networking event was
extended to one week in October bringing together all the ERG Company
wide.
The MyWay women leadership programme dedicated to women leaders
of tomorrow, launched by the Company in 2021, is a strategic initiative
aimed at building a robust female talent pipeline for future female leaders
worldwide. This twelve-month programme is rolled-out Company-wide
and addresses the first level of management. Since its inception, the
programme has seen a steady increase in participants.
Key figures - MyWay women leadership programme

Unit

2024

Annual number of participants

Heads

100

Number of years of operation

Years

5

Number of talented women trained to date, including
the current cohort

Heads

420

(Spain) for gender balance, and Nos Quartiers ont des Talents, Alliance
pour l’éducation, Les entreprises pour la cité, and Article 1 for social
diversity. These initiatives aim to mentor young girls, women, graduates,
and non-graduates from underserved and rural areas, guiding them
towards fulfilling careers and inspiring them to pursue Science,
Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) fields. This effort is
part of the Company’s long-term strategy to enhance gender diversity
and create a sustainable impact. The programmes are geographically
focused on France, Spain, and India. As a result, the Company has been
able to have regular cohorts of mentorships with several hundreds of
young women taking part annually. These initiatives support the three I&D
strategic pillars of the Company, in particular ensuring a sustainable
impact on communities through partnerships that align with the
Company’s values.
The mentorship programmes are conducted over an academic year or
longer, depending on individual cases, with Company’s employees
serving as mentors. Additionally, personal development workshops are
provided by Company coaches to support the mentees’ growth.
All of these actions are ongoing and embedded in the Company’s usual
operations.

The Company aims to accelerate female representation in leadership roles
across the Company through a dedicated action plan. This plan includes
slots in leadership programmes designed to develop leaders from various
geographies and functions. This is supported by targeted external actions
such as career fairs, communication, and partnerships, as well as internal
initiatives like robust succession planning, mentoring, and leadership
development.
In order to actively support the four sustainability commitments, dedicated
training courses on I&D related matters are permanently available to all
employees and promoted within the learning catalogue. This Inclusive
Leadership initiative focuses on unconscious bias and is broadly deployed
across the Company via its internal learning platform. The training aims to
create awareness of unconscious bias and its potential impact on
employees, particularly in areas such as hiring, development, promotion,
and general wellbeing. The training was launched in 2021 and was part of
the mandatory learning plan for all employees. This initiative is a key
component of the Company´s strategy to foster a culture of inclusivity.
Inclusive leadership and specific unconscious bias training exist in over a
number of modules in the eLearning catalogue which have been deployed
across the Company and available in different languages as applicable.
Further, inclusive leadership and unconscious bias is embedded in
management trainings such as the MBLF - Management basics and
leadership foundations; other in-person workshops such as the more
recent Diversity Fresco also provide a channel to create more awareness
on unconscious bias.
Key figures

Unit

2024

Number of modules on inclusive leadership and specific
unconscious bias in the eLearning catalogue

No.

21

Number of workshops on the Diversity Fresco in the year

No.

54

Methodology: a module offered in multiple languages is only counted once

The Company has implemented mentorship programmes through
partnerships with external associations to promote gender and social
diversity. Partner associations include Elles Bougent, Capital Filles,
ISAE-SUPAERO (all France), Wings of Wonder (India) and Flying Women

6.3.2.8.3 Targets (S1-5)

An annual process is led by the Company Performance Management
team to define, in collaboration with all functions and involving the
divisional Performance Management teams, the Company’s Top Company
Objectives and specific targets for a given year, validated by the CEO and
the Company’s Executive Committee. With regards to People, to address
the material impact of Inclusion & Diversity at company level, a specific
Top Company Objective has been set for gender diversity with regards to
external hirings for the past few years, which continued to be in place for
2024.
The Company is committed to fostering an inclusive and high-performing
leadership by setting ambitious gender diversity targets. Starting in 2024,
the Company has differentiated the target along white- and blue-collars,
which was not the case in the past (ie: in 2023 one single target of 20% for
the combined population). 2024 targets were set as shown in the table
below and aim to increase the number of women within the Active
Workforce. The level of ambition of these targets shall be considered in
view of the current gender gap in the aerospace industry (see table
below), particularly in STEM and technical fields. These are annual targets.
Key figure

2024

Proportion of women in the aerospace industry

Less than 20%

These Company-wide targets are applicable worldwide and encompass
all consolidated entities. The target setting for gender diversity has been
presented to and validated by all heads of HR through the Executive
Human Resource Committee (EHRC). The objectives take into
consideration the 2023 end-of-year results, with a year-on-year
improvement target in light of the labour market situation outlined above.
Performance against these targets is monitored via a monthly review with
the CHRO. The time period for these targets is annual and recurring.
The Company is committed to enhancing gender diversity within its
Executive management positions. The Company has set a target to
increase representation of women in these roles by 2025 (see table
below). This target was established based on the baseline data from 2021

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

191

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

and aims for an ambitious year-on-year increase, focusing on both
external hiring and the development of the internal pipeline. The target
setting for gender diversity was presented to and validated by all heads of
HR through the EHRC. Performance towards this target is monitored via a
monthly review with the CHRO. The own workforce’s representatives are
not engaged directly in setting and tracking performance against the
targets nor in identifying lessons or improvements as a result of the
Company’s performance, but they are appropriately informed through the
different committees at national and international level.
Own workforce targets and
performance Gender diversity

Unit

Target
year

Target
value

2024
value

Women external hire - white collar

%

2024

33%

30%

Women external hire - blue collar

%

2024

12%

12%

Women in Executive management
positions

%

2025

25%

22%

Scope: Company-wide
Assumptions: see ”– 6.3.2.6 Characteristics of the undertaking’s
employees (S1-6)”

The metric illustrates the distribution of employees across the organisation
by gender and age. The data is sourced from the digital HR database,
which contains information on all employees of the Company. This data is
utilised to analyse trends and distributions by gender and age over time
and to compare them with established objectives. In this section, data is
disclosed for both active employees and those who are non-active due to
leave of absence, such as sickness, parental leave, or early retirement.
However, targets are established solely for the Active Workforce. The
Company defines top management as Executives which mean up to three
levels below from CEO, internally defined as ”band III” and above.

Unit

2024

Female

Heads

220

Male

Heads

783

Other

Heads

-

Not disclosed

Heads

-

Total

Heads

1,003

Unit

2024

<30 years old

Heads

27,934

30-50 years old

Heads

98,948

>50 years old

Heads

44,948

192

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

The Company has a long tradition of making employee relations and social
dialogue a priority and, therefore, their continuous evolution and
improvement are embedded in the Company’s Human Resources
strategy, supporting the Company’s business challenges and the
sustainability roadmap. Regular social dialogue is ensured at global,
European and local levels, in line with ILO requirements and local
legislation.
Policies previously described (Human Resources Airbus Company Policy,
Airbus Company Human Rights Policy, International Framework
Agreement, and the Code of Conduct, see sections ”– 6.3.1 Policies” and
”– 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate culture (G1-1)”), cover
the topic of collective bargaining and social dialogue. Employee relations
are underpinned by the Company commitments made in the Company’s
Code of Conduct and International Framework Agreement, signed in
2005.

6.3.2.9.2 Actions and resources (S1-4)

6.3.2.8.4 Metrics (S1-9)

Employee breakdown per age

6.3.2.9.1 Policies (S1-1)

For further detail on the key contents of the policies, its scope,
accountability, and stakeholders considerations, please refer to sections
”– 6.3.1 Policies” and ”– 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate
culture (G1-1)”.

The Company applied some new methods to boost female attraction
towards blue collar jobs in 2024 (e.g. Open Days, in the Final Assembly
Lines and plants, for unemployed women), which have demonstrated
positive impact and resulted in achieving the Blue Collar target. Despite
remaining below target in the white collar and Executive perimeter, an
increase was observed compared to the previous year, which confirms
progressive improvement year-on-year and emphasises the need to
continue setting ambitious, yet realistic targets going forward.

Employee gender distribution at top management
level

6.3.2.9 Social dialogue, freedom of association,
and collective bargaining

The Company social dialogue includes discussions about the identification
and mitigation of risks inherent to the Company’s activities with regards to
human rights, environment and health & safety. In cases of restructuring or
business relationship termination that would have a significant impact for
the Company, the Company strives to limit as much as possible the
negative impacts on its workforce and considers employment as a priority.
As an illustration, the 2021 COVID-19 adaptation plan resulted in the
signature of various collective agreements by the main unions and
provided for a range of social measures including trainings, internal
mobilities, working time adaptations, voluntary departure schemes, early
retirement and the opportunity to pursue personal or professional
opportunities outside of the Company, such as business creation as well
as dedicated partial unemployment schemes.
The Company has established a continuous social dialogue at the
European level through the Airbus SE Works Council (SEWC), in
accordance with European regulation No. 2157/2001 and Directive
2001/86/EC, both dated 8 October 2001, which pertain to the statute of
the European Company (SE) and the involvement of employees. This
initiative aims to foster mutual understanding and collaboration of
transnational solutions, which are subsequently reflected at the national
level.
In 2024, the main focus has been on preserving global social dialogue,
supporting major employee representatives elections, addressing
Company transformation projects as well as informing and consulting
about employment, working conditions and sustainability. Some of the
subjects discussed were the Commercial Aircraft transformation,
Company strategy, competence and resources management, artificial
intelligence, Airbus cyber strategy, company reorganisations, and
business updates. Countries involved in this initiative include France,
Germany, Spain, the UK, Poland, and Romania.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6
Key figures

Unit

2024

2023

Number of meetings planned with the SE
Works Council

No.

4

4

Number of meetings conducted with the SE
Works Council

No.

6

5

The Company has established the yearly Airbus Global Forum (AGF) to
enhance social dialogue beyond the European Economic Area (EEA). The
objective of AGF is to establish and to foster exchange of information and
dialogue between Airbus SE Management and employee representatives
from the main countries where the Company significantly operates and
which thus mirror its global footprint.
During 2024, the social dialogue continued in the regions based on local
exchanges between the management team and employee
representatives. For example, with the recent legislative reforms across
the Asia-Pacific (APAC) region in 2024, maintaining open channels for
social dialogue between parties remains more important than ever. In
APAC, countries such as South Korea, Thailand and Taiwan continued to
leverage Welfare Committees as platforms to enhance collaboration
between employee representatives and management. These committees
play a pivotal role in bridging communication gaps, fostering mutual
understanding, and supporting progressive workplace relations. In
Singapore, the interaction between Airbus Helicopters Southeast Asia Pte
Ltd and the Singapore industry union has remained a key focus, with
efforts directed toward deepening collaboration and building a
sustainable, long-term relationship. Ultimately, fostering an environment
that promotes open and constructive dialogue is essential to developing
resilient and inclusive workplaces in an ever-evolving regulatory
landscape. The AGF is typically held annually, contingent on the prevailing
political and economic conditions, with the most recent session
conducted in 2024.
The AGF includes selected members from the SEWC committee, along
with representatives from regions such as Africa and Middle East, China,
Latin America, Asia-Pacific, and North America. The subjects discussed
encompass ethics, the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive
(CSRD), and business updates outside the founding countries (France,
Germany, Spain, United Kingdom).
During 2024, the Company continued its commitment to fostering social
dialogue at both national and local levels. Meetings were held according to
local requirements, facilitating exchanges between the management team
and employee representatives. The dialogue was developed locally
Own workforce
Collective bargain and Social
Dialogue Coverage Rate

throughout the year in accordance with the agreed planning and the
needs to ensure collaboration and good activity. The outcome of the
dialogue with social partners at all these levels is an enhanced
communication and collaboration within the organisation fostering
enhanced understanding by employees at all levels. All the actions
mentioned are planned to mitigate risk and ensure the Company’s
success relies on effective social dialogue, freedom of association, and
collective bargaining. All of these actions are ongoing and embedded in
the Company’s usual operations.

6.3.2.9.3 Targets (S1-5)

The ambition of those involved in social dialogue is to have a collaborative
and constructive dialogue and thus build trustful relationships with social
partners to enable smooth implementation of projects and avoid any
material disruption which could result from an action of the social partners.
The Company has not set any measurable outcome-oriented targets for
the specified actions. However, the Company tracks the effectiveness of
its policies and actions in relation to material sustainability-related impacts,
risks, and opportunities for social dialogue by ensuring the dialogue
continuity through respectful, open and timely forums.

6.3.2.9.4 Metrics (S1-8)

The metrics below demonstrates the percentage of employees that are
covered by collective bargaining agreements within the EEA and out of the
EEA as well as the percentage of employees covered by Social Dialogue
within the EEA (for countries with more than 50 employees and
representing more than 10% of the total employees). The data reflects
actual figures (not estimated or extrapolated in relation to information
within the European Economic Area (EEA). This data is obtained by
cross-referencing the number of employees within each entity in every
country/region with their respective coverage status concerning collective
bargaining agreements and worker representation. For the Collective
Bargaining coverage in the regions (outside France, Germany, Spain and
the United Kingdom), the data provided represents actual figures for more
than 99% of employees. The less than 1% remaining were estimated with
the conservative assumption that they are not covered by collective
bargaining agreements. The Company has the following agreements in
place: ”Agreement on the Airbus SE-Works Council and its derived
Divisions European Committees reached between Airbus SE and the
European Negotiating Group” and the ”International Framework
Agreement” between the Company and the European Works Council.
Key figure

Unit

2024

%

91%

% of total employees covered by collective bargaining
agreements

Collective bargaining coverage

Social Dialogue

Employees
EEA countries

Employees
non-EEA regions

Workplace representation
(EEA only)

0-19%

-

Asia Pacific
India

-

20-39%

-

-

-

40-59%

-

North America

-

60-79%

-

-

-

80-100%

France
Germany

Australia & New Zealand
Europe non-EEA (incl. UK)
Latin America
Middle East & Africa

France
Germany

Note: Spain (80-100%) represents less than 10% of the employees and is therefore not included in the table above.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

193

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6.3.3 ESRS S2 - Workers in the
value chain
6.3.3.1 Workers in the value chain IROs
While the Company’s products and services are sold all over the world,
the majority of its supply chain is based in Europe and OECD countries
(see ”– 6.1.1.3.1 SBM-1: Strategy, business model and value chain”). The
Company’s value chain, which includes suppliers and sub-tier suppliers,
operates in a diverse global context. Systemic issues of work-related
rights may potentially exist, to the extent the Company’s sourcing footprint
includes countries and regions with differing labour standards and
potentially varying levels of labour law enforcement, as well as certain
activities or commodities, such as the sourcing of raw materials. In

addition, as certain industrial operations at some supplier sites tend to
involve some higher-risk activities, such as working at heights, there is a
structural risk of workers being impacted.
Ensuring respect for human rights in the Company’s upstream activities is
primarily supported by the Procurement Sustainability team which drives
key actions in the frame of the Sustainable Supply Chain Roadmap.

Building on the DMA process described under section ”– 6.1.1.4.1 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material IROs” the following
IROs were identified for workers in the value chain:
Impact, risk or
opportunity

Description

(sub-)topic

ESRS S2
Workers in the
value chain

Other work-related
rights:
> Child Labour

Potential negative
impact

The use of child labour in the upstream supply
Short-term and
chain, including in sourcing raw materials, may
mid-term
result in harm for the physical and/or mental health
of the concerned children.

Upstream

ESRS S2
Workers in the
value chain

Other work-related
rights:
> Forced labour

Potential negative
impact

The use of forced labour in the upstream supply
chain, including in situ contractors, may result in
harm for the physical and/or mental health of the
concerned worker.

Short-term and
mid-term

Upstream including
in situ contractors

ESRS S2
Workers in the
value chain

Working conditions: Potential negative
> Health and Safety impact

Unidentified weaknesses in due diligence and
health and safety management measures could
result in the use of suppliers that have inadequate
occupational health and safety management
measures potentially causing injury or ill-health
from the work environment, processes or
activities.

Short-term and
mid-term

Upstream including
in situ contractors

The Company is committed to identifying and addressing its salient
issues, including the potential material impacts mentioned above, through
ongoing monitoring of actual or potential internal and external adverse
impacts, including within its supply chain, and engagement with key
internal and external stakeholders.
Taking into account that salient issues may change over time due to
internal and external influences, the Company is committed to reviewing
them on a regular basis. This includes an annual review to identify any new
issues that may need prioritisation, a comprehensive and more in depth
review conducted every three years and ad hoc assessments as required.
The methodology used by the Company for identifying its salient issues is
based on the UNGPs and includes an assessment of actual or potential
adverse impacts in terms of severity (scope, scale, irremediability),
likelihood, relationship and level of influence to inform prioritisation. The
results of this analysis are reviewed by both internal and external
stakeholders, prior to final validation at Executive Committee level.

194

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Time horizon

Location in the
value chain

ESRS

All identified salient issues, including their associated potential adverse
impacts, are recorded through the ERM system and governance follows a
similar process as the one existing for the Company’s top company risks.
For example, sponsorship of each salient issue is at Executive Committee
level with nominated salient issue owners who have responsibility to
develop and implement action plans as well as setting measures of
effectiveness. Reporting on the progress of actions to the Executive
Committee is conducted at least once per year, including during the ERM
presentation of top company risks as well as through relevant steering
committees and other Risk & Opportunity Boards at functional and
divisional level. For further information on current and anticipated effects
of workers in the value chain-related impacts, risks and opportunities on
the Company’s business model, value chain, strategy and decisionmaking, and the actions to address them, refer to section ”– 6.3.3.6 Taking
action on material impacts on value chain workers, and approaches to
managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to
value chain workers, and effectiveness of those action (S2-4)”. For the
current financial effects on financial positions, refer to section ”– 6.1.1.3.3
SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with
strategy and business model”.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6
Through the salient issue identification process, the Company has
developed an understanding of how workers with particular
characteristics, those working in particular contexts, or those undertaking
particular activities may be at higher risk of harm. This analysis took into
account publicly available indices supporting the identification of
geographies or commodities or nature of activities where there may be
higher risk, including related to health and safety and/or child/forced
labour. From that analysis, dimensions and characteristics that appeared
relevant for the Company as differentiating factors for workers in the value
chain to be potentially more impacted are identified as follows:

”– 6.3.3.6 Taking action on material impacts on value chain workers, and
approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material
opportunities related to value chain workers, and effectiveness of those
action (S2-4)” for further details).

• Forced labour: supply chain workers, including in situ contractors,
particularly migrant workers (both foreign and domestic). Security and
cleaning services as commodities, are considered particularly at risk of
forced labour.

Supplier Code of Conduct
The Company requires that all business shall be conducted by suppliers in
compliance with applicable law and regulations as well as the principles of
the Airbus Supplier Code of Conduct (”SCoC”), which is the document of
reference for the Company’s responsible supplier management. The
SCoC is based on the International Forum on Business Ethics (IFBEC)
Model Code of Conduct and integrates company-wide values and
principles, in line with internationally recognised standards and
conventions such as UNGPs, OECD and the ILO.

• Child labour: supply chain workers, particularly those engaged in the
sourcing of raw materials.
• Health and safety: supply chain workers, including in situ contractors.
No other dimensions or characteristics have been identified as salient by
the Company, included related to workers in downstream value chain or in
the operations of joint ventures.
For each of these potential adverse impacts, the Company prioritises high
risk countries and activities through the application of a risk-based
analysis of both the supplier’s geographical location and nature of their
activity using publicly available indices. For more details, see section
”– 6.3.3.6 Taking action on material impacts on value chain workers, and
approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material
opportunities related to value chain workers, and effectiveness of those
actions (S2-4)”.

6.3.3.2 ESRS 2 SBM-2 Interests and views
of stakeholders
For information about the consideration of interests and views of
stakeholders, including workers in the value chain, please refer to section
”– 6.1.1.3.2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders”.

6.3.3.3 Policies related to value chain
workers (S2-1)
A Human Rights Core Team, made up of multi-divisional and multifunctional representatives from throughout the Company, drives the main
actions of the Human Rights Roadmap, including in relation to its identified
salient issues which address impacts across the value chain. Due to the
transverse nature of human rights topics, various functions are
responsible for managing compliance with the relevant commitments
outlined within the Company Human Rights Policy and developing
measures to support implementation, including the assignment of roles
and responsibilities within their own organisation and provision of
resources to conduct risk-based due diligence.
In addition, the Company’s Sustainable Supply Chain Roadmap, led by the
Procurement function, brings together actions on human rights, the
environment and health & safety, focusing on workers in the value chain.
Its actions are built around three key principles: supplier commitment,
supplier assessment, and supplier engagement and development (See

Below are the main policies covering material impacts on workers in the
value chain:
Human Rights Policy and IFA
See section ”– 6.3.1 Policies”

All suppliers are asked to sign a confirmation of commitment with the
principles of the SCoC (or to confirm that their own practices are aligned)
and to cascade these principles throughout their own supply chains. It is a
mandatory commitment for any supplier participating in an Airbus call for
tender.
The SCoC is endorsed by the Procurement Leadership team, including the
Chief Procurement Officer for Airbus, the Head of Procurement, Supply
Chain & Logistics for Airbus Defence and Space and the Strategic
Procurement Executive Vice President for Airbus Helicopters and the
Head of Group General Procurement. The SCoC is available on the Airbus
website, including on the ”Be an Airbus Supplier” section.
As defined in the SCoC, suppliers are expected to establish an appropriate
health and safety management system (e.g. ISO 45001 or equivalent). In
addition, the Company maintains a zero-tolerance approach to forced and
child labour and requires that suppliers comply with relevant international
standards, including the ILO Conventions on Forced Labour and Child
Labour. Suppliers are also expected to implement due diligence processes
to detect, prevent, and address potential impacts including related to
health and safety, forced and child labour and broader human rights
commitments and to apply remediation of any identified adverse impacts.
The SCoC also formally requires suppliers to comply with applicable laws
and regulations on conflict minerals, including any 3TG (tin, tungsten,
tantalum and gold) conflict minerals, and establish a policy and a
management system to ensure responsible material sourcing, in line with
the Company’s Responsible mineral policy published on its website.
Indeed some minerals including 3TG are necessary for the proper
functioning of components within its products; the Company directly
imports minerals in extremely low volumes, however such minerals are
found in certain products the Company procures.
The Company monitors adherence to the commitments and expectations
of the SCoC through ongoing due diligence to identify and mitigate or
prevent any adverse impacts related to its activities including in relation to
workers in the value chain. This approach is aligned with the OECD Due
Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct and is further
detailed in section ”– 6.3.3.6 Taking action on material impacts on value

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

195

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

chain workers, and approaches to managing material risks and pursuing
material opportunities related to value chain workers, and effectiveness of
those action (S2-4)”.
The process for engaging with the Company´s value chain workers about
material impacts is detailed below under section ”– 6.3.3.4 Processes for
engaging with value chain workers about impacts (S2-2)”.

6.3.3.4 Processes for engaging with value chain
workers about impacts (S2-2)
Engaging with stakeholders and ensuring their interests, views and rights
are taken into account, helps the Company make informed decisions
based on an improved understanding of any impacts it may cause,
contribute to or be directly linked with.
The Company’s current engagement with value chain workers is primarily
conducted based on identified potential or actual impacts, through
’credible proxies’, or through third-party assessments conducted on its
supplier sites or on its own sites (including in situ contractors), which
systematically includes worker interviews (see section ”– 6.3.3.6 Taking
action on material impacts on value chain workers, and approaches to
managing material risks and pursuing material opportunities related to
value chain workers, and effectiveness of those action (S2-4)” and section
”– 6.3.3.7 Targets related to material negative impacts, advancing positive
impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities (S2-5)”.for further
details).
Topics reviewed during the assessments align with the Company’s human
rights commitments (which take into account international standards and
principles) and the expectations defined in the Airbus Supplier Code of
Conduct, as well as applicable law. They include checks related to
indicators of forced labour and child labour, including paid recruitment
fees, retained id, worker age, working hours, remuneration, and safe
working environment.
The Company is directly informed of any findings in order to take the
appropriate action with the supplier as well as, where appropriate, an
analysis of any trends and how such findings may inform its business
strategy going forward.
Workers in the value chain can also raise concerns via the Airbus
OpenLine.
In terms of operational responsibility for ensuring that this engagement
happens, targets for the Company´s supplier assessments are included in
the 2024 objectives of the Company’s Chief Procurement Officer and
cascaded through the Procurement Organisation. In addition, sponsored
by the CSO and Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO), the Company
undertakes assessments on its own sites and has related targets (see
section ”– 6.3.3.7 Targets related to material negative impacts, advancing
positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities (S2-5)”).
This assessment includes in situ contractors.
The Company’s risk-based approach for due diligence and exchanges
with third party experts on these matters enable the Company to get
insightful perspectives on potentially more vulnerable workers as well as
on the relevance of its overall due diligence process, including about ways
of engaging with value chain workers.

196

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6.3.3.5 Processes to remediate negative impacts
and channels for value chain workers to
raise concerns (S2-3)
The Company is committed to promoting open and trusting dialogue with
workers in the value chain, including through the Airbus OpenLine
available to all stakeholders. The Airbus OpenLine is available both online
and through a dedicated telephone number and provides a confidential
way for anybody connected to its business activities to report a concern,
including related to human rights such as forced labour, child labour and
health and safety. A concern can be reported anonymously in all locations
where legally permissible. If an alert is received through OpenLine, the
Company commits to acknowledge receipt of the report within seven
days. All alerts of concern are handled by professional investigators with
the assistance of subject matter experts where required (see section ”–
6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate culture (G1-1)”).
Details of OpenLine are available on the front page of the Company
website, including on the ’contact us’ section. They are also
communicated to suppliers through the Airbus Supplier Code of Conduct.
The Company also aims to ensure that in situ contractors are aware of its
processes for raising concerns by embedding communication channels
within its operations. Although the Company raises awareness of the
available procedures for addressing any grievances, it does not have a
dedicated process to determine whether value chain workers are aware of
and trust such structures and processes.
The Company is committed to protect anyone from retaliation, direct or
indirect, towards anyone who raises questions or concerns in good faith or
assists in investigations of suspected violations. The Company’s nonretaliation principles are defined in a specific policy which provides a
comprehensive guide on preventing, detecting and remedying retaliation
(see also section ”– 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate
culture (G1-1)”). Knowing that the risk of retaliation is heightened during
investigations, it is the responsibility of the investigator to pay special
attention to the risk of retaliation and they, among other things, must
communicate the Company’s policy regarding non-retaliation to any
reporter. Protection from retaliation is also noted as a key principle in the
Airbus OpenLine policy and the Company’s internal Method for
Investigation of Compliance Allegations. For more information on the
OpenLine, see section ”– 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate
culture (G1-1)”.
A multi-functional team, including members from Legal & Compliance, the
Human Rights Roadmap and the Procurement Sustainability teams, are
updated on a regular basis on any new alerts or findings resulting from its
due diligence activities which require action, as well as the progress and
outcome of key investigations. Any investigations include engagement
and involvement of impacted rights holders and other stakeholders as
required.
If the Company identifies (including through investigations or other
means), that it has caused or contributed to an actual adverse impact
within its own operations, supply chain or other third party business
relationship through its business activities, it will endeavour to address
such impacts by providing for or cooperating in appropriate remediation.
This includes seeking to restore the affected person or persons to the
situation they would be in had the adverse impact not occurred (where
possible) and enable remediation that is proportionate to the significance
and scale of the adverse impact, including in cooperation with relevant
stakeholders.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6
6.3.3.6 Taking action on material impacts on value
chain workers, and approaches to
managing material risks and pursuing
material opportunities related to value
chain workers, and effectiveness of those
action (S2-4)
Due Diligence related to the Company’s upstream activities
During 2024, the Company continued to strengthen its risk-based human
rights due diligence taking into account the OECD Due Diligence Guidance
for Responsible Business Conduct. This due diligence is intended to
support the Company to check adherence to applicable law and
international human rights standards and principles, and identify, cease,
prevent/mitigate and remediate human rights risks, including across its
supply chain and own operations, including workers in the value chain(1).
Actual and potential adverse impacts identification in Company’s
supply chain
As described in section ”– GOV-4: Statement on due diligence, Step 2:
Identify actual and potential adverse impacts” the Company conducts due
diligence in its supply chain, which is an ongoing, iterative and
progressively in-depth process. This includes identifying and addressing
actual and potential adverse impacts. The scope of this action covers the
Company’s supply chain, with different processes and means deployed
depending on the nature of the contractual relationship with suppliers,
including prioritisation based on those sectors and locations deemed to
be more risky (see details in section ”– GOV-4: Statement on due
diligence”). Specifically, more in-depth assessment means described
below are primarily targeting Tier-1 suppliers of the Company’s three
operating segments. The table below illustrates the percentage of the
sourcing volume (2022 baseline) as well as the total number of the
Company’s identified highest risk suppliers (based on an analysis of
geographical and activity risk using public indices) having undergone a
third party evidence-based desktop Sustainability Maturity Assessment
(”SMA”). This includes suppliers who had undertaken an SMA through a
sectoral approach developed with the International Aerospace
Environmental Group (IAEG) (see section ”– 6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on
due diligence”). In addition to the SMA, other types of actions are
launched to mitigate risky suppliers (see below and ”– 6.3.3.7 Targets
related to material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and
managing material risks and opportunities (S2-5)”).

(1) whilst all Company suppliers, including suppliers of the Company’s controlled affiliates, are
part of its supply chain due diligence (onboarding, ad hoc and informal alert reporting), currently
only Tier-1 suppliers of core entities are covered through the sustainability questionnaire,
Sustainability Maturity Assessment (SMA) and risk-based supplier analysis.

The results of an SMA, or any sustainability alert, may also lead the
Company to request an on-site assessment at a particular supplier site in
a determined time frame. See table below for the number of assessments
performed.
Key figures

Unit

2024

%

86%

Number of highest risk suppliers having undergone an SMA

No.

305

Number of on-site assessments conducted on
supplier sites

No.

50

Sourcing volume having undergone an SMA

Addressing actual impacts identified through due diligence
The Company’s due diligence efforts undertaken during 2024 did not
identify any findings related to child labour. However, the Company
identified indicators of forced labour and health & safety concerns. Details
follow:
Following a third party onsite audit triggered by a visit to a supplier site,
indicators of forced labour were found on a supplier site in Southeast Asia.
This included allegations of worker-paid recruitment fees and excessive
working hours. Since identification, the Company has been working with
the supplier to clarify the alleged findings, including with the support of
external stakeholders to support guidance and worker interviews.
Following positive collaborative discussions with the supplier, all findings
are in the process of being closed and the Company is following up
closely and supporting the supplier in this respect. Whilst the additional
worker interviews clarified that no worker-paid recruitment fees were
required to be repaid, remedial actions undertaken by the supplier include
strengthening its policies, processes and guidance related to worker-paid
recruitment fees and working hours in consideration of international labour
standards. The findings will be formally closed following a third party
closure audit.
Potential or existing health & safety impacts on in-situ contractors are
covered in sections ”– 6.3.2 Own workforce”. The Company has no known
formally-reported events in the rest of its upstream and downstream value
chain that would qualify as severe human rights issues or incidents.
Actions to cease, mitigate or prevent adverse impacts
During 2024, in line with its commitment to respect human rights, the
Company continued to develop action plans relating to ceasing, mitigating
or preventing actual or potential adverse impacts related to workers in the
value chain. The Company will continue to progress actions during 2025.
See details below:
• Mitigating the risk of forced labour. The Company continued to monitor
sites in its higher risk countries in particular for indicators of forced
labour, and to develop actions related to mitigating the risk of forced
labour on its own sites, through in situ contractors, and on supplier
sites. This includes actions to review and strengthen policies and
processes throughout the procurement process, including at the
onboarding stage for in situ contractors, and monitoring. This activity is
focused on high risk activities such as cleaning, security and catering
in high risk countries for forced labour based on publicly available
indices. In addition, the Company has produced an internal Forced
Labour Toolkit to support identification of indicators and steps for
prevention of forced labour, as well as introducing a workshop focused

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

197

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

on identifying human rights impacts - both of which are primarily aimed
at exposed buyers and supply chain quality managers.
• Mitigating risks of child labour related to sourcing of raw materials.
During 2024, the Company continued to deepen its understanding of
the potential human rights impacts related to its sourcing of raw
materials, which are also of particular relevance in its transition to
decarbonisation. The objective of this ongoing action is to prioritise the
materials (minerals and metals) used in the Company’s products which
are identified as high risks for human rights, including for child and
forced labour, and health & safety. Once identified, the Company aims
to review appropriate actions to either cease, prevent or mitigate such
risks.
• Mitigating health and safety risks: for health and safety actions related
to Workers in the Value Chain (in situ contractors), see section ”–
6.3.2.7.2 Actions and resources (S1-4)” under ESRS S1 - Own
workforce. In the context of the due diligence efforts undertaken in
2024, health and safety concerns were also identified by on site
assessments of four suppliers located in Germany, Brazil and Malaysia.
These included fire alarms not present throughout the facility,
emergency evacuation exits blocked, building permits missing and
electrical risks. Following the corrective action plan defined by the third
party provider, the suppliers have been notified and appropriate
remediation actions requested. The Company is following up closely to
ensure the implementation of corresponding mitigation actions and the
findings will be formally closed following a third party closure audit.
Stakeholder engagement and collaboration
Engaging with stakeholders helps the Company make informed decisions
based on an improved understanding of the expectations of society. See
section ”– 6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due diligence, Step 4:
Stakeholder engagement and collaboration”.
Tracking and assessing effectiveness of actions
The Company considers that, as well as being good management
practice, tracking and measuring the effectiveness of its engagement with
workers in the value chain, including through the definition and setting of
key performance indicators (KPIs) and targets, is a key success factor in
helping to achieve its human rights and environmental ambitions. See
section ”– 6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due diligence, Step 4: Track &
measure effectiveness”.

198

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Providing and enabling remedy
For more information on the Company’s processes to provide or enable
remedy in the event of material negative impacts, refer to section ”–
6.3.3.5 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for value
chain workers to raise concerns (S2-3)”.
The Company has put in place a number of actions to ensure processes
for remedying material negative impacts on value chain workers are
available and effective in their implementation and outcome (see section
”– 6.3.3.5 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for
value chain workers to raise concerns (S2-3)”):
• Improving accessibility to grievance mechanisms: the Airbus OpenLine
is available on the front page of Airbus.com, including through the
’contact us’ section. In addition, the Company is currently reviewing
and updating OpenLine to support accessibility of value chain workers
operating in high risk countries for forced labour, such as availability in
additional languages, including Bangali, Nepali, Malay, Urdu and Hindi.
This includes protecting workers from retaliation for reporting concerns
in good faith.
• The application of remedy is overseen by various functions, including
the Procurement Sustainability Team for workers in the value chain.
• Engaging with suppliers and contractors, including through third
parties such as civil society organisations, to ensure effective remedy
is applied. This includes satisfactory closure of findings via third party
closure audits if required.
• A tracking system to monitor the handling and resolution of grievances
and findings, including appropriate remediation and closure.
• Ensuring timely and appropriate action to address root causes and
prevent recurrence.
• Regular review of processes and outcomes to support continuous
improvement.
If required, any issues may be escalated to the Procurement Leadership
Team and ultimately to the Corporate Third Party Compliance Committee,
which includes representatives at Executive Committee level, who may
take decisions between identified impacts and business pressures.
All of these actions are embedded in the Company’s usual operations.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6
6.3.3.7 Targets related to material negative impacts, advancing positive impacts, and managing
material risks and opportunities (S2-5)
As detailed further above, the Company has identified on-site social assessments in its own operations and that of its suppliers in addition to supplier
Sustainability Maturity Assessments as key means to identify, prevent and reduce potential impacts on workers in the supply chain; it has consequently
established related targets to monitor their proper deployment over time.
Social assessments conducted on the Company’s own sites, including value chain workers
Workers in value chain performance
Social Assessments

Unit

Target
Year

Target
Value

2024
value

%

2026

100%

70%

Number of annual on-site social assessments performed

No.

2024

15

15

Number of assessments performed since 2020

No.

Assessment of all Company sites, including controlled affiliates with more than 100 employees,
for human and labour rights, since 2020

69

Scope: The scope of this target includes the Company’s own sites and in situ contractors.
Countries of sites assessed in 2024: Spain, Germany, France, UK, Portugal, Poland, Hungary, Tunisia, Romania, Thailand, Taiwan and the USA
Methodology and assumptions: The baseline for these social assessments is based on 2020 data. There have been no changes in the target and
corresponding metrics or underlying measurement methodologies, significant assumptions, limitations, sources and adopted processes to collect data
versus 2023.

The sites were selected based on an analysis of country risk using publicly available indices (including child labour, forced labour and labour rights), the
type of activity (prioritising production facilities) and the number of employees. In addition, any alerts relating to human rights coming from other
sources, including the Internal Controls Self Assessment (”ICSA”) process. Relevant legislation was also taken into account.
Number of identified high risk suppliers sites, covered by at least one dedicated action
Workers in value chain performance
High Risk suppliers

Unit

Target
Year

Target
Value

2024
value

2024 vs
target

Number of risky supplier sites covered by at least one dedicated action

No.

2024

300

305

+1.7%

The Company has set a target to ensure that its most risky supplier sites
are covered by at least one dedicated action (previously the target was
expressed as a percentage of most risky suppliers having undergone a
sustainability assessment), see table above. This can include undertaking
a Sustainability Maturity Assessment conducted by a third party service
provider, an on-site assessment or other targeted action. This target is
part of the Company’s broader efforts to assess the maturity of its
suppliers, particularly in respect to human rights.
The scope of this target is based on the most risky suppliers identified
using risk-based analysis of both the supplier’s geographical location and
nature of their activity using publicly available indices. This inherent risk
mapping is performed on Tier-1 suppliers, excluding those of affiliates and
subsidiaries. This risk assessment started in 2022 although the baseline
and methodology have been reviewed and upgraded in 2023.
No stakeholders (including value chain workers) were involved in setting
any of the above mentioned targets. There is no direct engagement with
workers in the value chain, their legitimate representatives, or with
credible proxies to track the Company’s performance against the set
targets nor to identify lessons learned or improvements as a result of the
Company’s performance.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

199

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6.3.4 ESRS S4 - Consumers and end-users
6.3.4.1 Consumers and end-users IROs
The Company has identified aircraft passengers and flight crews as the main end-users of its products that may be materially impacted. The
consideration of their interests in the frame of the IRO described below is included in the broader ”Aviation Safety” topic. As per International Civil
Aviation Organization (ICAO) Annex 19, aviation safety is defined as ”the state in which risks associated with aviation activities, related to, or in direct
support of the operation of aircraft, are reduced and controlled to an acceptable level.” (Source: ICAO Annex 19)
The following IROs were identified for consumers and end-users:

ESRS

(sub-)topic

Personal safety of
consumers and/or end
users:
ESRS S-4
Consumers and > Health and safety
end-users
referred to as Aviation
Safety

Impact, risk or
opportunity

Description

Time horizon

Potential
negative impact

An accident associated with the operation of an aircraft Short-term,
may result in fatal or serious injury for those on board
mid-term
the concerned flight (flight crew, passengers).
and
long-term

Risk

In addition to the impact described above, there is a risk
that an aircraft accident may have a negative effect on
the public’s or regulators’ perception of the safety of a
given class of aircraft, a given airline, a form of design of
aircraft or of air traffic management. This could damage
its reputation and negatively affect the Company’s
financial performance.

Location in the
value chain

Down
stream

6.3.4.2 ESRS 2 SBM-2 – Interests and views
of stakeholders

factors and organisational factors that contribute to overall aircraft
accident prevention.

For information about the consideration of interests and views of
stakeholders, including consumers and end-users, please refer to section
”– 6.1.1.3.2 SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders”

As such, aviation safety related IROs are fully embedded into the
Company’s business model. Aviation Safety is continuously reinforced as
everyone’s business, in particular through the core safety values
promoted in the Airbus Code of Conduct. Potential negative material
impacts on end-users are related to potential incidents or accidents in the
use phase of its products, which would impact any person on board (e.g.
passenger, crew member) of the concerned flight in a similar manner. As
such, there are no material risks and opportunities arising from impacts
and dependencies on consumers and end-users linked to specific groups.
As described in the IROs, the Company established a strong correlation
between aviation safety-related impact and risk, both triggered by the
same potential events.

6.3.4.3 ESRS 2 SBM-3 – Material impacts, risks
and opportunities and their interaction
with strategy and business model
Aviation-safety related IROs are related to the use of the Company’s
products see section ”– 6.1.1.3.3 SBM-3: Material impacts, risks and
opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model”.
Taking into account stakeholders’ expectations, including those from
stringent related applicable regulations and from the constant dialogue
with airworthiness authorities (see hereafter) and customers - that are all
three considered credible proxies to represent end-users’ views, interests
and rights -, aviation safety is a critical consideration in any concerned
business decisions across many business dimensions, ranging for
instance from product design to support to manufacturing or aircraft
in-operations.
As a foundation of the Company’s business model, aviation safety across
the Company aims at ensuring that each aircraft is safely designed and
manufactured. Going beyond the Company’s perimeter of responsibilities,
the Company’s safety strategy also aims at influencing external
stakeholders to further reinforce the safety of operations and at air
transport system level. The Airbus Safety Management System (SMS),
described in section ”– 6.3.4.2 Policies related to consumers and
end-users (S4-1)”, is an holistic approach, applicable to the Company’s
three operating segments, which encompasses technical factors, human

200

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Key figure
Fatal accident rate (10-year moving average (per million flights) at
industry wide level)

2024
value

Fourth generation commercial aircraft

0.04

Methodology: 10-year moving average fatal accident rate (per million
flights) per aircraft generation at industry wide level. All the Company’s
fly-by-wire family aircraft (including A320, A330/A340, A380, A350, A220
fleets) correspond to the latest fourth-generation aircraft. This data is
based on publicly available data from ICAO and Cirium.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6
6.3.4.4 Policies related to consumers and endusers (S4-1)
To support the Company vision for safety: ”We constantly strive to
enhance safety together in our quest to reach zero accidents”, the
Aviation Safety Company Policy covers the entire product lifecycle (from
early design, production to in-service operation). The Company’s aviation
safety strategy aims to ensure that:
• appropriate programmes are implemented to continuously enhance
the safety culture within the Company;
• means are provided so that any employee can report safety concerns
and be listened to;
• aviation safety is a priority in decision making; and
• lessons learned and best practices are shared with internal and
external stakeholders, and take action as appropriate also based on
identified top safety threats or opportunities.
The policy clearly sets the intended safety culture (core values and
mission), mid-term vision, and associated top level initiatives/objectives. It
ultimately provides the employees with aviation safety objectives. This
policy is applicable to all employees within Airbus, Airbus Defence and
Space and Airbus Helicopters, and targets the safety of all populations
referenced in the ICAO Annex 13, therefore including passengers and
flight crews.
The Airbus Company Human Rights Policy includes a commitment to do
its utmost to ensure that aviation safety is never compromised. For further
information about the policy and the international standards and principles
it takes into account, see section”– 6.3.1 Policies”.
Accountability and governance
At Company level, the Head of Corporate Aviation Safety governance for
all business segments is accountable for ensuring the SMS consistency
and coordination across the Company, notably through the common
safety policy. He reports to the CEO. Operational safety accountability - in
particular for products (e.g. helicopters) - is kept at business level (e.g.
Airbus Helicopters).
For the Commercial Aircraft business segment, the Head of Aviation
Safety is accountable for the corporate SMS and aviation safety overall
activities. He reports directly to the CEO of Commercial Aircraft, and
chairs the Product Safety Board (PSB), which includes several Executive
Committee members and senior executives. The PSB ensures proactive
safety decision-making on corporate safety topics through
multidisciplinary assessments at the highest decision level of the
Company.
Additionally, the Head of Aviation Safety performs biyearly safety reviews
at Board of Directors’ level.
Airbus Safety Management System (”SMS”)
Consistent with ICAO Annex 19, the Company’s Corporate SMS is based
on the four ICAO pillars: safety policy and objectives, safety risk
management, safety assurance, and safety promotion. The Company’s
Corporate SMS principles also integrate the end-to-end approach to
safety with the Company’s suppliers and operators. This is facilitated by
an appointed Corporate SMS Officer and SMS Officers per function with

support from a network of nominated SMS representatives throughout the
Company. Their role is to ensure implementation and operation of the SMS
in their relevant organisation.
Regulatory Compliance
Product certifications are provided by the competent aviation authorities
including the main civil aviation authorities and specific military authorities.
Within each business segment, and according to their respective
functions, the Company works to ensure compliance through:
• design and certification of products under European Union Aviation
Safety Agency (EASA) Part 21 Subpart J Design Organisation
Approvals (DOA); ECSS-Q ST-40-C (for space products) and Def-Stan
00-56 (for defence products);
• manufacturing under EASA Part 21 Subpart G Production Organisation
Approvals (POA);
• monitoring of in-service safety through approved EASA Part-M
Continuing Airworthiness Management and EASA Part-CAMO
Continuing Airworthiness Management Organisations (CAMO);
• aircraft maintenance and retrofit operations conducted in line with civil
and military under EASA Part 145 Maintenance Organisations
Approvals (MOA); and
• training provided to flight crews, cabin crews and maintenance crews
through EASA Part 147 Approved Training Organisations (ATO).
The certified organisations within the Company where specific approvals
are granted by the aviation authorities, are audited and monitored by
these authorities and by the Internal Control to ensure compliance with
regulatory requirements. Additional audits are conducted by third parties
as part of the quality certifications appropriate to Airbus and the two
Divisions, including EN9100, EN9001, EN9110, AQAP 2110, AQAP 2210 and
AQAP 2310.
Commitment to Just and Fair Culture for aviation safety and quality
This commitment ensures that the appropriate reporting channels are
available and known to all employees to report product safety and
quality-related matters in an atmosphere of trust and empowerment. It is
documented and endorsed with the signature of the CEO, Executive
Committee members and top management of Airbus and the two
Divisions. These commitments are attached to the Airbus Aviation Safety
Company Policy.
Consideration of passengers as end-users is facilitated through proxies
such as airlines and airworthiness authorities, with which the Company is
in constant dialogue, see section ”– 6.3.4.3 Process for engaging with
consumers and end-users (S4-2)” for more information. The Aviation
Safety Company Policy is accessible to all employees of the Company via
the Business Management System (BMS). The policy was defined in order
to continuously reinforce prevention of aircraft incidents and accidents, as
per the aviation safety vision to reach zero accidents. In addition, this
policy is also compliant with applicable aviation safety regulatory
requirements, including EASA requirements for SMS, that aim to set global
safety standards for aviation and therefore consider end-users’ health and
safety interests as a priority focus.
For more information on the approach with regards to measures to provide
and/or enable remedy for human rights impacts, refer to section ”– 6.3.4.4
Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers
and end-users to raise concerns (S4-3)”.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

201

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6.3.4.5 Processes for engaging with consumers
and end-users about impacts (S4-2)
The Company engages with operators and airworthiness authorities, and
other external stakeholders (e.g. suppliers, MRO, training centres) in a
comprehensive manner to contribute to the safe operations of its products
and services throughout the aircraft lifecycle.
Sharing safety information is a key contributor to increasing the level of
safety. The Head of Aviation Safety, reporting to the Company’s CEO has
operational responsibility for ensuring means are implemented to foster
sharing of information.
There is continuous safety communication and regular exchanges
between Airbus and external stakeholders. In addition, the Airbus annual
flight safety conferences with Airbus customers, initiated in 1994, and the
Company’s safety magazine (”Safety first”), which reaches over 1,500
aviation professionals daily via the website safetyfirst.airbus.com, are
specific aviation safety-led activities which contribute to the enhancement
of safety for aircraft operations by increasing knowledge and
communication on safety-related topics. The Safety-first application D10X
(short for Air Transport Safety, Destination 10X Together) is another
collaborative initiative with airlines. The aim of D10X is to propose and
share pragmatic solutions together with operators of Airbus aircraft for the
key safety issues identified within this network.
Airbus works closely with airworthiness authorities such as the EASA, in all
aspects of the lifecycle of Airbus products, from conception through to
design, certification, production and in-service support to ensure
continuous safety of Airbus products. This collaborative approach ensures
the full involvement of external stakeholders (airlines and airworthiness
authorities) and helps incorporate feedback into the design process.
To support safety in operations, Airbus regularly shares safety-related
information with airlines, airworthiness authorities and other relevant
stakeholders. This includes technical updates, and operational advisories
to inform stakeholders about potential issues and recommended actions.
Airbus maintains a transparent incident reporting system that encourages
airlines to report any safety-related events. This information is analysed to
improve overall safety and shared with relevant authorities as appropriate.
Airbus also offers ongoing technical support to airlines, helping them
address any safety concerns. This support includes troubleshooting,
maintenance advice, and regular updates on best practices.
Airbus offers training programs for pilots, cabin and maintenance crews,
aiming at ensuring they are qualified and have the appropriate skills to
operate and maintain Airbus aircraft safely. Training includes simulator
sessions, emergency procedures, and regular updates on new safety
protocols.

6.3.4.6 Processes to remediate negative impacts
and channels for consumers and endusers to raise concerns (S4-3)
With the sole objective to prevent reoccurence of accidents and incidents,
Airbus supports ICAO Annex 13 investigations. Airbus acts as a technical
advisor to the accredited representatives, in accordance with the ICAO
Annex 13 to the Convention on International Civil Aviation International
Standards & Recommended Practices.

202

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Airbus encourages operators, MROs, and its suppliers to not only report
according to mandatory requirements to their own agency and/or national
airworthiness authority, but also directly to Airbus for technical and
operational feedback, and including non-mandatory safety-related
incidents.
The Airbus OpenLine is implemented as an additional reporting means to
Company employees and any external stakeholder, who can raise
concerns, including related to safety. It allows individuals to report
concerns anonymously (where legally permissible), and is communicated
about through various channels including the Company website and
official publications such as the Report of the Board of Directors. The
Company protects those who speak up and raise concerns appropriately
and in good faith, consistently with the Airbus Commitment to Just & Fair
Culture. See ESRS G1 for more details on policies in place to protect
individuals from retaliation. To close the loop, the Company shares lessons
learned from accident and incident investigations with the wider aviation
community to enhance overall industry safety.
The safety risk management process is fully embedded into the SMS,
which includes a monitoring of efficiency to ensure that potential
safety-related issues are adequately assessed, managed and mitigated.
The effectiveness of these communication channels is ensured by several
means, including their availability 24/7 and the consideration of related
feedback received from customers and operators. See section ”– 6.4.1.2
Business conduct policies and corporate culture (G1-1)” for more details on
the OpenLine mechanism.

6.3.4.7 Taking action on material impacts on
consumers and end-users, and
approaches to managing material risks and
pursuing material opportunities related to
consumers and end-users, and
effectiveness of those actions (S4-4)
Actions identified to support aviation safety address both the impact and
the risk linked to this topic. The action plan is on-going, permanent, and
fully operational and supports the current safety level in the aviation
sector. It includes prevention, mitigation and remediation actions that
address negative material impacts on consumers and end-users, and is
fully embedded in the Airbus SMS. It integrates an end-to-end approach
to safety which encompasses the Company´s products, their
documentation, and associated operations and services. The Airbus SMS
exceeds SMS requirements for European Original Equipment
Manufacturers (OEM) which apply to Approved Organisations (e.g. DOA,
POA). In particular, the Company has also implemented and maintains a
robust and mature SMS across its functions including Engineering,
Customer Services, Operations, Manufacturing, Procurement, etc.
SMS comprehensive action plan involves a large number of employees,
for whom aviation safety is embedded in their respective tasks and duties,
including for instance programmes, engineering teams, procurement
teams, production lines, quality teams, customer support teams and
aviation safety teams. Beyond this workforce dimension, action plan
execution is also enabled by a number of means deployed in relation to
activities described hereafter such as related IT systems, R&D activities, or
industrial operations CapEx supporting quality.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

6
Key actions include:
Safety in design. This set of actions primarily contributes to the IRO
prevention/avoidance covering all three business segments. The
Company incorporates safety principles from the earliest stages of
product design. This includes the use of advanced engineering
techniques, rigorous testing, and simulation to identify and mitigate
potential safety risks. During the design phase, the Company conducts
thorough risk assessments to identify potential hazards and implement
design features that enhance safety. This includes structural integrity,
redundant systems, and fail-safe mechanisms. Consideration of human
factors is integral to design. The Company ensures that the cockpit,
controls, and interfaces are designed to minimise pilot error and enhance
situational awareness. The Company invests in research and innovation to
develop new technologies and methods that enhance safety. This
includes exploring advanced materials, automation, and artificial
intelligence to improve aircraft safety and performance.
Safety in production. This set of actions primarily contributes to the IRO
prevention/avoidance covering all three business segments. The
Company employs stringent quality control processes during production
to ensure that all components and systems meet safety standards. This
includes regular inspections, testing, also in compliance with international
aviation regulation requirements. This involves rigorous supplier audits and
certifications. The Company also adopts a continuous improvement
approach, using feedback from production to enhance manufacturing
processes and product quality.
Safety in supply chain. This set of actions primarily contributes to the IRO
prevention/avoidance covering products from all three business
segments. The Company works closely with its suppliers to ensure that all
materials and parts meet the required safety and quality standards. It is
working with its supply chain to extend its safety enhancement principles
to its suppliers. This includes specific SMS forums and initiatives with its
suppliers, which reinforce the collaborative approach for optimising
responses to in-service feedback and reports. To ensure the safety and
quality of parts used in aircraft and spacecraft manufacturing guarantee
that the final product will meet safety and quality standards, the Company
cascades related requirements to all its direct suppliers through
contractual terms and the Supplier Code of Conduct. These go beyond
ISO EN9100 quality standards, with the requirement for suppliers to
continuously train their employees on quality assurance and ensure they
are appropriately skilled. The Company leads an annual audit campaign to
verify all quality requirements are met, including performance and
compliance. Priorities are defined based on risk ranking criteria that
consider parts criticality, operational maturity and production capacity.
Testing and certification. This set of actions primarily contributes to the
IRO prevention/avoidance and covering products from all three business
segments. The Company conducts extensive ground and flight testing of
prototypes to validate the safety and performance of new aircraft models.
This includes testing under various operational conditions and stress
scenarios. Before any aircraft enters service, it must receive certification
from aviation authorities such as the EASA, Transport Canada Civil
Aviation (TCCA) and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). This
certification process ensures that the aircraft complies with all safety
regulations and standards. See section ”– 6.3.4.2 Policies related to
consumers and end-users (S4-1)” for more information.

Operations and in-service support. This set of actions primarily
contributes to the IRO prevention/avoidance and covers the operations of
products from all three business segments. To support continuous
airworthiness and safety, the Company develops detailed maintenance
programmes for its aircraft, which include scheduled inspections,
preventive maintenance, and necessary repairs. At airlines request, Airbus
uses advanced data monitoring systems to track the performance of its
aircraft in service, and support safety risk assessment and development
of mitigation actions. Airbus also provides comprehensive training
programmes for pilots, focusing on both normal and emergency
procedures. This includes simulator training and ongoing education to
ensure pilots are well-prepared to operate the aircraft safely.
Incident and accident investigation. This set of actions primarily
contributes to the IRO remediation and prevention, and covers products
from all three business segments. See above ”– 6.3.4.4 Processes to
remediate negative impacts and channels for consumers and end-users
to raise concerns (S4-3)” for more information.
Continuous safety enhancements. This set of actions primarily
contributes to the IRO prevention/avoidance and covers products from all
three business segments. To further enhance the resilience of the
Company’s products against abnormal conditions, and go beyond strict
compliance with certification and airworthiness duties, the Company
applies proactive risk management principles which drive the safety
processes. The Company fosters a strong safety culture across the
organisation, encouraging employees at all levels to prioritise safety and
report potential hazards without fear of retribution. Employees receive
safety and quality related training adapted to their working stations, and in
line with regulatory requirements from EASA (See above, policy section).
Aviation sector engagement. This set of actions primarily contribute to
the IRO prevention/avoidance and supports the safety of products from all
three business segments. The Company engages with a wide range of
stakeholders, including operators, regulatory bodies, and industry groups,
to share safety information and collaborate on safety initiatives. Airbus
engages in collaborative research projects with airlines and regulatory
bodies to develop new safety technologies and methodologies. This joint
effort accelerates the adoption of innovations that enhance safety. Airbus
works closely with Air Traffic Management (”ATM”) bodies such as
EUROCONTROL to enhance the integration between aircraft and air traffic
management systems and ensure that cockpit procedures and
communication protocols align with ATM practices, especially enhancing
safety during critical phases like takeoff, landing, and in congested
airspace. This includes developing standardised operational manuals that
promote clear, consistent communication between pilots and Air Traffic
Control (”ATC”). Airbus engages with regulatory authorities and sectoral
bodies on initiatives that promote a global approach to aviation safety
through standardised procedures and regulations. Such third parties
include EASA and FAA, ICAO, IATA, International Federation of Air Line
Pilots’ Associations (IFALPA) and the Aviation Supply Chain Integrity
Coalition.
For more information on how the Company ensures that processes to
provide or enable remedy in the event of material negative impacts are
available and effective in their implementation and outcomes, refer to
section ”– 6.3.4.4 Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels
for consumers and end-users to raise concerns (S4-3)”.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

203

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.3 Social Information

All of these actions are ongoing and embedded in the Company’s usual
operations.
The Company deeply regrets any fatalities associated with the operational
use of its products. During the reporting period, fatalities occurred in
relation to a number of helicopter accidents and on board a De Havilland
regional aircraft that collided with an A350 commercial aircraft in Japan.
For more information on the approach with regards to provide for and
cooperate in or support provision of remedy for those harmed by actual
material impacts, refer to section ”– 6.3.4.4 Processes to remediate
negative impacts and channels for consumers and end-users to raise
concerns (S4-3)” as well as section ”– 6.1.1.2.4 Statement on due
diligence”, subsection ”Step 6: Cooperating in appropriate remedy”.

6.3.4.8 Targets related to managing material
negative impacts, advancing positive
impacts and managing material risks and
opportunities (S4-5) and metrics
Airbus has established a safety-related target that measures the
continuous efficiency of the SMS. The SMS network coverage, and
particularly the nomination and training of SMS officers in key business
functions, was identified as a key safety performance indicator. So, it sets
as a target that ”100% of SMS officers shall be nominated and trained” on
a continuous basis, monitored since 2018 and formalised in 2021, which
contributes to reducing impacts on customers and end-users as well as
reducing the risk.
This target was set by the Company, with no specific consultation of
stakeholders, on a voluntary basis, and was approved and is monitored as
per the SMS governance described above. End-users and customers are
not involved in tracking the performance against the target. The target
covers the SMS officers nominated in the functions within the Commercial
Aircraft business segment. SMS officers are considered trained when they
have completed a comprehensive training dedicated to SMS officers
provided by qualified trainers on SMS.

204

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

SMS officers

Target

Target horizon

2024

Nominated

100%

permanent

100%

Trained

100%

permanent

100%

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.4 Governance Information

6.4 Governance Information

6

6.4.1 ESRS G1 - Business conduct
6.4.1.1 Business Conduct IROs
The following IROs were identified for business conduct:

Description

Time horizon

Location in the
value chain

Risk

There is a risk that the Company’s numerous suppliers and
subcontractors’ financial health and ability to meet their
contractual obligations may be negatively impacted by internal
and external factors, which could lead to operational disruptions
and delivery delays. This could negatively affect financial
performance.

/

Own operations

Corruption & Bribery

Risk

There is a risk that ethical misconduct or non-compliance with
applicable anti-bribery laws and regulations by the Company, its
employees or any third party acting on its behalf could expose it
to liability. This could negatively affect financial performance and
damage its reputation.

/

Own operations

ESRS G1
Business
Conduct

Speak Up (renamed
from, and covers,
Protection of
whistleblowers)

Risk

/
There is a risk that not being able to maintain an effective speak
up culture within the Company, including protection of
whistleblowers, may delay the identification of certain risks or
situations until they have been revealed in the public domain. This
could negatively affect financial performance and damage its
reputation.

Own operations

ESRS G1
Business
Conduct

Corporate Culture

Risk

There is a risk that a dysfunctional and negative corporate culture /
in the Company may lead to a lack of shared values, decreased
motivation, reduced productivity and a failure to meet agreed
standards and applicable rules. This could negatively affect
financial performance.

Own operations

ESRS

(sub-)topic

ESRS G1
Business
Conduct

Management of
relationships with
suppliers including
payment practices

ESRS G1
Business
Conduct

Impact, risk or
opportunity

6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies and corporate
culture (G1-1)
The Company supports the principles of the UN Global Compact and the
Global Principles of Business Ethics from the International Forum on
Business Ethical Conduct (IFBEC), which set a benchmark for high ethical
standards globally.
The Company’s Ethics & Compliance programme seeks to ensure that the
Company’s business practices and corporate culture conform to
applicable laws, regulations and ethical business principles while
reinforcing a culture of integrity and speak-up. Topics covered by this
programme include, but are not limited to: corporate culture, protection of
whistleblowers, bribery and corruption, relationships with third parties,
fraud, export control and sanctions, fair competition, conflicts of interest,
insider trading, money laundering and tax evasion. To ensure the
deployment of this programme and adapt to a constantly evolving
regulatory landscape, each of these topics are supported by dedicated
policies that are regularly updated. The Company is also coordinating a
network of Ethics & Compliance Representatives (”ECRs”), spanning
Airbus and the two Divisions, all functions and regions. Although the ECR
network members are not compliance experts, they play an important role
in promoting the Ethics & Compliance programme and culture and serve
as points of contact for any employee who has questions about the Ethics
& Compliance programme or wishes to raise an Ethics & Compliance

concern, including but not limited to bribery or corruption. The Ethics &
Compliance team animates the ECR network, providing continuous
awareness and information to the ECRs. Any employee may also reach out
to the Ethics & Compliance team for any ethics and compliance matter,
amongst other channels to raise concerns.
Specific policies, detailed further below, have been adopted to address
the Company’s Business conduct material IROs, including:
• Code of Conduct
• Airbus Anti-Corruption Policy
• Requirements for Ethics & Compliance Specific Areas for Employees
• Requirements for Ethics & Compliance Third Party and Transactions
Management
• Requirements for Sponsorships, Donations and Corporate
Memberships
• Requirements for Export Control
• Responsible Lobbying Charter
The Ethics & Compliance organisation is tasked with oversight and
monitoring of all the policies above, to evaluate them, and ensure that they
are being implemented effectively. Periodic controls on key processes are
performed and reports provided to the Company’s Executive Committee

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

205

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.4 Governance Information

and the ECSC, including recommendations to strengthen the Ethics &
Compliance programme where necessary. In addition, the Corporate
Audit & Forensic Department conducts periodic, independent audits of the
Company’s compliance processes to assess the effectiveness of internal
controls and procedures and allow the Company to develop action plans
for strengthening such controls.
Improving the Ethics & Compliance programme remains a constant and
ongoing process, in cooperation with other functions within the Company,
in order to sustain and capitalise on its values. Going forward, the
Company will continue to assess its risks and monitor and test the
implementation of mitigation measures at all levels: corporate level,
Divisions, regions and local entities. When misconduct reveals a gap in
compliance policies, procedures or tools, the Company undertakes
revisions to its Ethics & Compliance programme commensurate with the
wrongdoing and in light of lessons learned. The Company is committed to
the continuous improvement of its Ethics & Compliance programme, and
aims at making it sustainable over time. While compliance at the Company
will therefore always be subject to continuous improvement, the Company
is committed to this endeavour, as it aims to make its Ethics & Compliance
programme sustainable over time. By way of example, in 2024 integrity
and compliance continued to be integrated in the Top Company
Objectives. The Company continued to improve its Ethics & Compliance
framework by enhancing the digital solutions made available to employees
in the fields of whistleblowing, gifts & hospitality or sponsorships &
donation management, as well as conflicts of interests. To further promote
the corporate culture, all policies and guidelines are made available to
employees on the intranet and via their local Ethics and Compliance
teams. In addition, as part of their annual goals and objectives, all
Company employees are required to complete mandatory ethics and
compliance training. Based on criteria such as the business function, the
level of risk associated with their role and the country in which they are
located, employees can be categorised as exposed employees. These
exposed employees must attend additional training and are also required
to complete regular refresher training. Trainings for all employees are
mandatory and monitored, and managers have a responsibility to ensure
that their team members complete their respective trainings in due time.
Code of conduct
By defining expectations and standards in regards to ethical behaviour
and responsible business practices, the Airbus Code of Conduct guides
employees and supports the prevention of unethical business conduct
including corruption and bribery. It addresses a range of social,
environmental and governance topics, including but not limited to
corporate culture, protection of whistleblowers, bribery and corruption,
and relationship with third parties.
The Code of Conduct is applicable to the Company’s global workforce,
including all divisions and controlled subsidiaries or joint ventures.
The CEO holds accountability for the Code. The Code of Conduct is
accessible to all stakeholders via the external website airbus.com and is
also available internally to the workforce.
The Company recognises that the Code of Conduct cannot prevent every
situation that may arise in the course of doing business. The Company
therefore enables employees and third parties – including but not limited
to contractors, subcontractors, direct or indirect suppliers, customers,
end-users and local communities around Company’s sites and those of its
suppliers – to speak-up about concerns related to the Company.

206

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

Concerns may be raised through various channels, including through the
OpenLine (available to all at https://www.airbusopenline.com). The
OpenLine enables people to submit an alert securely and confidentially. If
preferred, employees may also report concerns to line managers, Human
Resources Business Partners, a member of the Legal & Compliance team,
Ethics & Compliance Representatives, Privacy Focal Points, or Export
Control Points of Contact.
The Company’s employees are made aware of speak-up channels as part
of mandatory annual training, company-wide communications on the
Company’s intranet, poster campaigns in work sites, annual team talks,
and other periodic communications. Employees’ knowledge of and trust in
the Company’s treatment of ’Speak Up’ is assessed during the periodic
’My Working Environment’ survey offering insights on its effectiveness (for
more information regarding the survey, see section ”– 6.3.2.4 Processes
for engaging with own workers and workers’ representatives about
impacts”).
Matters requiring investigation are managed by dedicated members of the
Ethics & Compliance team in accordance with an internal method on how
to conduct investigations. The Ethics & Compliance team provides
updates to the pool of internal investigators on internal policies, recent
developments in the regulatory framework and investigation best
practices to ensure the consistent and objective deployment of
compliance investigations across the entire Company. Based on the
conclusion of such investigations, corrective or disciplinary actions may
be taken.
The Company commits to protecting those who speak up and raise
concerns. In particular, it commits not to retaliate against anyone who
raises a concern in good faith, against those who assist in investigations,
or against other legally protected classes in the jurisdictions where it
operates. The Company’s Method for Investigation of Ethics & Compliance
Allegations integrates principles of non-retaliation aligned with the
transpositions of Directive (EU) 2019/1937 which aims to drive a ”Speak
Up” culture. The speak up channels and the non-retaliation principles are
both included into various team talks, e-learnings, anti-bribery and
corruption trainings, and otherwise communicated frequently.
Below can be found the total number of alerts or allegations received.
Key figures

Unit

2024

Number of alerts or allegations received

No.

1,730

Airbus anti-corruption policy
While the Airbus Code of Conduct provides guidance on common ethical
issues and dilemmas such as anti-corruption, the Airbus Anti-Corruption
Policy and the specific directives referenced in this policy, including
requirements for anti money laundering, form the backbone of the Airbus
Ethics & Compliance Programme. The policy provides a clear framework
for the Company’s corporate culture and for the conduct of business,
applying to all hierarchical levels, thus supporting the prevention of
corruption and bribery across the Company.
The policy applies to the entire workforce of the Company, including
employees and directors within every subsidiary or joint venture under
control of the Company, and is enforced globally across Airbus and the
two Divisions and controlled subsidiaries. The Company’s General
Counsel is the designated owner of this policy.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.4 Governance Information

6
This policy is accessible to all stakeholders via the external website and
internally to the entire workforce.
Requirements for ethics & compliance specific areas for employees
A specific company directive supports the prevention of unethical
business conduct including corruption and bribery by defining the
Company’s requirements for the prevention of corruption and business
ethical conduct more broadly. The directive specifically identifies
requirements of employee action and behaviour, roles and responsibilities
related to: training, gifts and hospitality exchange, conflict of interest
declaration, competitive intelligence gathering, speak-up and
investigations. This directive is supplemented by several methods, which
address each of these areas in detail.
This directive does not address the prevention of corruption and business
ethical conduct more broadly in the engagement or transactions with
Third Parties, or in the context of Sponsorships & Donations (see
section d. and e.below).
The directive is applicable to the entire workforce of the Company
globally, including all divisions and controlled subsidiaries and the Chief
Ethics and Compliance Officer is accountable.
Requirements for ethics and compliance third party and transactions
management
The Company has an established directive to address ethics and
compliance in third-party engagements and transactions, aimed at
preventing, detecting, and remediating compliance risks, including but not
limited to bribery and corruption, sanctions and export control. This
directive outlines the methods for engaging sales intermediaries,
lobbyists, special advisors (i.e. political or strategic advisors), channel
partners (i.e. distributors and resellers) and suppliers as well as managing
compliance in mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, partnerships, and
similar transactions. It also includes methods for preventing corruption in
international cooperation and offset activities as well as in the context of
commercial credits and customer due diligence.
The Directive is applicable to the entire Company workforce globally,
including all divisions and controlled subsidiaries and the Chief Ethics and
Compliance Officer is accountable.
Requirements for sponsorships, donations and corporate
memberships
The Company’s comprehensive directive addresses the risks of bribery
and corruption associated with Sponsorships, Corporate Donations, and
Corporate Memberships (SDM). This policy mandates that all SDM
activities must be duly declared and approved according to applicable
thresholds, ensuring that only validated projects are executed. The
directive is designed to frame, control, and monitor all SDM activities
within the Company worldwide, encompassing the Divisions and
controlled subsidiaries. The Chief Sustainability Officer and
Communications is accountable for this directive.
Requirements for Export Control
In order to ensure its compliance with export control regulations and laws
in the EU, UK, US and all the countries where or with whom it operates,
the Company continues to strengthen its export control compliance
programme to ensure it is fit for purpose. Where risks are identified, they
are embedded and monitored in the Company’s ERM. Identified risks
include potential unauthorised access to export-controlled data and

hardware by third parties and non-compliance with any regulations
including but not limited to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations
(ITAR), Export Administration Regulations (EAR), European Union and
national military and dual-use regulations.
The Company has cascaded its export control requirements through nine
directives and methods throughout the Company, for which the Chief
Ethics and Compliance Officer is accountable. In parallel, in 2024, the
Company continued to deploy digital tools, developed through its Global
Export Control Solutions (GECS) project in order to support the fulfilment
of those requirements with regards to, notably, classification, record
keeping, screening, accreditation, tangible and intangible transactions
compliance or access control securitisation. Continuous efforts are
ongoing to extend the scope of deployment in the Company’s Commercial
Aircraft business and further deploy akin solutions within Airbus
Helicopters and Airbus Defence and Space, core entities as well as
subsidiaries and affiliates in the years to come.
In addition, in February 2022, the Company launched the Export Control
Points of Contact (”EPoCs”) network, spanning both Divisions, functions,
and regions (see figures in the table below). Similar to ECRs, EPoCs are not
export control experts but serve as ”first line of defence” and the ”go-to”
individuals for export control matters. By raising awareness among
employees and acting as local focal points for queries on export controlrelated topics in their respective functions, EPoCs are key contributors to
the Company’s common objective: embed an export control compliance
system and culture throughout Company’s businesses. The network is
established and active within the Company.
Key figure

Unit

2024

Number of EPoCs

No.

648

Responsible lobbying charter
The Company is committed to ensuring that any lobbying activity is
undertaken in compliance with all applicable laws and its anti-corruption
programme. In 2021, the Company published a Responsible Lobbying
Charter aimed at anybody who engages with public officials in any
capacity, including third party representatives retained by the Company.
The Charter was signed by the General Counsel who is accountable for it
as the Head of Public Affairs. The Charter, available on the Company
website, outlines the Company’s core principles for responsible lobbying
and brings together the Company’s key codes and directives relevant to
this topic. The principles are also reinforced by a training module available
to all employees.

6.4.1.3 	Prevention and detection of corruption and
bribery (G1-3)
For a general introduction to how the Company drives the prevention of
corruption and bribery, see section ”– 6.4.1.2 Business conduct policies
and corporate culture (G1-1)”.
The Company seeks to maintain a strong ’Speak Up’ culture and
encourages employees and others to raise concerns, whether related to
corruption and bribery or to other issues that may arise in the context of
the Company’s business. To allow people to raise concerns, the
Company’s OpenLine is publicly accessible to Company employees and
external stakeholders, including suppliers and their employees. Access to

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

207

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.4 Governance Information

OpenLine is an essential component of the Airbus Code of Conduct and it
has been reiterated in the updated Supplier Code of Conduct. The
Company´s employees may also report concerns to managers, HRBPs, a
member of the Legal & Compliance team or Ethics & Compliance
Representatives. As for the supply chain, apart from OpenLine and direct
reports from employees, the Company may receive alerts from other
sources including through media screening, NGO reports, or Supplier
Compliance Review which is a screening ahead of supplier selection.
Analysis and/or investigation of corruption and bribery alerts are managed
by a dedicated Ethics & Compliance team. Alerts related to other topics
can be managed in collaboration with other relevant teams, such as the
Sustainability Legal Affairs, the Procurement Sustainability and the
Sustainability & Environment teams depending on the cases.
After an alert is submitted, trained team members perform a process to
ensure each matter is appropriately addressed and feedback is provided
to the reporter. Ethics and compliance alerts are tracked in an accesslimited database to ensure appropriate investigation and follow up is
performed.
Key steps are detailed below:
• initial review to determine if an investigation is needed;
• detailed analysis of the allegation including collection of evidence;
• assessment of information and documentation collected during the
investigation, summary of the findings and proposal of remedial
actions necessary to reasonably respond to and prevent the
recurrence of the conduct, if any;
• closing the investigation and reporting;
• monitoring of the implementation of remedial actions.
Alert handling is overseen by cross-functional management teams at
corporate level and across Airbus and the two Divisions, who periodically
review the progress of investigations, promote cross-functional
collaboration, and seek to identify trends in alerts across the Company.
In determining the composition of an investigation team, the Company
considers the availability of suitably competent and independent
investigation resources. Accordingly, any individual who is potentially
conflicted by the Ethics & Compliance allegation is removed from the
investigation team to limit any actual or perceived conflict of interest. In
the case of alerts related to a member of the Company´s Board of
Directors, Executive Committee or a member of the E&C Risk,
Investigations, and Voluntary Disclosures team or the Ethics & Compliance
for HR and People Matters teams, the alert will be transferred to the
Company´s Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer, who has an independent
reporting line to the Company´s Board of Directors.
On a quarterly basis, the Company’s Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer
reports updates on key investigations to the ECSC of the Board of
Directors.
Anti-corruption and bribery training
Training remains an important lever of prevention which serves to drive an
ethical business culture. Training sessions are delivered both via virtual
and physical classrooms, which allows for the largest reach: company-

208

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

wide, as well as external stakeholders, including higher-risk third parties
such as sales intermediaries, lobbyists and special advisors.
In-depth training is delivered across a number of functions to employees
considered as highly exposed (see figures in the two tables below). These
include but are not limited to all of the Company’s Executives (including
members of the Executive Committee) as well as Senior Managers in
identified teams within specific functions (Sales, Strategy, Customer
Services, Finance, Procurement and Programmes), in addition to a number
of identified job profiles at lower grades such as Event Managers or Sales
Assistants.
Key figure

Percentage of functions-at-risk covered by training
programmes

Unit

2024

%

100%

In addition, members of the Company’s Board of Directors have been
upskilled on topics connected to anti-corruption and bribery, notably
through regular sessions (at least quarterly) taking place in the ECSC, a
permanent Board committee created in 2017, while ECSC activities are
consistently reported to the full Board of Directors (see ”– 6.1.1.2 GOV:
Governance”).

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.4 Governance Information

6
Anti-Corruption & Anti-Bribery Training Table
All Company employees
excluding shop floor/production job
profiles

Highly Exposed
(excl. Executives)

Executives

Number of in-scope employees

116 443(¹)

5893(²)

866(²)

Minimum required

4 e-learning items

4 hours
virtual or physical classroom
training, or e-learnings(⁴)

3 hours
virtual or physical classroom
training, or e-learnings(⁵)

Frequency of minimum requirement

Every year

Every 3 years

Every 3 years

Number of in-scope employees
trained in 2024(¹)

113 624

4866

719

Topics covered
(non-exhaustive)

- Fraud
- Bribery
- Code of Conduct

- Gifts & Hospitalities
- 3rd party Due Diligence
- Facilitation Payments
- Conflict of Interest
- Contractual credit
- Antitrust
- Competitor Information
- Personal Liability
- Speak up/Open Line etc.

- Gifts & Hospitalities
- 3rd party Due Diligence
- Facilitation Payments
- Conflict of Interest
- Contractual credit
- Antitrust
- Competitor Information
- Personal Liability
- Speak up/Open Line etc.

(³)

(1) as identified 31/12/2024
(2) as identified 01/01/2024; the list has evolved in the course of the year (resignations, retirements, long term sick leaves, maternity, leaves, etc.....)
(3) these 4 items are included into the mandatory ”Ethical Business” module (5 items total) which forms part of the Top Company Objectives learning curriculum
(4) 3 hours training every 3 years and 1 hour refresher the year after
(5) 2 hours training every 3 years and 1 hour refresher the year after

6.4.1.4 Incidents of corruption or bribery (G1-4)

6.4.1.5 	Management of relationships with
suppliers (G1-2)

Governance metrics
Bribery & Corruption

Unit

2024

Number of convictions for violation of anti-corruption
and anti- bribery laws

No.

0

Amount of fines for violation of anti-corruption and
anti- bribery laws

EUR

0

The Company aims to prevent any breaches by continuously improving its
anti-bribery and -corruption policies and their implementation, supported
by Company-wide yearly audits, internal investigations or other types of
verification or benchmarking. In 2024, the Company continued delivering
its Company-wide training programme, which is a regular ongoing yearly
activity.
Some additional actions were carried out and completed in 2024 including
raising awareness to employees of certain targeted regions on OpenLine
availability, the Gift and Hospitality method or the Sponsorship and
Donation method. It also updated, for training purposes, the list of highly
exposed populations in affiliates. All these actions contribute to reinforcing
a culture of integrity and speak-up, to preventing related risks and are
embedded in the Company’s usual operations.

The Company strives to make environmental and social responsibility a
core element of its procurement strategy. This includes managing the
relationships with suppliers through the different phases of the
procurement process: sourcing, strategy definition, supplier selection,
contract management and supplier monitoring and development. It also
includes ensuring timely payments to its suppliers, including small and
medium enterprises (SMEs), conditions of which are formalised in the
contracts between the Company and its suppliers (see ”– 6.4.1.6 Payment
practices (G1-6)” below).
The Company’s due diligence in its supply chain covers primarily the
Company’s suppliers (i.e. those with which the Company contracts supply
agreements, referred to as ”Tier-1”); nonetheless, if an alert is raised in
relation to a supplier in the upstream supply-chain, the Company will act
on it as deemed appropriate, see ”– 6.1.1.2.4 GOV-4: Statement on due
diligence” for detailed information. Sustainability due diligence notably
encompasses the following elements:
• Since 2018, the Procurement team has carried out annual proactive
sustainability inherent risk mapping.
• Before engaging with any supplier, the Company conducts due
diligence that covers enforcement, sanctions, adverse press and
politically exposed checks on a variety of topics such as corruption,
fraud, export control, human rights and environment.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

209

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.4 Governance Information

• As part of the selection process, suppliers are asked to complete a
sustainability questionnaire during the call-for-tender phase. This
questionnaire accounts for a minimum weight in the selection process.
• The Company also requires all suppliers engaging into a selection
process to commit to the Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC), which is
available on the Supplier portal and the Company’s website.
The Company’s procurement-related risks and opportunities are
embedded into the Company’s ERM process. Risks and opportunities
related to the deployment of the sustainability roadmap in the supply
chain are managed according to the Procurement ERM plan. The
Company also has procedures for its suppliers including SMEs facing
financial difficulties, designed to help with the liquidity of the supply chain.

6.4.1.6 Payment practices (G1-6)
The Company is committed to responsible business conduct. Timely
payments to its suppliers, including small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
are a priority. It is recognised that late payments can have an adverse
effect especially on SMEs. Adhering to mutually agreed payment
schedules and minimising delays support the financial health of the supply
chain. The Company offers shorter payment terms to those SMEs who
have adopted electronic invoicing.
The Company has processes in place to prevent late payments to all
suppliers, including SMEs. These processes include automated payment
tracking systems alerting when payment deadlines are approaching.

210

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

The Company’s payment terms are known and mutually agreed with all
suppliers. The payment terms are designed to cater for unique needs of
individual suppliers and ensure compliance with national laws and
regulations. Standard payment terms for suppliers are end of month +60
days, due the 10th day of the next calendar month (subject to applicable
law), while for the SMEs that have adopted electronic invoicing, the
payment is due on or before the 25th day of the month following the
month of the invoice. For SMEs without electronic invoicing the payment is
due on the 30th day of the month following the invoice.
See table below for metrics on payment practices.
Governance metrics
Payment practices

Unit

2024

Average number of days to pay invoice from date when
contractual or statutory term of payment starts to be
calculated

Days

62

Percentage of payments aligned with standard payment
terms

%

91

No.

0

Number of legal proceedings outstanding as of year
end for late payments

Scope: Company-wide
Assumptions: Payment practice KPIs are populated in a central reporting
tool which covers more than 90% of total Company’s spend making this
sample representative of the Company’s payment practices. The KPIs are
calculated based on the number of invoices.

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.4 Governance Information

6
6.4.2 Company-specific - Cybersecurity
6.4.2.1 Cybersecurity IROs
Building on the DMA process described under section ”– 6.1.1.4.1 IRO-1: Description of the processes to identify and assess material IROs”, the following
risk was identified for the entity-specific topic of cybersecurity:

ESRS

(sub-) topic

Impact, risk or
opportunity

Entityspecific

/

Risk

Description

Time horizon

/
There is a risk that the materialisation of a cybersecurity risk,
including intrusion in systems leading to data leakage, attacks
impacting the resilience of industrial systems and compromising
the development, use or operation of products and services,
could lead to severe damage, including but not limited to
significant financial loss, need for additional investment,
contractual or reputational performance degradation, loss of
intellectual property, loss of business data and information,
operational business degradation or disruptions, and product or
services malfunctions. This could negatively affect financial
performance and damage its reputation.

For further insights on Cybersecurity risks, see section ”– Risk Factors –
3.1.2 Business and operations-related risks - Business disruptions,
including by cyber, physical or hybrid threats, could adversely affect the
Company”.

6.4.2.2 Policies
Confidentiality, integrity and availability are known to define cybersecurity
objectives when thinking about systems risks. Corporate Security is
accountable for security risk management and is in charge of defining
cybersecurity risks taxonomy and managing the lifecycle in ERM, including
strategy, organisation, roadmap and initiatives at company-wide level.
There are no signs globally that the threats of cyber attack will decrease;
therefore, the Company maintains an advanced cybersecurity posture
and anticipates future threats. Specific focus is placed on:
• ensuring continued compliance to international, national, and industry
specific cybersecurity regulations;
• company resilience; ensuring prevention and recovery from cyber
skirmishes, and destructive ransomware attacks;
• extended enterprise and supply chain cybersecurity collaborations
The Company has undertaken a cybersecurity transformation since 2019
with the establishment of a federated model of digital security
encompassing accountable leaders in respective organisational structures
such as IT, engineering and operations. A dedicated team for security
governance was established, reporting to the Company Chief Security
Officer, responsible for the definition and audit of cybersecurity directives
and methods aligned to major industry standards such as ISO 27001 or
IEC62443.
Cybersecurity governance encompasses both Divisions and global
operations plus affiliates. The Company has initiated in 2021 the Group
Cyber Risk Review, which is reported quarterly to the Risk & Opportunity
Review Board (RORB). This initiative is ongoing and takes place every year.
In addition, the Company has established the Group Cyber Review Board,

Location in the value
chain

Own operations,
downstream

marking a step towards enhancing the Company’s cyber risk management
framework. This board is designed to be an enduring organisation,
indicating its long-term commitment to maintaining and improving digital
security across the Company. The Group Cyber Review Board, is
composed of the Chief Information Security Officers (CISOs) and Heads of
Digital Cyber Security from the three business segments. The Corporate
CISO chairs this group. The Board’s primary objective is to review and
discuss the Company’s digital security risk posture and agree on
collaborative, Company-wide mitigating actions. It is also responsible for
establishing the Company’s Cybersecurity strategy. The scope of the
Group Cyber Review Board is extensive, covering digital security risks
across all business segments of the Company, including Commercial
Aircraft, Airbus Helicopters, and Airbus Defence and Space. This
cross-divisional approach ensures that the board considers a wide range
of digital security risks affecting various parts of the organisation. The
Board’s responsibilities include overseeing IT and industrial assets.
The quarterly meetings of the Group Cyber Review Board are crucial for
maintaining an up-to-date understanding of the Company’s cyber risk
landscape. During these meetings, the Board members review current
risks, discuss potential vulnerabilities, and agree on necessary mitigating
actions. This collaborative approach allows for a more comprehensive and
effective response to cyber threats, leveraging the expertise and insights
of senior security leaders from different business segments.
The Company Board of Directors are regularly updated on cybersecurity
topics, with two dedicated sessions in 2024 and receipt of bi-annual
”Executive Reports” that cover all major achievements, challenges and
trends. The three CEOs of Airbus and the two Divisions are briefed on
security topics every two months.
Security being one of its five pillars, the Company has established a
comprehensive security policy, which outlines the Company’s core values,
mission, mid-term vision, and top-level initiatives related to security
matters, and is aimed at protecting the Company’s assets, products and
services, employees and key stakeholders. This policy serves as a single
top-level reference for all security-related activities within the Company,

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

211

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.4 Governance Information

including cybersecurity. Cybersecurity is acting on the four security
bodies of the Company: Digital, Industrial, Products & Services, and
People & Workplace.
The scope of the policy is extensive, applied Company-wide, including to
affiliates where the Company holds more than half of the voting rights or
the right to appoint the majority of the board directors, subject to the
shareholders’ agreement and the level of control in each relevant affiliate.
It encompasses the Company’s employees, contractors, visitors, and
others while on the Company´s sites or working under the Company’s
responsibility. This policy can be found on the Company’s intranet and is
available to all employees and external stakeholders, such as relevant
subcontractors, with an active intranet access.
The accountability for the policy is assigned to the Head of Corporate
Security, and the highest governance bodies involved are the Corporate
Security Council and the Digital Security Team (Cyber Security Validation
Body).
The Company’s Management System for the Company Security is aligned
with the ISO 27001 standard (Monitor, Identify & Report Company Asset
Vulnerabilities, Assess & Treat Company Asset Security Risk).
Implementation of the processes are monitored through various internal
audits (Maturity assessment, Process adherence audits, Quality audits)
but also external audits. The three lines of defence principles always
apply. First line (Process Review Meeting) occurs on a monthly basis.
Additionally, risk mitigation measures follow the principle of people,
process, and technology controls to reduce the likelihood and/or impact of
cyber incidents. Security processes are fixed through security governance
directives, business management processes (e.g. Vulnerability
Management and Risk Management), and operating models. Technical
security controls are implemented and measured in accordance with ISO
27001 and other industry standard information security management
standards. The Company implements a number of key technical security
controls in the reduction of cyber incident likelihood including the rollout of
endpoint protection and data loss prevention tools, the implementation of
multi-factor authentication, and the adoption of enterprise security
architecture approaches. To reduce impact from cyber events, it operates
in-house security operations centres covering both commercial and
national activities; plus a Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT)
analysing cybersecurity threat intelligence and rapidly investigating and
containing cybersecurity incidents.

212

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

6.4.2.3 Actions and resources
In terms of cybersecurity, risk management is the aggregation of continual
risk reporting, cybersecurity validation processes embedded within
security by design principles for projects, applications and infrastructures
– in addition to the implementation of digital security controls aligned to
the Company’s enterprise security architecture standards. A fully
industrialised framework and toolkit has been deployed to ensure the
standardised prescription, deployment and assessment of these controls
across the Company.
The Company currently has a three-year Cyber strategy in place, which
currently runs from 2023 to 2025. However, the Company continuously
updates it in accordance with the new threats and cyber risks posture.
This strategy is deployed through further actions, with some of the most
material ones described below.
For instance, the Company is currently developing the International
Security Operating Model (ISOM), a governance framework designed to
provide comprehensive guidance and support on security matters to its
global businesses and affiliates. The ISOM aims to support all international
and regional entities of the Company, including its affiliates. The model
has matured in 2024, with full implementation anticipated in 2025.
In addition, the Company has implemented a comprehensive and ongoing
phishing campaign to enhance cybersecurity awareness among its
employees. This initiative, sponsored and managed by Corporate Security,
involves a persistent and immersive phishing simulation designed to
educate employees on identifying and countering phishing attacks. Each
employee is subjected to multiple phishing challenges annually to ensure
continuous training and awareness. The scope of this action is extensive,
encompassing all employees across all business segments, home
countries, and regions. This is an ongoing and recurring campaign,
demonstrating that cybersecurity awareness remains a priority.
Employees who fail to respond appropriately to phishing emails are
required to attend an awareness session to improve their skills.
The Company has also continued its commitment to enhancing
cybersecurity competencies through the certified Airbus Cyber Security
Diploma and Master’s programmes. Launched in France in 2022, these
programmes aim to reinforce and future-proof existing cybersecurity
competency, in addition to building an appropriate pipeline for future skills
and needs to future-proof the Company’s cybersecurity capabilities. The
Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees, validated by the French National
Registry of Professional Certifications, comprise 660 hours and 870 hours
of coursework respectively.
Key figures

Unit

2024

Students registered in the Bachelor’s programme in 2024

No.

18

Students enrolled in the Master’s programme each year

No.

38

6. Non-Financial Information: Sustainability Statement
6.4 Governance Information

6
The initiative is geographically focused in France and targets students as
its primary stakeholders. The intake of students is an annual, recurring
event.

6.4.2.5 Metrics
Key figure - Cybersecurity

Unit

2024

The three-year Cyber strategy aims to enhance capability development,
improve protection measures, and reduce risks associated with cyber
attacks, with a target completion date set for 2025. The cybersecurity
strategy is an integral part of the Company’s broader security strategy and
is implemented across all business segments, home countries, and
regions.

Number of data breaches reported to data authorities

No.

0

6.4.2.4 Targets

he Company has defined an incident management process in line with
regulatory constraints; this ensures reporting any breach in due time (see
table above for figures - information was validated by ANSSI - Agence
Nationale de la Sécurité des Systèmes d’Information). Internal SOC
(Security Operation Centre) and a CERT (Computer Emergency Response
Team) are in charge of this process.

Top Functional Objectives are set on a yearly basis. However, for security
reasons, these targets are not publicly disclosed.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

213

7. Vigilance Plan

214

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

7. Vigilance Plan

7

Vigilance Plan
The Company’s vigilance plan includes measures to identify risks and help prevent
severe sustainability-related impacts resulting from the Company’s own operations and
from its suppliers and other contractors (including subcontractors).
For the Company’s engagement with stakeholders, see Section 6.1.1.3.2 ”Sustainability
Statement -SBM-2: Interests and views of stakeholders”, which shall be deemed to be
incorporated by reference and form part of this plan. For the Company’s plan for its
own operations, see the Sustainability Statement’s Sections 6.1.1.2.4 ”ESRS 2 -GOV-4:
Statement on due diligence”, 6.1.1.2.5 ”ESRS 2 -GOV-5: Risk management and internal
control over sustainability reporting”, 6.2.1 ”Policies”, 6.2.3.1 ”ESRS E2 - Pollution
-Pollution IROs”, 6.2.3.2 ”ESRS E2 - Pollution -Substances of Concern and of Very High
Concern”, 6.2.3.3 ”ESRS E2 - Pollution -Pollution of Air”, and 6.3.2 ”ESRS S1 - Own
Workforce”, which shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference and form part of
this plan.
For the Company’s plan for its supply chain, see Section 6.3.3 ”Sustainability
Statement -ESRS S2 - Workers in the value chain”, which shall be deemed to be
incorporated by reference and form part of this plan.

Airbus SE | Report of the Board of Directors 2024

215

Airbus SE
Mendelweg 30
2333 CS Leiden
The Netherlands

This report is printed on
Amadeus White Silk 300gsm
and Amadeus White Silk 150gsm.
Both are woodfree triple coated,
produced from locally sourced
FSC-certified pulp and
recycled materials.
Toppan Merrill, London
25-3154

Airbus Annual Report 2024

Financial
Statements
2024

Financial
Statements

This document is a PDF version of the 2024 annual financial statements of Airbus SE including the independent auditor’s report and has been
prepared for ease of use. The 2024 annual financial statements and the independent auditor’s report were made publicly available pursuant to
section 5:25c of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht), and were filed with Netherlands Authority for the Financial
Markets in European single electronic reporting format (‘the ESEF package’) and are available on the AFM’s website (https://www.afm.nl/en/
sector/registers/meldingenregisters/financiele-verslaggeving) as well as on Airbus SE’s website (https:// www.airbus.com/en/investors/
financial‑results‑annual‑reports).
In any case of discrepancies between this ‘PDF format’ and ‘the ESEF package’, the ESEF package prevails.

Contents
1 Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

3

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Income Statement

4

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

5

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

6

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

8

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

10

2 Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

13

2.1 Basis of Preparation

15

2.2 Airbus Structure

21

2.3 Segment Information

27

2.4 Airbus Performance

31

2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

36

2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

49

2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

62

2.8 Other Notes

82

2.9 Appendix “Simplified Airbus Structure”

84

3 Airbus SE IFRS Company Financial Statements

101

IFRS Company Income Statement

102

IFRS Company Statement of Comprehensive Income

102

IFRS Company Statement of Financial Position

103

IFRS Company Statement of Cash Flows

104

IFRS Company Statement of Changes in Equity

105

4 Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements

107

4.1 Basis of Preparation

109

4.2 Company Performance

111

4.3 Operational Assets and Liabilities

114

4.4 Employees

116

4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

117

4.6 Other Notes

129

5 Other Supplemental Information
5.1 Appropriation of Result

131
132

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

1

1. Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

1. Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

1

Airbus SE IFRS
Consolidated
Financial Statements
Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Income Statement
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

4

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

5

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

6

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

8

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

10

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

3

1. Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Income Statement
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

(In € million)

Note

2024

2023

Revenue

12

69,230

65,446

(58,555)

(55,402)

10,675

10,044

Cost of sales
Gross margin

12

Selling expenses

(877)

(867)

Administrative expenses

(1,744)

(1,654)

(3,250)

(3,257)

Research and development expenses

13

Other income

14

303

243

Other expenses

14

(197)

(209)

Share of profit from investments accounted for under the equity method

15

350

267

Other income from investments

15

Profit before financial result and income taxes

44

36

5,304

4,603

Interest income

16

802

728

Interest expense

16

(900)

(753)

Other financial result

16

219

191

Total financial result

16

121

166

Income taxes

17

(1,347)

(1,156)

4,078

3,613

4,232

3,789

(154)

(176)

Profit for the period
Attributable to
Equity owners of the parent (Net income)
Non-controlling interests
Earnings per share

€

€

Basic

18

5.36

4.80

Diluted

18

5.35

4.80

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS).

4

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

1. Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

1

for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

(In € million)

Note

Profit for the period

2024

2023

4,078

3,613

Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Re-measurement of the defined benefit pension plans

31

801

(29)

Income tax relating to re-measurement of the defined benefit pension plans

17

(136)

(240)

(129)

61

16

(8)

12

(20)

180

4

Change in fair value of financial assets
Income tax relating to change in fair value of financial assets

17

Share of change from investments accounted for under the equity method
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
Foreign currency translation differences for foreign operations
Change in fair value of cash flow hedges

37

(1,766)

3,298

Income tax relating to change in fair value of cash flow hedges

17

470

(904)

157

289

(1)

(3)

Change in fair value of financial assets
Income tax relating to change in fair value of financial assets

17

55

(1)

Other comprehensive income, net of tax

(341)

2,447

Total comprehensive income for the period

3,737

6,060

Equity owners of the parent

3,923

6,216

Non-controlling interests

(186)

(156)

Share of change from investments accounted for under the equity method

Attributable to:

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS).

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

5

1. Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

Note

2024

2023

Intangible assets

19

17,179

16,929

Property, plant and equipment

20

19,112

17,201

35

35

9

2,433

2,228

Other investments and other long-term financial assets

21

5,077

4,719

Non-current contract assets

22

61

26

Non-current other financial assets

25

697

922

Non-current other assets

26

2,650

1,854

Deferred tax assets

17

3,505

3,448

Non-current securities

36

9,032

7,508

59,781

54,870

(In € million)

Assets
Non-current assets

Investment property
Investments accounted for under the equity method

Total non-current assets

Current assets
Inventories

23

37,745

33,741

Trade receivables

22

5,293

4,725

Current portion of other long-term financial assets

21

897

795

Current contract assets

22

1,474

1,823

Current other financial assets

25

2,004

1,851

Current other assets

26

3,463

2,697

663

546

Current tax assets
Current securities

36

2,829

1,301

Cash and cash equivalents

36

15,003

16,469

69,371

63,948

Total current assets
Assets and disposal group of assets classified as held for sale
Total assets

6

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

8

61

53

129,213

118,871

1. Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

1
(In € million)

Note

2024

2023

793

791

Equity and liabilities
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Capital stock
Share premium

4,002

3,983

Retained earnings

18,687

15,616

Other components of equity

(3,286)

(2,305)

(590)

(390)

19,606

17,695

90

35

34

19,696

17,730

Non-current provisions

24

4,630

5,667

Long-term financing liabilities

36

10,355

10,202

Non-current contract liabilities

22

25,572

23,961

Non-current other financial liabilities

25

7,576

6,715

Non-current other liabilities

26

463

450

Deferred tax liabilities

17

271

361

Treasury shares
Total equity attributable to owners of the parent
Non-controlling interests
Total equity

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities

Non-current deferred income

27

35

Total non-current liabilities

48,894

47,391

Current liabilities
Current provisions

24

4,307

4,161

Short-term financing liabilities

36

3,924

3,389

Trade liabilities

22

13,791

14,323

Current contract liabilities

22

30,136

24,537

Current other financial liabilities

25

3,050

2,569

Current other liabilities

26

4,022

3,507

Current tax liabilities

593

740

Current deferred income

725

450

Total current liabilities

60,548

53,676

75

74

Total liabilities

109,517

101,141

Total equity and liabilities

129,213

118,871

Disposal group of liabilities classified as held for sale

8

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS).

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

7

1. Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
﻿

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

(In € million)

Note

2024

2023

4,232

3,789

(154)

(176)

Operating activities
Profit for the period attributable to equity owners of the parent (Net income)
Loss for the period attributable to non-controlling interests
Adjustments to reconcile profit for the period to cash provided by operating activities:
Interest income

16

(802)

(728)

Interest expense

16

900

753

681

690

Interest received
Interest paid
Income tax expense

17

Income tax paid
Depreciation and amortisation

11

Valuation adjustments
Results on disposals of non-current assets

(786)

(606)

1,347

1,156

(947)

(544)

2,853

2,242

(640)

(541)

70

64

Results of investments accounted for under the equity method

15

(350)

(267)

Change in current and non-current provisions

24

166

(114)

Contribution to plan assets

31

(505)

(668)

1,337

1,205

23, 36

(3,522)

(1,854)

Trade receivables

22

(105)

258

Contract assets and liabilities

36

7,135

2,277

Trade liabilities

22, 36

(1,182)

1,421

Other assets and liabilities

25, 26

(989)

(897)

7,402

6,255

Change in other operating assets and liabilities
Inventories

Cash provided by operating activities
Investing activities
Purchases of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, investment property

20

(3,669)

(3,051)

Proceeds from disposals of intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and investment property

20

98

75

Acquisitions of subsidiaries, joint ventures and businesses (net of cash)

8

(246)

(65)

Payments for investments accounted for under the equity method,
other investments and other long-term financial assets

(871)

(960)

Proceeds from disposals of investments accounted for under the equity method,
other investments and other long-term financial assets

530

509

Dividends paid by companies valued under the equity method

9

196

150

Disposals of non-current assets and disposal groups classified
as assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated

8

–

–

Payments for investments in securities

36

(4,460)

(2,700)

Proceeds from disposals of securities

36

1,769

1,914

(6,653)

(4,128)

Cash (used for) investing activities

8

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

1. Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

﻿

1
Note

2024

2023

Increase in financing liabilities

36

851

247

Repayment of financing liabilities

36

(1,283)

(52)

Cash distribution to Airbus SE shareholders

34

(2,215)

(1,421)

(1)

–

228

138

(In € million)

Financing activities

Dividends paid to non-controlling interests
Payments for liability for puttable instruments
Changes in capital and non-controlling interests

34

126

146

Change in treasury shares

34

(276)

(334)

(2,570)

(1,276)

Cash (used for) financing activities

358

(201)

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents

36

(1,463)

650

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

36

16,473

15,823

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

36

15,010

16,473

thereof presented as cash and cash equivalents

36

15,003

16,469

thereof presented as part of disposal groups classified as held for sale

8

7

4

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements (IFRS).

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

9

1. Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
﻿

Airbus SE – IFRS Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

Equity attributable to equity holders of the parent
Other components of equity
Cash
flow
hedges

Foreign
currency
translation
adjustments

Treasury
shares

Capital
stock

Share
premium

Retained
earnings

Financial
assets at
fair value

789

3,837

13,408

(635)

(5,688)

1,307

Profit for the period

–

–

3,789

–

–

Other comprehensive income

–

–

(284)

339

(In € million)

Note

Balance at 1 January 2023

Total comprehensive income
for the period

Total

Noncontrolling
interests

Total
equity

(68)

12,950

32

12,982

–

–

3,789

(176)

3,613

2,390

(18)

–

2,427

20

2,447

–

–

3,505

339

2,390

(18)

–

6,216

(156)

6,060

Capital increase

34

2

146

–

–

–

–

–

148

–

148

Share-based payment (IFRS 2)

32

–

–

168

–

–

–

–

168

–

168

Cash distribution to Airbus SE
shareholders/Dividends paid to
non-controlling interests

34

Equity transaction
Change in treasury shares

34

Balance at 31 December 2023

–

–

(1,421)

–

–

–

–

(1,421)

–

(1,421)

–

–

(44)

–

–

–

–

(44)

159

115

–

–

–

–

–

–

(322)

(322)

–

(322)

791

3,983

15,616

(296)

(3,298)

1,289

(390)

17,695

35

17,730

Profit for the period

–

–

4,232

–

–

–

–

4,232

(154)

4,078

Other comprehensive income

–

–

672

43

(1,255)

231

–

(309)

(32)

(341)

Total comprehensive income
for the period

–

–

4,904

43

(1,255)

231

–

3,923

(186)

3,737

Capital increase

34

2

19

–

–

–

–

–

21

–

21

Share-based payment (IFRS 2)

32

–

–

310

–

–

–

–

310

–

310

Cash distribution to Airbus SE
shareholders/Dividends paid to
non-controlling interests

34

Equity transaction
Change in treasury shares

34

Balance at 31 December 2024

10

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

–

–

(2,215)

–

–

–

–

(2,215)

–

(2,215)

–

–

72

–

–

–

–

72

241

313

–

–

–

–

–

–

(200)

(200)

–

(200)

793

4,002

18,687

(253)

(4,553)

1,520

(590) 19,606

90

19,696

1. Airbus SE IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

﻿

1

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

11

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

12

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

2

Notes to the
IFRS Consolidated
Financial Statements
2.1 Basis of Preparation

15

2.2 Airbus Structure

21

2.3 Segment Information

27

2.4 Airbus Performance

31

2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

36

2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

49

2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

62

2.8 Other Notes

82

2.9 Appendix “Simplified Airbus Structure”

84

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

13

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements

Contents

2.1 Basis of Preparation
1.	The Company
2.	Geopolitical and Macroeconomic Environment
3.	Climate Impacts
4.	Material Accounting Policies
5.	Key Estimates and Judgements
6.	Change in Accounting Policies and Disclosures

2.2 Airbus Structure
7.	Scope of Consolidation
8.	Acquisitions and Disposals
9.	Investments Accounted for under the Equity Method
10.	Related Party Transactions

2.3 Segment Information

15
15
15
16
18
20

21
21
21
23
26

27

11.	Segment Information

27

2.4 Airbus Performance

31

12.	Revenue and Gross Margin
13.	Research and Development Expenses
14.	Other Income and Other Expenses
15.	Share of Profit from Investments Accounted for
under the Equity Method and Other Income from Investments
16.	Total Financial Result
17.	Income Taxes
18.	Earnings per Share

2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities
19.	Intangible Assets
20.	Property, Plant and Equipment
21.	Other Investments and Other Long-Term Financial Assets
22.	Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities, Trade Receivables and Trade Liabilities
23.	Inventories
24.	Provisions, Contingent Assets and Contingent Liabilities
25.	Other Financial Assets and Other Financial Liabilities
26.	Other Assets and Other Liabilities
27.	Sales Financing Transactions

31
31
31
31
32
32
35

36
36
38
41
41
42
43
44
45
46

2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

49

28.	Number of Employees
29.	Personnel Expenses
30.	Personnel-Related Provisions
31.	Post-Employment Benefits
32.	Share-based Payment
33.	Remuneration

49
49
49
49
56
58

2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments
34.	Total Equity
35.	Capital Management
36.	Net Cash
37.	Financial Instruments

2.8 Other Notes
38.	Litigation and Claims
39.	Auditor Fees
40.	Events after the Reporting Date

2.9 Appendix “Simplified Airbus Structure”
14

15

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

62
62
63
63
68

82
82
83
83

84

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.1 Basis of Preparation

2.1 Basis of Preparation

2

1.	The Company
The accompanying IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements present the
financial position and the results of operations of Airbus SE (together with
its subsidiaries referred to as “the Company”), a European public limitedliability company (Societas Europaea) with its seat (statutaire zetel) in
Amsterdam, The Netherlands, its registered address at Mendelweg 30,
2333 CS Leiden, The Netherlands, and registered with the Dutch Commercial
Register (Handelsregister) under number 24288945. The Company’s

reportable segments are Airbus, Airbus Helicopters and Airbus Defence
and Space (see “– Note 11: Segment Information”). The Company is listed
on the European stock exchanges in Paris, Frankfurt am Main, Madrid,
Barcelona, Valencia and Bilbao. The IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
were authorised for issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on
19 February 2025.

2.	Geopolitical and Macroeconomic Environment
In view of the complex and fast changing environment, notably with
geopolitical uncertainties and specific supply chain challenges that have
materialised in the course of 2024, the Company has launched an improvement
programme in its commercial aircraft business. This programme has been
designed to focus on priorities, leveraging the core business activities to
drive operational efficiency. This is aimed at securing its industrial ramp up
without compromising on safety, quality and compliance.

The war in Ukraine has increased the Company’s exposure to supply chain
disruption risk given that part of the titanium used by the Company is sourced
from Russia, both directly and indirectly through the Company’s suppliers.
As a consequence, the Company implemented and is progressing well on the
de-risking plan to avoid any shortage in the supply chain. This has prevented
the Company from experiencing any production disruptions related to that
matter in 2024.

The A320 Family programme continues to ramp up towards a rate of 75
aircraft per month in 2027. The Company is now stabilising monthly A330
production at around rate 4. Specific supply chain challenges, notably with
Spirit AeroSystems, are currently putting pressure on the ramp up of the
A350 and the A220. On the A350, the Company continues to target rate 12
in 2028 and is adjusting the entry-into-service of the A350 freighter variant
which is now expected in the second half-year 2027. On the A220, the
Company continues to target a monthly production rate of 14 aircraft in 2026.

In 2024, with respect to Russia, the Company maintains strict controls to
comply with all applicable regulations and sanctions which could become
more stringent in 2025. The Representative Office in Moscow was closed in
2023, and Synertech, one of the Space Division’s two joint ventures in Russia,
was closed in the last quarter 2024. The Airbus Russia affiliate (Airbus RUS)
and the Space Division’s other joint venture in Russia, Energia Satellite
Technologies, are in the process of being closed.

3.	Climate Impacts
This section contains information incorporated by reference to address
CSRD requirements related to Disclosure Requirement “SBM-3: Material
impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and
business model”, paragraphs 48d, 48e, 48f.
Climate change may have a major impact on both the Company’s industrial
operations and its upstream and downstream value chain. To address these
impacts, the Company follows the recommendations of the Task Force on
Climate‐related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) and conducted an analysis
as required by the CSRD’s E1 to identify climate-related impacts, risks and
opportunities – both physical and transitional – and to develop a transition plan.
For more information, please refer to section 6.2.2.3 “Sustainability Statement
– Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate-related
impacts, risks and opportunities (ESRS 2 IRO-1) and Material impacts, risks
and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model
(ESRS 2 SBM-3)”.
As climate-related risks could negatively affect the Company’s financial
performance, management has taken them into account while preparing the
Consolidated Financial Statements as well as the Company’s Operative Plan.
In response, the Company has developed climate adaptation-related actions
and a transition plan of climate change mitigation actions. The plan is
structured into decarbonisation levers, which cover innovation in the
Company’s product and service portfolio, its own operations, and in the

Company’s value chain. For more information about the transition plan and
the decarbonisation levers, please refer to section 6.2.2.2 Transition plan
for climate change mitigation (E1-1), in the Sustainability Statement.
The transition plan outlines that a large part of the Company’s overall
research and development expenditures are spent on improving the
Company’s current product portfolio to stay competitive. This includes:
improvement in fuel and CO2 efficiency (beyond 50% SAF compatibility),
ensuring the performance of products under the future atmospheric
conditions, and investments in the development of breakthrough technologies
(e.g. hydrogen based systems, electric machines, energy storage and
distribution). In 2024, the Company invested a total of € 3,700 million
(including capitalised development costs, see “– Note 19: Intangible Assets)
for its overall Research and Development activities. The share attributable
to its transition plan according to EU taxonomy criteria is disclosed in
the Sustainability Statement 6.2.2.2 Transition plan for climate change
mitigation (E1-1).
Regarding carbon compensation schemes, in 2024 37% of Scope 1
greenhouse gas emissions (“GHG”) were offset through regulated
emission trading schemes. No voluntary carbon credits were purchased in
2024 because the Company evolved its contractual framework for carbon
offsets. This new framework will be implemented starting in 2025 and will
also be used to offset the residual emissions from 2024, in line with the
Company’s commitment. For more information, please refer to 6.2.2.9
GHG removals and carbon credits (E1-7) in the Sustainability Statement.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

15

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.1 Basis of Preparation

Regarding variable remuneration with a sustainability linked component, see
“– Note 33: Remuneration” and please refer to 6.1.1.2.3 GOV-3: Integration
of sustainability-related performance in incentive schemes, in the
Sustainability Statement.
In 2024 the Company invested € 33 million in companies and partnerships
(e.g. Hy24, Lanzajet, Australian Sustainable Aviation Fuel Partnership,
SAFFA fund) in order to foster the hydrogen and SAF ecosystem readiness
(see “– Note 21: Other Investments and Other Long-Term Financial Assets”).

The Company did not identify a need to change the assumption on the
useful life of its Property, Plant and Equipment as the largest share of the
assets will fully depreciate before 2050; physical acute and chronic risks
are expected to materialise only over the long-term time horizon (around
2050). For more information about physical risks, please refer to 6.2.2.3
Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate-related
impacts, risks and opportunities (ESRS 2 IRO-1) and Material impacts, risks
and opportunities and their interaction with strategy and business model
(ESRS 2 SBM-3), in the Sustainability Statement.

Capitalised development costs
The Company estimates that there is no impact on the useful life of capitalised
development costs as it believes that its latest generation commercial
aircraft programmes, which represent a majority of its capitalised development
costs, will play a pivotal role in achieving near term decarbonisation targets.
This will be supported by the fleet renewal with latest generation aircraft
which deliver significant CO2 emissions savings when compared to previous
generation aircraft. For more information about emissions savings please
refer to 6.2.2.5 Actions and resources (E1-3) in the Sustainability Statement.
The Company’s goal of obtaining certification for operating with up to
100% SAF for all current aircraft programmes before the end of the decade
will further substantiate their useful life.

The remaining portion of capitalised development costs relate to helicopter
programmes that in 2024 saw strong demand and are planned to be
capable of being operated with 100% SAF by 2030, satellite programmes
as well as technologies such as High‐Altitude Platform systems (“HAPS”).
A significant share of these products plays an important role in supporting
climate change monitoring and adaptation (e.g. earth observation satellites,
search and rescue and firefighting helicopters as well as wildlife or
environmental monitoring). For more information about the impairment
test, see “– Note 19. Intangible Assets”.

The Company’s order book is composed almost entirely of these more
fuel‐efficient aircraft. Net orders, strengthening the order book in 2024,
further demonstrate continuous demand for fuel efficient aircraft and their
role in supporting the sector’s decarbonisation ambitions.

4.	Material Accounting Policies
Basis of preparation — The Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements
are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(“IFRS”), issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”)
as endorsed by the European Union (“EU”) and Part 9 of Book 2 of the
Netherlands Civil Code. When reference is made to IFRS, this intends to
be EU-IFRS.
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared on a historical
cost basis, unless otherwise indicated. They are prepared and reported in
euro (“€”) and all values are rounded to the nearest million appropriately.
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to the totals
provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.
The Company describes the accounting policies applied in each of the
individual notes to the Financial Statements and avoids repeating the text
of the standard, unless this is considered relevant to the understanding of
the note’s content. The Company’s accounting policies and methods are
unchanged compared to 31 December 2023. The implementation of other
amended standards has no material impact on the Company’s Consolidated
Financial Statements as of 31 December 2024. The most material accounting
policies are described below.

16

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

Revenue recognition — Revenue is recognised when the Company transfers
control of the promised goods or services to the customer. The Company
measures revenue, for the consideration to which the Company is expected
to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services.
Variable considerations are included in the transaction price when it is
highly probable that there will be no significant reversal of the revenue in
the future. The Company identifies the various performance obligations
of the contract and allocates the transaction price to these performance
obligations. Advances and pre-delivery payments (contract liabilities) are
received in the normal course of business and are not considered to be a
significant financing component as they are intended to protect the Company
from the customer failing to complete its contractual obligations.
Revenue from the sale of commercial aircraft is recognised at a point in
time (i.e. at delivery of the aircraft). The Company estimates the amount
of price concession granted by the Company’s engine suppliers to their
customers as a reduction of both revenue and cost of sales.
An aircraft can remain in storage under a bill-and-hold arrangement. In such
cases, revenue is recognised when the requirements for the transfer of
control under a bill-and-hold arrangement are fulfilled.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.1 Basis of Preparation

2
Revenue from the sale of military aircraft, space systems and services
— When control of produced goods or rendered services is transferred
over time to the customer, revenue is recognised over time, i.e. under the
percentage of completion method (“PoC” method).
The Company transfers control over time when:
• it produces a good with no alternative use and the Company has an
irrevocable right to payment (including a reasonable margin) for the
work completed to date, in the event of contract termination at the
convenience of customers (e.g. Tiger contract); or
• it creates a good which is controlled by the customer as the good is
created or enhanced (e.g. Eurofighter contracts, some border security
contracts, A400M development); or
• the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits
provided by the Company (e.g. maintenance contracts).
For the application of the over time method (PoC method), the measurement
of progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is
based on inputs (i.e. cost incurred).
When none of the criteria stated above have been met, revenue is recognised
at a point in time. For instance, revenue is recognised at the delivery of
aircraft under IFRS 15 from the sale of military transport aircraft, from the
A400M launch contract and most of NH90 serial helicopters’ contracts.
Provisions for onerous contracts — The Company records provisions for
onerous contracts when it becomes probable that the total contract costs
will exceed total contract revenue. Before a provision for onerous contracts
is recorded, the related assets under construction are tested for impairment
and written-off if their net realisable value is below the book value. Onerous
contracts are identified by monitoring the progress of the contract together
with the underlying programme status. An estimate of the related contract
costs is made, which requires significant and complex assumptions,
judgements and estimates related to achieving certain performance
standards (see “– Note 5: Key Estimates and Judgements”, “– Note 12:
Revenue and Gross Margin” and “– Note 24: Provisions, Contingent
Assets and Contingent Liabilities”).
Research and development expenses — The costs for internally generated
research are expensed when incurred. The costs for internally generated
development are capitalised when:
• the product or process is technically feasible and clearly defined
(i.e. the critical design review is finalised);
• adequate resources are available to successfully complete
the development;
• the benefits from the assets are demonstrated (a market exists or the
internal usefulness is demonstrated) and the costs attributable to the
projects are reliably measured;
• the Company intends to produce and market or use the developed
product or process and can demonstrate its profitability.
Income tax credits granted for research and development activities are
deducted from corresponding expenses or from capitalised amounts
when earned.

Capitalised development costs, are recognised either as intangible assets
or, when the related development activities lead to the construction of
specialised tooling for production (“jigs and tools”), or involve the design,
construction and testing of prototypes and models, as property, plant and
equipment. Capitalised development costs are generally amortised over
the estimated number of units produced. If the number of units produced
cannot be estimated reliably, they are amortised over the estimated useful
life of the internally generated intangible asset (see “– Note 19: Intangible
Assets”). Amortisation of capitalised development costs is recognised in
cost of sales. In testing long-life assets such as jigs and tools and capitalised
development costs for impairment, the Company makes estimates on the
number and timing of aircraft units to be delivered in the future, the margin of
these aircraft, and the discount rate associated with the aircraft programme.
Inventories are measured at the lower of acquisition cost (generally the
average cost) or manufacturing cost and net realisable value. Manufacturing
costs comprise all costs that are directly attributable to the manufacturing
process, such as direct material and labour, and production related overheads
(based on normal operating capacity and normal consumption of material,
labour and other production costs), including depreciation charges. Net
realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of the
business less the estimated costs to complete the sale. For aircraft that may
need to be remarketed, the impairment of working progress and finished
aircraft is assessed based on an estimation of the future selling price and
associated remarketing costs.
Transactions in foreign currency, i.e. transactions in currencies other than
the functional currency of an entity of the Company, are translated into the
functional currency at the foreign exchange rate prevailing at the transaction
date. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at
the end of the reporting period are remeasured into the functional currency
at the exchange rate in effect at that date. Except when deferred in equity
as qualifying cash flow hedges (see “– Note 37: Financial Instruments”),
these foreign exchange remeasurement gains and losses are recognised,
in line with the underlying item:
• in profit before financial result and income taxes if the substance of the
transaction is commercial (including sales financing transactions); and
• in financial result for financial transactions.
Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies that
are stated at historical cost are translated into functional currency at the
foreign exchange rate in effect at the date of the transaction. Translation
differences on non‑monetary financial assets and liabilities that are measured
at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. However,
translation differences of non‑monetary financial assets measured at fair
value and classified as fair value through other comprehensive income
(“OCI”) are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”).
Hedge accounting — Most of the Company’s revenue is denominated in
US dollar (“US$”), while a major portion of its costs are incurred in euro.
The Company is significantly exposed to the risk of currency changes,
mainly resulting from US$/€ exchange rates. Furthermore, the Company is
exposed, though to a much lesser extent, to foreign exchange risk arising
from costs incurred in currencies other than the euro and to other market
risks such as interest rate risk, commodity price and equity price risk.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

17

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.1 Basis of Preparation

In order to manage and mitigate those risks, the Company enters into
derivative contracts. The Company applies hedge accounting to its derivative
contracts whenever the relevant IFRS criteria can be met. Hedge accounting
ensures that derivative gains or losses are recognised in profit or loss (mainly
in revenue) in the same period that the hedged items or transactions affect
profit or loss.
The major portion of the Company’s derivative contracts is accounted
for under the cash flow hedge model. The fair value hedge model is used
only for certain interest rate derivatives. Derivative contracts which do not
qualify for hedge accounting are accounted for at fair value through profit
or loss; any related gains or losses being recognised in financial result.
The Company’s hedging strategies and hedge accounting policies are
described in more detail in “– Note 37: Financial Instruments”.
Leases – The Company assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease,
at inception of the contract.
The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease
liability with respect to all lease arrangements in which it is the lessee, except
for short-term leases and leases of low value assets.

The Company recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date
of the lease, when the underlying asset is available for use. The right-of-use
assets comprise the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liability,
lease payments made at or before the commencement day, less any lease
incentives received and any initial direct costs. They are subsequently
measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease
payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted by
using the rate implicit in the lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined,
the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate.
The Company presents right-of-use assets within “Property, plant and
equipment” and lease liabilities within “Financing liabilities” and classifies
the principal portion of lease payments within financing activities and the
interest portion within operating activities.
When the Company is the lessor, assets under operating leases are also
included in “Property, plant and equipment”. Lease income from operating
leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease (see
“– Note 20: Property, Plant and Equipment” “– Note 36.3: Financing Liabilities”).

5.	Key Estimates and Judgements
The preparation of the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements
requires the use of estimates and assumptions. In preparing these Financial
Statements, management exercises its best judgement based upon its
experience and the circumstances prevailing at that time. The estimates and
assumptions are based on available information and conditions at the end
of the financial period presented and are reviewed on an ongoing basis.
Key estimates and judgements that have a significant influence on the
amounts recognised in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements
are mentioned below:
Revenue recognition for performance obligations transferred over
time — The PoC method is used to recognise revenue for performance
obligations transferred over time. This method places considerable
importance on accurate estimates at completion as well as on the extent
of progress towards completion. For the determination of the progress of
the performance obligations, significant estimates include total contract
costs, remaining costs to completion, total contract revenue, contract
risks and other judgements.
The Company and its customer may agree to modify the scope or price of
long-term contracts. Once the revised rights and obligations are agreed and
enforceable, the Company estimates the change in the transaction price.
The management of the segments continually review all estimates involved
in such performance obligations and adjusts them as necessary (see
“– Note 22: Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities, Trade Receivables
and Trade Liabilities”).

18

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

Provisions — The evaluation of provisions, such as onerous contracts,
program-related provisions and restructuring measures are based on best
estimates. Onerous contracts are identified by monitoring the progress of
the contract and the underlying programme performance. The associated
estimates of the relevant contract costs require significant judgement related
to performance achievements. Depending on the size and nature of the
Company’s contracts and related programmes, the extent of assumptions,
judgements and estimates in these monitoring processes differs. In particular,
the introduction of commercial or military aircraft programmes (e.g. A400M)
or major derivative aircraft programmes involves an increased level of
estimates and judgements associated with the expected development,
production and certification schedules and expected cost components
(see “– Note 24: Provisions, Contingent Assets and Contingent Liabilities”).
In view of overall commercial relationships, contract adjustments may occur,
and must be considered on a case-by-case basis.
Estimates and judgements are subject to change based on new information
as contracts and related programmes progress. Furthermore, the complex
design and manufacturing processes of the Company’s industry require
challenging integration and coordination along the supply chain including
an ongoing assessment of suppliers’ assertions which may additionally
impact the outcome of these monitoring processes.
A restructuring provision is recognised when the Company has developed a
detailed formal plan for the restructuring and has raised a valid expectation
in those affected that it will carry out the restructuring by starting to
implement the plan or announcing its main features to those affected by it.
The measurement of a restructuring provision is at the best estimate of
the anticipated costs and includes only the direct expenditures arising
from the restructuring, which are those amounts that are both necessarily
entailed by the restructuring and not associated with the ongoing
activities of the Company.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.1 Basis of Preparation

2
Financial instruments fair value measurement using Level 3 inputs —
The Company uses its judgement to select a valuation methodology and
make assumptions in order to determine the fair value of financial instruments
that are not traded in an active market and for which no inputs other than
quoted prices are observable. Valuation techniques (including Discounted
Cash Flow model) rely on market conditions available at the reporting period
together with estimates derived from the Company’s own data. Changes
in assumptions may result in a significant change in the reported fair value
measurement of these financial instruments (See “– Note 37.2: Carrying
Amounts and Fair Values of Financial Instruments”).
Non-current assets — Non-current other assets include payments to be
made to Airbus by suppliers after aircraft delivery and are recorded as a
reduction of cost of goods sold at the time of aircraft delivery. This valuation
involves the use of judgement and is based on the best available estimate
of the future aircraft operations, the pattern of future maintenance activity
and escalation of costs of long-term contractual arrangement with suppliers.
The impact of climate change is also considered when making these
estimates. These future payments are discounted to reflect specific
contractual terms and repayment profile. In making such estimates, Airbus
relies on both management experience and industry regulations, however,
these estimates can be subject to revision (see – “Note 26: Other Assets
and Other Liabilities”).
Hedge accounting — The hedge portfolio covers a large portion of the
Company’s highly probable forecasted transactions derived from its
commercial activities. The Company makes estimates and judgement in
assessing the highly probable criteria of the forecasted transactions, in
order to anticipate future events, as risk of future cancellations of orders
(see “– Note 37: Financial Instruments”).
Employee benefits — The Company accounts for pension and other
post-retirement benefits in accordance with actuarial valuations. These
valuations rely on statistical and other factors in order to anticipate future
events. The actuarial assumptions may differ materially from actual
developments mainly due to changing market and economic conditions
and therefore result in a significant change in post-retirement employee
benefit obligations and the related future expenses (see “– Note 31:
Post-Employment Benefits”).
Legal contingencies — The Company is party to litigations related to
a number of matters as described in “– Note 38: Litigation and Claims”.

The outcome of these matters may have a material effect on the financial
position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. Management
regularly analyses current information concerning these matters and provides
provisions for probable cash outflows, including the estimate of legal
expenses to resolve the matters. Internal and external lawyers are used for
these assessments. In making the decision regarding the need for provisions,
management considers the degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome
and the ability to make a sufficiently reliable estimate of the amount of loss.
The filing of a suit or formal assertion of a claim against the Airbus companies
or the disclosure of any such suit or assertion, does not automatically indicate
that a provision may be appropriate.
Income taxes — The Company operates and earns income in numerous
countries and is subject to changing tax laws in multiple jurisdictions within
these countries. Significant judgements are necessary in determining the
worldwide income tax liabilities. Although management believes that it has
made reasonable estimates about the final outcome of tax uncertainties,
no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will
be consistent with what is reflected in the historical income tax provisions.
At each end of the reporting period, the Company assesses whether
the realisation of future tax benefits is probable to recognise deferred tax
assets. This assessment requires the exercise of judgement on the part of
management with respect to, among other things, benefits that could be
realised from available tax strategies and future taxable income, as well as
other positive and negative factors.
The recorded amount of total deferred tax assets could be reduced, through
valuation allowances recognition, if estimates of projected future taxable
income and benefits from available tax strategies are lowered, or if changes
in current tax regulations are enacted that impose restrictions on the timing
or extent of the Company’s ability to utilise future tax benefits. The basis for
the recoverability test of deferred tax assets is the same as the Company’s
latest operative planning also taking into account certain qualitative aspects
regarding the nature of the temporary differences. Qualitative factors include
but are not limited to an entity’s history of planning accuracy, performance
records, business model, backlog, existence of long-term contracts as well
as the nature of temporary differences (see “– Note 17: Income Taxes”).
Other subjects that involve assumptions and estimates are further described
in the respective notes (see “– Note 8: Acquisitions and Disposals”,
“– Note 19: Intangible Assets” and “– Note 22: Contract Assets, Contract
Liabilities and Trade Receivables, and Trade Liabilities”).

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

19

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.1 Basis of Preparation

6.	Change in Accounting Policies and Disclosures
The accounting policies applied by the Company in preparation of its 2024
year-end Consolidated Financial Statements are the same as applied for
the previous year. Amendments, improvements to and interpretations of

standards effective from 1 January 2024 have no material impact on the
Consolidated Financial Statements except for the ones mentioned below.

New, Revised or Amended IFRSs Applied from 1 January 2024
Amendments to IAS 7: Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7: Financial Instruments: Disclosures – Supplier Finance Arrangements
These amendments clarify the characteristics of Supplier Finance
Arrangements and require disclosures to enhance the transparency on
these arrangements and their effects on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows
and exposure to liquidity risk. As a result, the Company has provided

additional disclosures about its Supplier Finance Arrangements (see
“– Note 22. Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities, Trade Receivables
and Trade Liabilities”).

New, Revised or Amended IFRSs Issued but not yet Applied
A number of new or revised standards, amendments and improvements to standards as well as interpretations are not yet effective for the year ended
31 December 2024 and have not been applied in preparing these Consolidated Financial Statements and early adoption is not planned:

Standards and related amendments

IASB effective date for
annual reporting periods
beginning on or after

Endorsement status

Amendments to IAS 21: The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates: Lack of Exchangeability

1 January 2025

Endorsed

Annual Improvements Volume 11

1 January 2026

Not yet endorsed

Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7: Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments

1 January 2026

Not yet endorsed

Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7: Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity

1 January 2026

Not yet endorsed

IFRS 18: Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

1 January 2027

Not yet endorsed

IFRS 19: Subsidiaries without Public Accountability : Disclosures

1 January 2027

Not yet endorsed

20

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.2 Airbus Structure

2.2 Airbus Structure

2

7.	Scope of Consolidation
Consolidation — The Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements
include the Financial Statements of Airbus SE and all material subsidiaries
controlled by the Company. The Company’s subsidiaries prepare their
Financial Statements at the same reporting date as the Company’s
Consolidated Financial Statements (see “– 2.9 Appendix “Simplified
Airbus Structure” chart”).
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company including so-called
structured entities, which are created to accomplish a narrow and well-defined
objective. They are fully consolidated from the date control commences to
the date control ceases.
The assessment of control of a structured entity is performed in three steps.
In a first step, the Company identifies the relevant activities of the structured
entities (which may include managing lease receivables, managing the sale

or re-lease at the end of the lease and managing the sale or re-lease on
default) and in a second step, the Company assesses which activity is
expected to have the most significant impact on the structured entities’
return. Finally, the Company determines which party or parties control
this activity.
The Company’s interests in equity-accounted investees comprise
investments in associates and joint ventures. Such investments are
accounted for under the equity method and are initially recognised at cost.
The Financial Statements of the Company’s investments in associates and
joint ventures are generally prepared for the same reporting period as for
the parent company. Adjustments are made where necessary to bring the
accounting policies and accounting periods in line with those of the Company.

PERIMETER OF CONSOLIDATION
31 December
(Number of companies)

2024

2023

Fully consolidated entities

183

175

in joint ventures

59

63

in associates

22

21

264

259

Investments accounted for under the equity method

Total

8.	Acquisitions and Disposals
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method,
as at the acquisition date, which is the date on which control is transferred
to the Company.
The determination of the fair value of the acquired assets and the assumed
liabilities which are the basis for the measurement of goodwill requires key
estimates. Land, buildings and equipment are usually independently appraised
while marketable securities are valued at market prices. If intangible assets
are identified, depending on the type of intangible asset and the complexity
of determining its fair value, the Company either consults with an independent
external valuation expert or develops the fair value internally, using appropriate
valuation techniques which are generally based on a forecast of the total
expected future net cash flows.
These evaluations are linked closely to the assumptions made by
management regarding the future performance of the assets concerned
and the discount rate applied.

Loss of control, loss of joint control, loss of significant influence — Upon
loss of control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities related to the subsidiary
and the carrying amount of the subsidiary’s non-controlling interest are
derecognised. Any gain or loss arising from the loss of control is recognised
within other income or other expenses in the Consolidated Income
Statement. If the Company retains any interest in the previous subsidiary,
such interest is measured at fair value at the date the control is lost. Any
gain or loss arising from the disposal of investment accounted for under
the equity method is recognised within share of profit from investments.
Assets and liabilities of a material subsidiary for which a loss of control is
highly probable and the Company has received sufficient evidence that
the loss of control will occur in the 12 months after the classification are
classified as assets and liabilities held for sale. These assets and liabilities
are presented after elimination of intercompany transactions.
When the loss of significant influence or the loss of joint control of an
investment accounted for under the equity method is highly probable and
is expected to occur in the coming 12 months, this associate or joint venture
is classified as an asset held for sale.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

21

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.2 Airbus Structure

8.1

Acquisitions

On 16 January 2024, Airbus U.S. Space & Defense, Inc. acquired from
Eutelsat OneWeb its 50% share of the Airbus OneWeb Satellites (“AOS”)
joint venture, obtaining control and making Airbus U.S. Space & Defense
the 100% owner of AOS and the satellite manufacturing facility in Merritt
Island, Florida. The Airbus OneWeb Satellites joint venture, established in
2016, built more than 600 satellites for the OneWeb first generation
constellation, currently operating on‑orbit and qualifies as a business as
defined in IFRS 3. The consideration transferred includes cash payment to
Eutelsat OneWeb at the acquisition date, the remeasurement of the 50%
previously held equity interest in AOS at fair value and the settlement of
pre-existing relationships. A gain of € 51 million related to the step-up of
the previously 50% held equity interest at fair value was recognised as of
31 March 2024. Following the finalization of the purchase price allocation,
definitive goodwill was recognised in an amount of € 83 million reflecting
the expected future synergies from combining the space operations of
AOS with Airbus Defence and Space. The one‑year window period for the
completion of the purchase price allocation ended in January 2025.
On 15 January 2024, Airbus Helicopters announced having finalised the
agreement to acquire Aerovel, the Flexrotor maker, a small tactical unmanned
aerial system (“UAS”) designed for intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition
and reconnaissance (“ISTAR”) missions over land and sea. Aerovel, based
in Bingen (Washington D.C.), will remain a US-owned company and will work
with Airbus US Space and Defense, Inc., a Special Security Agreement
(“SSA”) company, which will manage any US Department of Defense (“DoD”)
business as a prime contractor. The acquisition was completed on 30 April
2024, after all the requirements precedent such as regulatory approvals and
customary closing conditions were met. The total consideration includes a
fixed portion paid plus an earn-out clause with expected future payments
over 2024 through 2028 based on performance conditions. A preliminary
goodwill of € 123 million was recognised as of 30 June 2024, it represents
the expected future synergies and business opportunities. The one‑year
window period for the completion of the purchase price allocation will end
in April 2025.

On 4 September 2024, Airbus Defence and Space finalised the acquisition
of Infodas, a German company that provides cybersecurity and IT solutions
in the public sector including for defence and critical infrastructures, and
which is now becoming an Airbus subsidiary. This follows receipt of the
required regulatory approvals. This acquisition supports Airbus’ strategic
ambition to strengthen its cybersecurity portfolio for the benefit of its
European and global customers. With the exponential growth of cyber
threats, along with the increasing digitalisation and connectivity of defence
and aerospace products and systems, cybersecurity is an important
component of Airbus’ development. A preliminary goodwill of € 76 million
was recognised as of 31 December 2024, reflecting the expected future
synergies and business opportunities. The one-year window period for the
completion of the purchase price allocation will end in September 2025.
As of 31 December 2024, these acquisitions led to the recognition of
€ 106 million of net assets acquired measured at fair value at acquisition
date and a total consideration transferred (net of cash) amounting to
€ 370 million (2023: € 65 million).
On 30 June 2024, the Company entered into a binding term sheet agreement
with Spirit AeroSystems in relation to a potential acquisition of major activities
related to Airbus, notably the production of A350 fuselage sections in
Kinston, North Carolina, U.S., and St. Nazaire, France; of the A220’s wings
and mid-fuselage in Belfast, Northern Ireland, and Casablanca, Morocco;
as well as of the A220 pylons in Wichita, Kansas, U.S. With this agreement,
the Company aims to ensure stability of supply for its commercial aircraft
programmes through a more sustainable way forward, both operationally
and financially, for the various Airbus work packages that Spirit AeroSystems
is responsible for today. The Company will be compensated by payment
of US$ 559 million from Spirit AeroSystems, for a nominal consideration of
US$ 1.00, subject to adjustments including based on the final transaction
perimeter. Entering into definitive agreements remains subject to an ongoing
due diligence process. As of 31 December 2024, no impact has been
accounted for in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

8.2	Assets and Disposal Groups Classified as Held for Sale
As of 31 December 2024, the Company continues intending to divest one
of its subsidiaries. The assets and liabilities relating to this disposal are

22

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

classified as held for sale for a net amount of € -14 million as of 31 December
2024. The transaction is expected to be closed in 2025.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.2 Airbus Structure

2
9.	Investments Accounted for under the Equity Method
31 December
(In € million)

2024

2023

Investments in joint ventures

1,979

1,830

Investments in associates

454

398

2,433

2,228

Total

Investments accounted for under the equity method increased by € +205 million to € 2,433 million (2023: € 2,228 million). They mainly include the
equity investments in ArianeGroup, MBDA and ATR GIE.

9.1

Investments in Joint Ventures

The joint ventures in which the Company holds an interest are structured
in separate incorporated companies. Under joint arrangement agreements,
unanimous consent is required from all parties to the agreement for all

relevant activities. The Company and its partners have rights to the net
assets of these entities through the terms of the contractual agreements.

The Company’s interest in its joint ventures, accounted for under the equity method, is stated in aggregate in the following table:
(In € million)

2024

2023

Carrying amount of the investments at 1 January

1,830

1,686

–

109

Share of results from continuing operations

293

211

Share of other comprehensive income

43

(15)

Dividends received during the year

New joint ventures

(168)

(136)

Capital increase (decrease)

9

(17)

Changes in consolidation

(19)

–

Others

(9)

(8)

1,979

1,830

Carrying amount of the investments at 31 December

The Company’s individually material joint ventures are ArianeGroup, Paris
(France), MBDA S.A.S., Paris (France), and ATR GIE, Blagnac (France), as
parent companies of their respective groups. These joint venture companies
are not publicly listed.
ArianeGroup is a 50% joint venture between the Company and Safran.
ArianeGroup inherits a rich portfolio of products and services, enabling it to
deliver innovative and competitive solutions to numerous customers around
the world. On 9 July 2024, the European Space Agency (“ESA”) successfully
launched the Ariane 6 inaugural flight from Europe’s Spaceport in Kourou,
French Guiana. ArianeGroup, Arianespace and their partners are now
preparing for the launcher’s second flight which is planned in the first three
months of 2025.

The Company holds a 37.5% stake in MBDA which is a joint venture between
the Company, BAE Systems and Leonardo. MBDA offers missile systems
capabilities that cover the whole range of solutions for air dominance,
ground-based air defence and maritime superiority, as well as advanced
technological solutions for battlefield engagement.
ATR GIE manufactures advanced turboprop aircraft. It is a 50% joint
venture between Leonardo and the Company. Both Leonardo and the
Company provide airframes which are assembled by ATR GIE in France.
The members of ATR GIE are legally entitled exclusively to the benefits
and are liable for the commitments of the joint venture. ATR GIE is obliged
to transfer its cash to each member of the joint venture.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

23

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.2 Airbus Structure

The following table summarises financial information for ArianeGroup, MBDA and ATR GIE based on their Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in
accordance with IFRS:
ArianeGroup

MBDA

ATR GIE

(In € million)

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

Revenue

2,475

2,298

4,913

4,451

1,101

1,033

Depreciation and amortisation

(143)

(122)

(193)

(192)

(7)

(41)

Interest income

35

39

266

168

–

–

Interest expense

(13)

(16)

(31)

(13)

–

–

Income tax

(14)

4

(183)

(146)

(4)

(9)

Profit (loss) from continuing operations

3

(32)

588

498

(23)

24

Other comprehensive income

1

7

46

(49)

–

–

Total comprehensive income (100%)

4

(26)

634

449

(23)

24

Non-current assets

6,055

6,110

3,621

3,022

197

244

Current assets

7,153

7,362

12,766

10,111

742

719

1,523

1,219

6,125

4,740

30

9

1,289

1,116

88

166

84

95

thereof cash and cash equivalents
Non-current liabilities
thereof non-current financial liabilities
(excluding trade and other payables and provisions)
Current liabilities
thereof current financial liabilities
(excluding trade and other payables and provisions)

324

334

7

17

–

–

7,715

8,155

14,434

11,330

670

686

76

85

741

749

–

–

Total equity (100%)

4,205

4,201

1,865

1,637

185

182

Equity attributable to the equity owners of the parent

4,220

4,217

1,865

1,637

185

182

(15)

(16)

–

–

–

–

Non-controlling interests

ArianeGroup

MBDA

ATR GIE

(In € million)

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

The Company’s interest in equity on investee

2,109

2,108

699

614

93

91

244

244

282

282

–

–

(1,728)

(1,718)

–

–

–

–

Contingent liability release adjustment

(36)

(36)

–

–

–

–

Fair value adjustments and modifications for differences in
accounting policies

(81)

(87)

(8)

(8)

–

–

2

2

–

–

–

–

Goodwill
PPA adjustments, net of tax

Elimination of downstream inventory
Other
Carrying amount of the investment at 31 December

24

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

–

–

–

–

–

–

510

513

973

888

93

91

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.2 Airbus Structure

2
The development of these investments is as follows:
ArianeGroup

MBDA

ATR GIE

(In € million)

2024

2023

2024

2023

2024

2023

Carrying amount of the investment at 1 January

513

523

888

847

91

93

Share of results from continuing operations

(3)

(13)

221

186

(12)

12

Share of other comprehensive income

–

3

17

(20)

24

(2)

Dividends received during the year

–

–

(153)

(125)

–

–

Capital increase (decrease)

–

–

–

–

–

(16)

Changes in consolidation

–

–

–

–

–

–

Others
Carrying amount of the investment at 31 December

–

–

–

–

(10)

4

510

513

973

888

93

91

The Company’s share of contingent liabilities and other commitments as of 31 December 2024 relating to MBDA is € 525 million (2023: € 438 million).

9.2 Investments in Associates
The Company’s interests in associates, accounted for under the equity method, are stated in aggregate in the following table:
(In € million)

2024

2023

Carrying amount of the investment at 1 January

398

381

New associates

17

–

Share of results from continuing operations

57

56

Share of other comprehensive income

24

(4)

Dividends received during the year

(28)

(15)

Capital increase (decrease)

–

(23)

Changes in consolidation

–

–

Others

(14)

3

Carrying amount of the investment at 31 December

454

398

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

25

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.2 Airbus Structure

10.	Related Party Transactions
Sales of
Purchases of
goods and
goods and
services and
services and
other income other expenses

(In € million)

Receivables at
31 December

Loans granted/
Other Loans received/
receivables Other liabilities
Liabilities at
due at
due at
31 December
31 December
31 December

2024
Total transactions with associates

183

172

16

37

69

–

Total transactions with joint ventures

3,023

360

1,172

1,672

–

2,840

2023
Total transactions with associates

354

174

4

35

81

–

Total transactions with joint ventures

2,868

319

1,249

1,563

–

2,143

Transactions with unconsolidated subsidiaries are immaterial to the Company’s
Consolidated Financial Statements.

For information regarding the funding of the Company’s pension plans, which
are considered as related parties, see “– Note 31: Post-Employment Benefits”.

As of 31 December 2024, the Company granted guarantees of € 104 million
to NHI Industries in France (2023: € 104 million).

The information relative to compensation and benefits granted to Members
of the Executive Committee and Board of Directors are disclosed in “–
Note 33: Remuneration”.

26

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.3 Segment Information

2.3 Segment Information
The Company operates in three reportable segments which reflect the
internal organisational and management structure according to the nature
of the products and services provided.
Airbus — Development, manufacturing, marketing and sale of commercial
jet passenger aircraft of more than 100 seats, freighter aircraft and regional
turboprop aircraft and aircraft components; aircraft conversion and related
services. It also includes the holding function of the Company and its
bank activities.

2
Airbus Defence and Space — Air Power design, development, delivery and
support of manned and unmanned military air systems and their associated
services. Space Systems design, development, delivery, and support of a
broad range of civil and defence space systems for telecommunications,
earth observations, navigation, science and orbital systems. Connected
Intelligence provision of services around data processing from platforms,
secure communication and cyber security. In addition, the main joint
ventures design, develop, deliver, and support missile systems and space
launcher systems.

Airbus Helicopters — Development, manufacturing, marketing and sale
of civil and military helicopters; helicopter related services.

11.	Segment Information
The following tables present information with respect to the Company’s
business segments. As a rule, inter-segment transfers are carried out on an
arm’s length basis. Inter-segment sales predominantly take place between

Airbus and Airbus Defence and Space and between Airbus Helicopters and
Airbus. Consolidation effects are reported in the column “Eliminations”.
The Company uses EBIT as a key indicator of its economic performance.

Business segment information for the year ended 31 December 2024 is as follows:

(In € million)

Total revenue

Airbus

Airbus
Helicopters

Airbus
Defence
and Space

Eliminations

Consolidated
Airbus

50,646

7,941

12,082

–

70,669

Inter-segment revenue

(1,007)

(345)

(87)

–

(1,439)

Revenue

49,639

7,596

11,995

–

69,230

44,630

3,452

3,866

–

51,948

2

648

4,113

–

4,763

5,007

3,496

4,016

–

12,519

5,133

818

(656)

9

5,304

depreciation and amortisation

(1,640)

(215)

(998)

–

(2,853)

research and development expenses

(2,676)

(338)

(276)

40

(3,250)

thereof
sales of goods at a point in time
sales of goods over time
services, including sales of spare parts
Profit before financial result and income taxes (EBIT)
thereof

share of profit from investments accounted for under the equity method
additions to other provisions(1)

65

5

280

–

350

(807)

(586)

(1,708)

10

(3,091)
(98)

Interest result

219

Other financial result
Income taxes

(1,347)

Profit for the period

4,078

(1)

See “– Note 24: Provisions, Contingent Assets and Contingent Liabilities”.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

27

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.3 Segment Information

Business segment information for the year ended 31 December 2023 is as follows:
Airbus
Defence
and Space

Eliminations

Consolidated
Airbus

(In € million)

Airbus

Airbus
Helicopters

Total revenue

47,763

7,337

11,495

–

66,595

(787)

(300)

(62)

–

(1,149)

46,976

7,037

11,433

–

65,446

42,756

3,226

3,530

–

49,512

–

536

4,048

–

4,584

4,220

3,275

3,855

–

11,350

3,610

717

220

56

4,603

Inter-segment revenue
Revenue
thereof
sales of goods at a point in time
sales of goods over time
services, including sales of spare parts
Profit before financial result and income taxes (EBIT)
thereof
depreciation and amortisation

(1,597)

(192)

(453)

–

(2,242)

research and development expenses

(2,698)

(335)

(275)

51

(3,257)

17

4

245

1

267

(1,076)

(479)

(1,181)

3

(2,733)

share of profit from investments accounted for under the equity method
additions to other provisions
Interest result

(25)

Other financial result

191

Income taxes

(1,156)

Profit for the period

3,613

• Airbus EBIT increased by € +1,523 million to € 5,133 million (2023:
€ 3,610 million) mainly reflecting higher aircraft deliveries of 766 aircraft
(2023: 735 aircraft) and a positive foreign exchange impact year-onyear (largely related to last year’s € -1.1 billion US dollar Working Capital
mismatch impact due to the phasing impact arising from the difference
between transaction date and delivery date).
• Airbus Helicopters EBIT increased by € +101 million to € 818 million
(2023: € 717 million) mainly reflecting higher deliveries, a solid
performance across programmes and services growth.
• Airbus Defence & Space EBIT decreased by € -876 million to
€ -656 million (2023: € 220 million).
In 2024, the Space Systems management team performed the extensive
technical and business reviews of its critical programmes and updated
its assessment of key assumptions and estimates related to the remaining
revenue and costs for contracts with performance obligations satisfied
over time (see “– Note 5: Key Estimates and Judgements”). As of 30 June
2024, the Company recorded a charge amounting to € -1.0 billion. In the
last quarter 2024, and as planned, the Company completed the
in-depth technical review of its Space programmes, notably with a major
programme that remained to be fully assessed. This resulted in a charge
of € -0.3 billion leading to a total charge of € -1.3 billion in 2024 (2023:

28

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

€ -0.6 billion). This charge is mainly related to updated assumptions on
schedules, workload, sourcing, risks and costs over the lifetime of certain
telecommunications, navigation and observation programmes and
reflects the current best view of estimates at completion.
In 2024, the Company delivered seven A400M aircraft including the first
for Kazakhstan, an export customer and ninth country to operate the
aircraft. Seventeen retrofitted aircraft handed over to the customer. Major
achievement has been reached with the launching customers by signing
the contract amendment that includes additional capabilities and closes
the development path for the remaining ones, including the achievement
of the intermediate Standard Operating Capability (“SOC”) 2.8. In 2023,
an update of the contract estimate at completion was performed and a
net charge of € 41 million recorded. In 2024 an additional update of the
contract estimate at completion was performed and a net charge of
€ 121 million recorded, reflecting mainly updated assumptions regarding
the new contract amendment with the Launch Nations and OCCAR
(“Organisation for Joint Armament Co-operation”) and risk in production
plan. In light of uncertainties surrounding the level of aircraft orders, the
company continues to assess the potential impact on the programme’s
manufacturing activities. Risks on the qualification of technical capabilities
and associated costs remain stable with no major variation compared
to 2023.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.3 Segment Information

2
Segment capital expenditure
31 December
(In € million)

2024

2023

Airbus

2,737

2,053

Airbus Helicopters

269

221

Airbus Defence and Space

663

777

Eliminations
Total capital expenditure(1)
(1)

–

–

3,669

3,051

Excluding expenditure for leased assets.

Segment assets
31 December
2024

(In € million)

2023

Airbus

76,641

70,116

Airbus Helicopters

13,733

12,531

Airbus Defence and Space

22,582

20,952

Eliminations

(14,836)

(14,053)

Total segment assets

98,120

89,546

4,168

3,994

Unallocated
Deferred and current tax assets
Securities

11,861

8,809

Cash and cash equivalents

15,003

16,469

61

53

129,213

118,871

Assets classified as held for sale
Total assets

Revenue by geographical areas is disclosed in “– Note 12: Revenue and Gross Margin”. Property, plant and equipment by geographical areas is disclosed
in “– Note 20: Property, Plant and Equipment”.

Segment order backlog
31 December
2024

2023

(In € million)

(in %)

(In € million)

(in %)

558,925

89

490,812

89

Airbus Helicopters

24,064

4

21,525

4

Airbus Defence and Space

46,803

7

42,195

8

(875)

–

(639)

–

628,917

100

553,893

100

Airbus

Eliminations
Total

As of 31 December 2024, the total backlog represents the aggregate amount
of the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied and partially unsatisfied
performance obligations to the Company’s customers. Backlog commitments
are relative to the Company’s enforceable contracts with its customers
where it is probable that the consideration will be collected. As a result,
contractual rebates, engines concessions, and variable considerations are

taken into consideration for measurement. Contracts stipulated in a
currency different than the presentation currency are translated to euro
using the spot rate as of 31 December 2024 and 2023 respectively.
Adjustments to the value of the backlog could result from changes in the
transaction price.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

29

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.3 Segment Information

Segment order backlog
31 December
2024

2023

Opening order backlog of the period

553,893

449,241

Net order intake

103,509

186,493

Revenues

(69,230)

(65,446)

(In € million)

Others

40,745

(16,397)

Total

628,917

553,893

(1)

(1)

Others are mainly reflecting adjustments related to FX revaluation, assessment of the recoverability and price adjustments.

Order backlog valued at € 629 billion at the end of 2024 (2023: € 554 billion)
with a net order intake amounting to € 103.5 billion (2023: € 186.5 billion),
a revenues to € 69.2 billion (2023: € 65.4 billion) and adjustments mainly
reflecting foreign exchange revaluation to € 40.7 billion (2023: € -16.4 billion).
The increase mainly reflects a book to bill above one and the strengthening
of the US dollar.
In Airbus, total gross commercial aircraft orders amount to 878 units
(2023: 2,319 units) with net orders of 826 aircraft after cancellations
(2023: 2,094 aircraft) and total deliveries amount to 766 units (2023: 735
units) as of 31 December 2024.

30

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

The backlog will mainly be released into revenue over a period of eight
years with approximately 9% of the Airbus backlog in units expected to be
converted into revenues in 2025.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.4 Airbus Performance

2.4 Airbus Performance

2

12.	Revenue and Gross Margin
Revenue increased by € +3,784 million to € 69,230 million (2023:
€ 65,446 million). The increase is mainly driven by higher aircraft deliveries
of 766 aircraft (2023: 735 aircraft), paired with strong revenue growth in

Air Power business and a solid performance in Airbus Helicopters services
as well as higher deliveries.

Revenue by geographical areas based on the location of the customer is as follows:
2024

2023

27,804

25,733

Asia-Pacific

17,769

18,733

North America

16,430

13,784

Middle East

3,101

3,933

(In € million)

Europe

Latin America

1,723

1,737

Other countries

2,403

1,526

Total

69,230

65,446

The gross margin increased by € +631 million to € 10,675 million compared
to € 10,044 million in 2023. It is mainly due to higher volume in Commercial
aircraft, a positive foreign exchange impact year on year and a solid
performance in Airbus Helicopters paired with higher deliveries. This is

partly offset by the charge related to the estimates at completion (“EAC”)
update of certain Space programmes.
The gross margin rate remained stable at 15.4%.

13.	Research and Development Expenses
Research and development expenses remained stable at € 3,250 million
compared to € 3,257 million in 2023.

Research and development expenses mainly reflect the development of
latest generation commercial aircraft programmes, including the A321XLR,
A350 Freighter and activities to prepare technologies of the future.

14.	Other Income and Other Expenses
Other income increased by € +60 million to € 303 million compared to
€ 243 million in 2023. This includes a gain related to the step-up of the
previously held equity interest at fair value in Airbus OneWeb Satellites.

Other expenses remained stable at € -197 million compared to
€ -209 million in 2023.

15.	Share of Profit from Investments Accounted for under the Equity Method
and Other Income from Investments
(In € million)

2024

2023

Share of profit from investments in joint ventures

293

211

Share of profit from investments in associates

57

56

Share of profit from investments accounted for under the equity method

350

267

Other income from investments

44

36

Share of profit from investments under the equity method and other
income from investments increased by € +91 million to € 394 million

compared to € 303 million in 2023, mainly linked to higher share of result from
the Company’s joint ventures (see “Note 9.1 – Investments in Joint Ventures”).

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

31

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.4 Airbus Performance

16.	Total Financial Result
Interest income derived from the Company’s asset management and lending activities is recognised as interest accrues, using the effective interest
rate method.
(In € million)

2024

2023

Interest income

802

728

Interest expense

(900)

(753)

(172)

(120)

Total interest result

(98)

(25)

Change in fair value measurement of financial instruments

(190)

39

Foreign exchange translations on monetary items

272

37

thereof Interests on European Governments’ refundable advances

1

(3)

Others

136

118

Total other financial result

219

191

Total

121

166

Unwinding of discounted provisions

Total financial result decreased by € -45 million to € 121 million compared to
€ 166 million in 2023. The financial result mainly reflects the revaluation of
certain equity investments (see “– Note 21: Other Investments and Other

Long‑Term Financial Assets”) and the evolution of the US dollar, partially
offset by the interest result and the revaluation of financial instruments
(see “– Note 21: Other Investments and Other Long‑Term Financial Assets”).

17.	Income Taxes
The expense for income taxes is comprised of the following:
(In € million)

2024

2023

Current tax expense

(1,081)

(892)

thereof global minimum top-up tax
Deferred tax expense
Total

The Company is subject to the global minimum top-up tax under Pillar Two
tax legislation. It recognised a current tax expense of € 1 million related to
the top-up tax (2023: € 0 million) which is levied on the Company.

(1)

–

(266)

(264)

(1,347)

(1,156)

The Company has applied a temporary mandatory relief from deferred tax
accounting for the impacts of the top-up tax and accounts for it as a current
tax when it is incurred.

Main income tax rates and main changes impacting the Company:
(Rate in %)

2023

2024

2025

> 2026

Netherlands

25.80

25.80

25.80

25.80

France

25.83

25.83

25.83

25.83

Germany

30.00

30.00

30.00

30.00

Spain

25.00

25.00

25.00

25.00

UK

25.00

25.00

25.00

25.00

(1)

(1)

France’s 2025 finance bill includes an exceptional surtax on corporate income tax liabilities for companies with a turnover greater than € 3 billion for the fiscal year ending on
31 December 2025. The effective tax rate for 2025 would increase to 36.13%. The finance bill adopted by Parliament on 6 February 2025 is expected to be enacted in the next
weeks, following a review by the French Constitutional Council.

32

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.4 Airbus Performance

2
The following table shows a reconciliation from the theoretical income tax (expense) using the Dutch corporate tax rate to the reported income tax (expense):
(In € million)

2024

2023

Profit before income taxes

5,425

4,769

Corporate income tax rate

25.8%

25.8%

Expected (expense) for income taxes

(1,400)

(1,230)

(81)

(45)

Effects from tax rate differentials/Change of tax rate

(5)

20

Income from investment and associates

104

57

Tax credit

38

48

(8)

(67)

Capital gains and losses on disposals/mergers

Change in valuation allowances

(1)

Tax contingencies

(138)

76

Other non-deductible expenses and tax-free income

143

(15)

(1,347)

(1,156)

Reported tax (expense)
(1)

Reassessments of the recoverability of deferred tax assets based on future taxable profits.

The income tax expense amounts to € -1,347 million (2023: € -1,156 million)
and corresponds to an effective income tax rate of 24.8%.

recognises deferred tax liabilities. The rate used reflects the assumptions
that these differences will be recovered from dividend distribution unless
a management resolution for the divestment of the investment exists at the
closing date. For joint ventures, the Company assesses its ability to control
the distribution of dividends based on existing shareholder agreements
and recognises deferred tax liabilities accordingly.

This is related to the impact of equity consolidated companies, a revaluation
of certain investment as well as a minor net release of deferred tax
impairment. This is partly offset by an update of provisions for tax risks.
As the Company controls the timing of the reversal of temporary differences
associated with its subsidiaries (usually referred to as “outside basis
differences”) arising from yet undistributed profits and changes in foreign
exchange rates, it does not recognise a deferred tax liability. For temporary
differences arising from investments in associates the Company

As of 31 December 2024, the aggregate amount of temporary differences
associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches and associates and
interests in joint arrangements, for which deferred tax liabilities have not
been recognised, amounts to € 244 million (2023: € 230 million).

Deferred taxes on net operating losses (“NOLs”), trade tax loss carry forwards and tax credit carry forwards are:
(In € million)

France

Germany

Spain

UK Other countries

31 December
2024

31 December
2023

NOL

62

1,996

76

1,421

5,047

8,602

8,533

Trade tax loss carry forwards

–

2.488

–

–

–

2,488

3,108

Tax credit carry forwards

–

–

322

–

–

322

216

Tax effect

16

668

217

356

1,268

2,525

2,548

Valuation allowances

(15)

(591)

(82)

(46)

(1,211)

(1,945)

(1,617)

1

77

135

310

57

580

931

Deferred tax assets on NOLs
and tax credit carry forwards

NOLs, capital losses and trade tax loss carry forwards are indefinitely usable
under certain restrictions in France, Germany, the UK and Spain. They are

usable for 20 years in Canada. In Spain, R&D tax credit carry forwards will
expire after 18 years.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

33

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.4 Airbus Performance

Roll forward of deferred tax:
2024

2023

Net deferred tax assets at 1 January

3,087

4,519

Deferred tax expense in income statement

(266)

(264)

Deferred tax recognised directly in AOCI

485

(915)

Deferred tax on remeasurement of the net defined benefit pension plans

(136)

(240)

(In € million)

64

(13)

3,234

3,087

(In € million)

2024

2023

Financial assets at fair value through OCI

(20)

(35)

Cash flow hedges

1,746

1,276

Deferred tax on remeasurement of the net defined benefit pension plans

1,430

1,566

Total

3,156

2,807

Others
Net deferred tax assets at 31 December

Details of deferred tax recognised cumulatively in other comprehensive income are as follows:

Deferred income taxes as of 31 December 2024 are related to the following assets and liabilities:
1 January
2024

Other
movements

Movement through
income statement

31 December
2024

Others(1)

R&D
tax credits

Deferred
tax benefit
(expense)

Deferred
tax assets
(liabilities)

–

(32)

–

57

(412)

(104)

–

8

–

(144)

(240)

Investments and other long-term financial assets

1,697

–

33

–

113

1,843

Inventories

3,185

–

3

–

(317)

2,871

Receivables and other assets

(1,665)

(24)

111

–

(2,063)

(3,641)

(1)

–

–

–

(2)

(3)

Deferred
tax assets
(liabilities)

OCI/
IAS 19

Intangible assets

(437)

Property, plant and equipment

(In € million)

Prepaid expenses

(364)

(186)

(5)

–

(37)

(592)

Other provisions

116

–

111

–

7

234

Liabilities

167

469

(134)

–

2,239

2,741

Provisions for retirement plans

(184)

–

–

–

(2)

(186)

NOLs and tax credit carry forwards

2,548

–

107

(19)

(111)

2,525

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) before offsetting

4,958

259

200

(19)

(258)

5,140

Deferred income

Valuation allowances on deferred tax assets

(1,871)

90

(126)

9

(8)

(1,906)

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)

3,087

349

74

(10)

(266)

3,234

(1)

“Others” mainly comprises changes in the consolidation scope and foreign exchange rate effects.

34

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.4 Airbus Performance

2
Deferred income taxes as of 31 December 2023 are related to the following assets and liabilities:
1 January
2023

Other
movements

31 December
2023

Others(1)

R&D
tax credits

Deferred
tax benefit
(expense)

Deferred
tax assets
(liabilities)

–

3

–

(153)

(437)

–

(2)

–

944

(104)

Deferred
tax assets
(liabilities)

OCI/
IAS 19

Intangible assets

(287)

Property, plant and equipment

(1,046)

(In € million)

Movement through
income statement

Investments and other long-term financial assets

1,423

1

–

–

273

1,697

Inventories

2,642

–

–

–

543

3,185

Receivables and other assets

(1,414)

(70)

(145)

–

(36)

(1,665)

10

–

–

–

(11)

(1)

Provisions for retirement plans

Prepaid expenses

302

(298)

(2)

–

(366)

(364)

Other provisions

(53)

–

(7)

–

176

116

2,500

(925)

84

–

(1,492)

167

(33)

–

(1)

–

(150)

(184)

NOLs and tax credit carry forwards

2,506

–

(24)

(9)

75

2,548

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) before offsetting

6,550

(1,292)

(94)

(9)

(197)

4,958

Valuation allowances on deferred tax assets

(2,031)

137

58

32

(67)

(1,871)

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)

4,519

(1,155)

(36)

23

(264)

3,087

Liabilities
Deferred income

(1)

“Others” mainly comprises changes in the consolidation scope and foreign exchange rate effects.

18.	Earnings per Share
Profit for the period attributable to equity owners of the parent (Net income)
Weighted average number of ordinary shares
Basic earnings per share

Diluted earnings per share – The Company’s dilutive potential ordinary
shares are equity-settled Performance Shares relating to Long-Term
Incentive Plans (“LTIP”).

Diluted earnings per share

2023

€ 4,232 million

€ 3,789 million

789,961,671

788,720,779

€ 5.36

€ 4.80

In 2024, a total of 1,029,406 equity-settled Performance Shares was
considered in the calculation of diluted earnings per share. LTIP 2024 plan
has been excluded from the calculation because of its antidilutive effect.

Profit for the period attributable to equity owners of the parent (Net income), adjusted for diluted calculation
Weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted)

2024

2024

2023

€ 4,232 million

€ 3,789 million

790,991,077

789,760,599

€ 5.35

€ 4.80

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

35

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities
19.	Intangible Assets
Intangible assets comprise (i) goodwill (see “– Note 7: Scope of Consolidation”), (ii) capitalised development costs (see “– Note 4: Material Accounting
Policies”) and (iii) other intangible assets, e.g. internally developed software and acquired intangible assets.
Intangible assets with finite useful lives are generally amortised on a straight-line basis over their respective estimated useful lives (three to ten years) to
their estimated residual values.
31 December 2024 and 2023 comprise the following:
31 December 2024
(In € million)

Gross
amount

31 December 2023

Amortisation/
Impairment

Net book
value

Gross
amount

Amortisation/
Impairment

Net book
value

Goodwill

14,494

(1,045)

13,449

14,183

(1,042)

13,141

Capitalised development costs

3,631

(2,000)

1,631

3,165

(1,459)

1,706

Other intangible assets

5,630

(3,531)

2,099

5,305

(3,223)

2,082

Total

23,755

(6,576)

17,179

22,653

(5,724)

16,929

Reclassification

Disposals

Amortisation/
Impairment

Balance at
31 December
2024

–

–

13,449

Net Book Value
(In € million)

Goodwill

Balance at
1 January 2024

Exchange
differences

Additions

Changes in
consolidation
scope

13,141

26

199

83

–

Capitalised development costs

1,706

21

450

–

11

(1)

(556)

1,631

Other intangible assets

2,082

89

190

70

9

(18)

(323)

2,099

Total

16,929

136

839

153

20

(19)

(879)

17,179

Balance at
1 January 2023

Exchange
differences

Additions

Changes in
consolidation
scope

Reclassification

Disposals

Amortisation/
Impairment

Balance at
31 December
2023

Goodwill

13,165

(12)

–

(13)

–

–

–

13,141

Capitalised development costs

1,482

2

377

–

8

–

(164)

1,706

(In € million)

Other intangible assets
Total

2,121

(52)

206

22

24

(8)

(230)

2,082

16,768

(62)

583

9

32

(8)

(394)

16,929

Intangible assets increased by € +250 million to € 17,179 million (2023:
€ 16,929 million). Intangible assets mainly relate to goodwill of €13,449 million
(2023: € 13,141 million). Based on management’s best estimate, there is no

impact on the useful life of capitalised development costs resulting from
the Company’s journey towards sustainable aerospace (see “– Note 3:
Climate Impacts”).

Capitalised Development Costs
The Company has capitalised development costs in the amount of
€ 1,631 million as of 31 December 2024 (2023: € 1,706 million), for Airbus

36

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

programmes (€ 1,077 million), Airbus Defence and Space (€ 270 million)
and Airbus Helicopters (€ 284 million).

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

2
Impairment Tests
Each year the Company assesses whether there is an indication that a
non-financial asset or a cash generating unit (“CGU”) to which the asset
belongs may be impaired. In addition, intangible assets with an indefinite
useful life, intangible assets not yet available for use and goodwill are tested
for impairment annually, irrespective of whether there is any indication for
impairment. An impairment loss is recognised in the amount by which the
asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. For the purpose
of impairment testing, any goodwill is allocated to the CGU or group of
CGUs in a way that reflects the way goodwill is monitored for internal
management purposes.
The discounted cash flow method is used to determine the recoverable
amount of a CGU or the group of CGUs to which goodwill is allocated. The
discounted cash flow method is particularly sensitive to the selected discount
rates and estimates of future cash flows by management. Discount rates
are based on the weighted average cost of capital (“WACC”) for a CGU or
the groups of CGUs. The discount rates are calculated based on a risk-free
rate of interest and a market risk premium. In addition, the discount rates
reflect the current market assessment of the risks specific to each group
of CGUs by taking into account specific peer group information on beta

factors, leverage and cost of debt. Consequently, slight changes to these
elements can materially affect the resulting valuation and therefore the
amount of a potential impairment charge.
These estimates are influenced by several assumptions including the growth
rate of CGUs used in the computation of the terminal value, the increase
of deliveries in the coming years, the availability and composition of future
defence and institutional budgets, and foreign exchange fluctuations
or implications arising from the volatility of capital markets. Cash flow
projections take into account past experience and represent management’s
best estimate of future developments which align with the Company’s
climate-related ambitions .
The Company tested the intangible assets for which an indicator of
impairment was identified. In particular, the Company tested the intangible
assets associated with certain aircraft programmes and no material
impairment was recorded. Following the extensive technical and business
reviews performed in 2024 in Space Systems, an impairment of € 0.4 billion
was recorded, included in the total charges.

As of 31 December 2024 and 2023, goodwill was allocated to CGUs or group of CGUs and is summarised in the following schedule:

Airbus

Airbus
Helicopters

Airbus
Defence
and Space

Eliminations

Consolidated
Airbus

Goodwill as of 31 December 2024

10,824

307

2,318

–

13,449

Goodwill as of 31 December 2023

10,803

184

2,154

–

13,141

(In € million)

The goodwill mainly relates to the creation of the Company in 2000 and the Airbus Combination in 2001.
The annual impairment tests performed in 2024 led to no impairment charge.
The Company performed sensitivity tests in order to confirm the recoverability of its long-lived assets, and no reasonably possible changes in the main
assumptions used would cause the value in use of the goodwill to fall below its carrying value.

General Assumptions Applied in the Planning Process
The basis for determining the recoverable amount is the value in use of
the CGUs.
Cash flow projections used for the impairment testing are based on both
the operative planning and management’s best estimates over the long-term
horizon, including climate-related considerations. It incorporates the
decarbonisation levers in its assumptions. For more information about
the transition plan and the decarbonisation levers, please refer to
section 6.2.2.2 Transition plan for climate change mitigation (E1-1), in the
Sustainability Statement.
The operative planning, is based on the following key assumptions which
are relevant for all CGUs:
• increase of expected future labour expenses of 4.0% for 2025 including
an inflation rate of 3.5%;

• future interest rates projected per geographical market, for the European
Monetary Union, the UK and the US;
• future exchange rate of 1.10 US$/€ for 2025 to convert in euro
the portion of future US dollar which is not hedged (see “– Note 37:
Financial Instruments”).
General economic data derived from external macroeconomic and financial
studies have been used to derive the general key assumptions.
In addition to these general planning assumptions, the following additional
CGU specific assumptions, which represent management’s current best
assessment as of the date of these Consolidated Financial Statements,
have been applied.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

37

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

Airbus

• The planning takes into account both the current market conditions and
Airbus’ production rate, and includes management’s best estimates of
the progressive increase in aircraft deliveries over the operative
planning period;

• The period beyond the operative plan horizon was considered through
10 years long-term projections and a terminal value with a perpetual
growth rate of 2%, aligned with Airbus’ ambition as reflected through
its SBTi-validated targets.
• Cash flows are discounted using a euro weighted pre-tax WACC of
12.6% (2023: 13.5%).

Airbus Helicopters

• The planning takes into account the evolution of programmes based
upon the current backlog and an assessment of order intake for platforms
and services;

• In the absence of long-term financial reference, expected cash flows
generated beyond the planning horizon are considered through a
terminal value with a perpetual growth rate of 1%;

• Long-term commercial assumptions in respect of market share, deliveries
and market value are based on the latest helicopter market forecast.
According to market forecasts, around 7,400 Civil and Parapublic
helicopters and approximately 7,100 Military helicopters are expected
to be delivered globally over the next 10 years;

• Cash flows are discounted using a euro weighted pre-tax WACC of
11.3% (2023: 12.4%).

Airbus Defence and Space

• Overall the defence and space markets are expected to have growth
during the period of the operative planning horizon;
• Business growth is underpinned by growing defence and space
opportunities. Underlying performance is improved by focusing on
project delivery, cost control and efficiency;

• In the absence of long-term financial reference, expected cash flows
generated beyond the planning horizon are considered through a
terminal value, with a perpetual growth rate of 1%;
• Cash flows are discounted using a euro weighted pre-tax WACC of
10.3% (2023: 11.2%).

20.	Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment is valued at acquisition or manufacturing costs less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Items of property,
plant and equipment are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis. The following useful lives are assumed:
Buildings

10 to 50 years

Site improvements

6 to 30 years

Technical equipment and machinery

2 to 20 years
5 years

Jigs and tools

(1)

Other equipment, factory and office equipment
(1)

2 to 10 years

If more appropriate, jigs and tools are depreciated using the number of production or similar units expected to be obtained from the tools (sum-of-the-units method).

Property, plant and equipment as of 31 December 2024 and 2023 comprises the following:
31 December 2024
Gross
amount

(In € million)

31 December 2023

Depreciation/
Impairment

Net book
value

Gross
amount

Depreciation/
Impairment

Net book
value

Land, leasehold improvements and buildings,
including buildings on land owned by others

11,222

(5,822)

5,400

10,948

(5,783)

5,165

Technical equipment and machinery

23,599

(16,488)

7,111

22,416

(15,587)

6,829

Other equipment, factory and office equipment(1)

4,038

(3,103)

935

3,955

(3,108)

847

Construction in progress

3,646

–

3,646

2,720

–

2,720

Right-of-use assets(2)

3,037

(1,017)

2,020

2,616

(975)

1,641

45,542

(26,430)

19,112

42,654

(25,453)

17,201

Total
(1)
(2)

Includes the net book value of aircraft under operating lease (see “– Note 27: Sales Financing Transactions”).
The net book value of Land and Buildings under Right-of-use assets amounts to €1,904 million.

38

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

2
Net Book Value
Balance at
1 January
2024

Exchange
differences

Land, leasehold improvements
and buildings, including buildings
on land owned by others

5,165

Technical equipment and machinery

Additions

Changes in
consolidation
scope

Reclassification

42

338

63

6,829

79

462

Other equipment, factory
and office equipment

847

12

Construction in progress

2,720

34

(In € million)

Disposals

Depreciation/
Impairment

Balance at
31 December
2024

139

(6)

(341)

5,400

(2)

1,048

(47)

(1,258)

7,111

220

23

105

(71)

(201)

935

2,206

15

(1,305)

(24)

–

3,646

Right-of-use assets

1,641

52

438

45

191

(117)

(230)

2,020

Total

17,201

219

3,664

144

178

(265)

(2,030)

19,112

Balance at
1 January
2023

Exchange
differences

Disposals

Depreciation/
Impairment

Balance at
31 December
2023

(In € million)

Additions

Changes in
consolidation
scope Reclassification

Land, leasehold improvements
and buildings, including buildings
on land owned by others

4,997

5

109

3

379

(23)

(306)

5,165

Technical equipment and machinery

6,696

(19)

442

9

841

(19)

(1,119)

6,829

Other equipment, factory
and office equipment

825

(6)

131

5

96

(15)

(190)

847

Construction in progress

2,241

(1)

1,766

–

(1,264)

(22)

–

2,720

Right-of-use assets

1,746

(24)

181

12

(26)

(30)

(218)

1,641

16,505

(45)

2,629

29

26

(109)

(1,833)

17,201

Total

Property, plant and equipment increased by € +1,911 million to € 19,112 million
(2023: € 17,201 million). Property, plant and equipment include right-of-use
assets for an amount of € 2,020 million as of 31 December 2024 (2023:
€ 1,641 million).

For details on assets related to lease arrangements on sales financing, see
“– Note 27: Sales Financing Transactions”.

Property, Plant and Equipment by Geographical Areas
31 December
2024

2023

France

8,654

7,919

Germany

4,700

4,286

(In € million)

UK

1,692

1,478

Spain

1,337

1,285

United States

1,370

868

Canada

504

438

Other countries
Total

855

927

19,112

17,201

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

39

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

The Company as lessee
The Company leases mainly real estate assets, cars and equipment (such
as land, warehouses, storage facilities and offices).
Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets refer mainly to IT equipment
(e.g. printers, laptops and mobile phones) and other equipment.

The discount rate used to determine the right-of-use asset and the lease
liability for each country and leased asset is calculated based on the
incremental borrowing rate at inception of the lease. The Company
calculated the rate applicable to each lease contract on the basis of the
lease duration.

The Company incurred interest expense on lease liabilities of € 50 million.
The expense in relation to short-term and low-value assets is insignificant.

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities, based on contractual undiscounted
cash flows is shown in “– Note 37.1: Financial Risk Management”.

There are no significant variable lease payments included in the Company’s
lease arrangements.

Real estate leases

The Company leases land and buildings mainly for its operational business
warehouses including logistic facilities, offices, production halls and
laboratories. The major leases are located in France, Germany, the US,
Canada and China. As lease contracts are negotiated on an individual

basis, lease terms contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
Leases are typically made for a fixed period of 3-25 years and may include
extension, termination and other options, which provide operational flexibility
to the Company.

Vehicle leases

The Company leases cars for management and other functions. Vehicle leases typically run for an average period of three years and do not provide
renewal options.

Other leases

The Company also leases IT equipment, machinery and other equipment that combined are insignificant to the total leased asset portfolio.

Off-Balance Sheet Commitments

Commitments related to property, plant and equipment comprise contractual
commitments for future capital expenditure and contractual commitments
for purchases of “Land, leasehold improvements and buildings including

40

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

buildings on land owned by others” (€ 1,722 million as of 31 December 2024,
2023: € 1,345 million).

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

2
21.	Other Investments and Other Long-Term Financial Assets
31 December
2024

2023

Other investments

2,888

2,798

Other long-term financial assets

2,189

1,921

Total non-current other investments and other long-term financial assets

5,077

4,719

(In € million)

Current portion of other long-term financial assets
Total

Other investments mainly comprise the Company’s participations and
include the remaining investment in Dassault Aviation (10.53%, 2023: 10.24%)
amounting to € 1,632 million as of 31 December 2024 (2023: € 1,483 million).

897

795

5,974

5,514

of 31 December 2024 (2023: € 2,601 million), and the sales financing
activities in the form of finance lease receivables and loans from aircraft
financing. The increase is mainly reflecting additional loans in Airbus bank.

Other long-term financial assets and the current portion of other long-term
financial assets include other loans in the amount of € 2,955 million as

22.	Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities, Trade Receivables
and Trade Liabilities
Contract assets represent the Company’s right to consideration in exchange
for goods or services that the Company has transferred to a customer when
that right is conditioned by something other than the passage of time
(e.g. revenue recognised from the application of the PoC method before
the Company has a right to invoice).
Contract liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to transfer goods or
services to a customer for which the Company has received consideration,
or for which an amount of consideration is due from the customer (e.g.
advance payments received).
Net contract assets and contract liabilities are determined for each
contract separately. For serial contracts, contract liabilities are presented
in current contract liabilities, if revenues are expected within the next
twelve months or material expenses for the manufacturing process have
already occurred. For long-term production contracts (e.g. governmental

contracts such as A400M, Tiger, NH90), contract liabilities are classified
as current when the relating inventories or receivables are expected to be
recognised within the normal operating cycle of the long-term contract.
Trade receivables arise when the Company provides goods or services
directly to a customer with no intention of trading the receivable. Trade
receivables include claims arising from revenue recognition that are not
yet settled by the debtor. Trade receivables are initially recognised at their
transaction prices and are subsequently measured at amortised cost less
any allowances for impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the
Consolidated Income Statement when the receivables are derecognised
and impaired.
Impairment and allowances of trade receivables and contract assets
are measured at an amount equal to the life-time expected loss as described
in “– Note 37: Financial Instruments”.

Contract Assets, Contract Liabilities and Trade Receivables
Significant changes in contract assets and contract liabilities during the period are as follows:
2024

2023

Contract
assets

Contract
liabilities

Contract
assets

Contract
liabilities

Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance at 1 January

–

(23,843)

–

(26,175)

Increases due to cash received, excluding amounts recognised as revenue(1)

–

31,094

–

29,198

Transfers from contract assets recognised at 1 January

(3,860)

–

(2,168)

–

Increase as a result of changes in the measure of progress

3,654

–

2,509

–

(In € million)

(1)

Including final payments received from customers and others parties in anticipation.

As of 31 December 2024, trade receivables amounting to € 160 million (2023: € 227 million) will mature after more than one year.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

41

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

The respective movement in the allowance for expected credit losses in respect of trade receivables and contract assets during the period was as follows:
(In € million)

2024

2023

Allowance balance at 1 January

(359)

(380)

Utilisations/disposals and business combinations

26

86

Additions

(38)

(65)

Allowance balance at 31 December

(371)

(359)

Trade Liabilities
Trade liabilities of € 13,791 million (2023: € 14,323 million) decreased by
€ -532 million.
As of 31 December 2024, trade liabilities amounting to € 18 million (2023:
€ 87 million) will mature after more than one year.
Similar to previous years, the Company has supported its suppliers through
Supply Chain Financing Arrangements with the aim to increase the stability
of the supply chain. The main programme is managed by a finance provider
with funding provided by several banks. Through a dedicated platform,
suppliers have flexibility to elect individual invoices for early payment. The
costs associated with the early payment are incurred by the supplier, and
correspond to market interest rate, plus a rate agreed between the financing
third-party and the suppliers. Early payments are processed by the finance
provider, and the Company settles the original invoice amount with the
latter at the initial maturity date. During the year 2024, the main program
has contributed to support the supply chain for approximately € 8 billion.
The Company evaluates such suppliers’ early payment arrangements with
a financing third party against a number of indicators to assess whether the
payable continues to hold the characteristics of a trade payable or should

be classified as borrowings; these indicators include whether the payment
terms exceed customary payment terms in the industry. Based on the
Company assessment, the payables subject to supplier financing
arrangements continue to meet the definition of trade payables and are
not reclassified to borrowings.
The Company presents a single cash outflow for the payments made to
the finance provider because it considers the payment to a supplier by the
financing third party not to be a cash transaction of the entity. The Company
classifies its cash outflows for payments made to the finance provider within
operating activities because it views the principal nature of these payments
as related to the purchase of goods and services.
Trade liabilities as part of a supplier finance arrangements, for which
payments have already been received by the suppliers from the finance
provider, amounts to € 0.4 billion as of 31 December 2024. The range of
payment due dates is not impacted by the supplier finance arrangements
and continues to be comparable with trade payables that are not part of
those arrangements.

23.	Inventories
31 December 2024
Gross amount

(In € million)

Write-down

31 December 2023

Net book value

Gross amount

Write-down

Net book value

Raw materials and manufacturing supplies

5,785

(718)

5,067

5,025

(739)

4,286

Work in progress

21,972

(1,047)

20,925

20,648

(1,091)

19,558

Finished goods and parts for resale

6,102

(1,048)

5,054

5,169

(1,273)

3,896

Advance payments to suppliers
Total

6,768

(69)

6,699

6,061

(60)

6,001

40,627

(2,882)

37,745

36,904

(3,163)

33,741

Inventories of € 37,745 million (2023: € 33,741 million) increased by
€ +4,004 million. This is mostly driven by work in progress, raw materials
and higher finished goods in order to support the ramp-up as well as
spare parts due to the increase in services business.
In 2024, write-downs of inventories in the amount of € -473 million (2023:
€ -782 million) are recognised in cost of sales, whereas reversal of write-downs
amounts to € 81 million (2023: € 149 million). As of 31 December 2024,
€ 20,380 million of work in progress and € 5,035 million of finished goods
and parts for resale were carried at net realisable value.

42

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

Inventories recognised as an expense during the period amount to
€ 41,669 million (2023: € 41,644 million).

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

2
24.	Provisions, Contingent Assets and Contingent Liabilities
Provisions — The determination of provisions, e.g. for onerous contracts,
program-related provisions, warranty costs, restructuring measures and
legal proceedings is based on best estimates.

In general, in the aerospace sector, the contractual and technical parameters
considered for provision calculations are complex. Hence uncertainty exists
with regard to the timing and amounts of expenses to be taken into account.
31 December

(In € million)

2024

2023

Provisions for pensions(1)

1,821

2,715

Other provisions

7,116

7,113

Total

8,937

9,828

thereof non-current portion

4,630

5,667

thereof current portion

4,307

4,161

(1)

See “– Note 31 Post-Employment Benefits”.

As of 31 December 2024, provisions for pensions amount to € 1.8 billion
(2023: € 2.7 billion). It mainly reflects the contributions to plan assets
and the actuarial gains on pension obligations from financial assumptions
driven by the increase in the discount rates as well as the decrease in the
inflation assumptions (see “– Note 31: Post-Employment Benefits”).

Scheme and the Company UK Pension Scheme (see “– Note 26: Other
Assets and Other Liabilities”).
Other provisions remained stable mainly due to provisions utilisation and
release partly offset by provisions for onerous contracts related to the
updates of certain Space programmes (see “– Note 12: Revenue and
Gross Margin”).

As of 31 December 2024, a non-current asset of € 0.7 billion (2023:
€ 0.4 billion) is accounted for to reflect the surplus in two pension funds
in the UK, the Airbus Section of the participation in BAE Systems Pension
Movements in other provisions during the year were as follows:

Reclassification/
Change in
consolidated
Additions
group

Balance at
1 January 2024

Exchange
differences

Increase from
passage
of time

Onerous contracts

1,638

44

–

978

Outstanding costs

1,432

–

–

2

(1)

–

Obligation from services and
maintenance agreements

301

2

6

Warranties

395

8

2

Personnel-related provisions

774

2

6

Litigation and claims

103

(2)

Asset retirement

134

(1)

Others risks and charges

2,334

–

Total

7,113

52

(In € million)

Aircraft financing risks(1)

(2)

(3)

(1)
(2)
(3)

Used

Released

Balance at
31 December
2024

(11)

(836)

(112)

1,701

655

1

(473)

(221)

1,394

–

–

–

(1)

–

–

–

(38)

(15)

256

174

(1)

(55)

(56)

467

241

1

(424)

(36)

564

–

42

–

(28)

(29)

86

25

12

1

–

–

171

(3)

989

(11)

(481)

(351)

2,477

36

3,091

(20)

(2,335)

(821)

7,116

See “– Note 27: Sales Financing Transactions”.
See “– Note 30: Personnel-Related Provisions”.
See “– Note 38: Litigation and Claims”.

Provisions for onerous contracts in 2024 mainly include the provision related
to the updates of certain Space programmes partly offset by the utilisation
in the A400M programme and the reduction in the A220 programme.

Personnel-related provisions include restructuring provisions and other
personnel charges. For more details, see “– Note 30: PersonnelRelated Provisions”.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

43

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

Contingent assets and contingent liabilities — The Company is exposed
to technical and commercial contingent obligations due to the nature of its
businesses. To mitigate this exposure, the Company has subscribed to a
Global Aviation Insurance Programme (“GAP”). Information required under
IAS 37 “Provisions, Contingent Assets and Contingent Liabilities” is not
disclosed if the Company concludes that disclosure can be expected to
prejudice seriously its position in a dispute with other parties.

For other contingent liabilities, see “– Note 38: Litigation and Claims” and
“– Note 12: Revenue and Gross Margin” (mainly A400M programme).
Other commitments include contractual guarantees and performance
bonds to certain customers as well as commitments for future capital
expenditure and amounts which may be payable to commercial
intermediaries if future sales materialise.

25.	Other Financial Assets and Other Financial Liabilities
Other Financial Assets
31 December
(In € million)

Positive fair values of derivative financial instruments

(1)

2024

2023

670

897

Others

27

25

Total non-current other financial assets

697

922

1,159

1,252

Positive fair values of derivative financial instruments

395

330

Others

450

269

Total current other financial assets

2,004

1,851

Total

2,701

2,773

Receivables from related companies
(1)

(1)

See “– Note 37: Financial Instruments”.

Other Financial Liabilities
31 December
(In € million)

Liabilities for derivative financial instruments

(1)

European Governments’ refundable advances

(2)

Others
Total non-current other financial liabilities
Liabilities for derivative financial instruments

(1)

2024

2023

3,715

2,859

3,698

3,671

163

185

7,576

6,715

2,466

1,891

European Governments’ refundable advances

161

185

Liabilities to related companies

82

183

Others

341

310

(2)

Total current other financial liabilities

3,050

2,569

Total

10,626

9,284

(1)
(2)

See “– Note 37: Financial Instruments”.
Refundable advances from European Governments are provided to the Company to finance research and development activities for certain projects on a risk-sharing basis, i.e. they
are repaid to the European Governments subject to the success of the project.

44

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

2
The total net fair value of derivative financial instruments decreased by
€ -1,593 million to € -5,116 million (2023: € -3,523 million) as a result of the
strengthening of the US dollar sport rate vs. the average US$/€ hedge
rate of the Company portfolio (see “– Note 37.4: Notional Amounts of
Derivative Financial Instruments).

The allocation of European Governments’ refundable advances between
non-current and current presented in the Consolidated Financial
Statements ended 31 December 2024 is based on the applicable
contractual repayment dates.

In 2024, the European Governments’ refundable advances remained
stable at € 3,859 million (2023: € 3,856 million).

26.	Other Assets and Other Liabilities
Other Assets
31 December
(In € million)

2024

2023

Cost to fulfil a contract

657

468

Prepaid expenses

80

129

Others

1,913

1,257

Total non-current other assets

2,650

1,854

Value added tax claims

1,823

1,600

Cost to fulfil a contract

623

460

Prepaid expenses

621

174

Others

396

463

Total current other assets

3,463

2,697

Total

6,113

4,551

As of 31 December 2024, others included into other assets comprise
€ 1,267 million of payments to be made to Airbus by suppliers after aircraft
delivery (2023: € 874 million) which are expected to be received over a
rolling period of 15 years. They are recorded as a reduction of cost of
goods sold at the time of aircraft delivery. These future payments are
discounted to reflect specific contractual terms and repayment profile.

As of 31 December 2024, a non-current asset of € 677 million (2023:
€ 373 million) is accounted for in others to reflect the surplus in two pension
funds in the UK. The change of € +304 million is mainly explained by actuarial
losses on pension obligations from financial assumptions of € +569 million
and contributions to plan assets of € +105 million. It is partly offset by the
actuarial losses from plan assets of € -384 million. (see “– Note 24: Provisions,
Contingent Assets and Contingent Liabilities”).

Other Liabilities
31 December
(In € million)

2024

2023

Others

463

450

Total non-current other liabilities

463

450

Tax liabilities (excluding income tax)

806

740

(1)

Others

3,216

2,767

Total current other liabilities

4,022

3,507

Total

4,485

3,957

(1)

(1)

“Others” mainly comprises tax (excluding income tax) and personnel liabilities (e.g. Salaries, Social insurance contribution, Liabilities from personnel restructuring).

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

45

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

27.	Sales Financing Transactions
Sales financing — With a view to facilitating aircraft sales for Airbus and
Airbus Helicopters, the Company may enter into either on-balance sheet
or off-balance sheet sales financing transactions.
On-balance sheet transactions where the Company is lessor are classified
as operating leases, finance leases and loans, inventories and to a minor
extent, equity investments:
(i) operating leases – Aircraft leased out under operating leases are
included in property, plant and equipment at cost less accumulated
depreciation (see “– Note 20: Property, Plant and Equipment”). Rental
income from operating leases is recorded as revenue on a straightline basis over the term of the lease;
(ii) finance leases and loans – When, pursuant to a financing transaction,
substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financed
aircraft reside with a third party, the transaction is characterised as
either a finance lease or a loan. In such instances, revenues from the
sale of the aircraft are recorded upon delivery, while financial interest
is recorded over time as financial income. The outstanding balance of
principal is recorded on the Statement of Financial Position (on-balance
sheet) in long-term financial assets, net of any accumulated impairments;
(iii) inventories – Second-hand aircraft acquired as part of a commercial
buyback transaction, returned to Airbus after a payment default or
at the end of a lease agreement are classified as inventories held for
resale if there is no subsequent lease agreement in force (see “–
Note 23: Inventories”).
Off-balance sheet commitments — Financing commitments are provided
to the customer either as backstop commitments before delivery, asset
value guarantees at delivery or counter guarantees:
(i) backstop commitments are guarantees by Airbus, made when a
customer-order is placed, to provide financing to the customer in the
event that the customer fails to secure sufficient funding when payment
becomes due under the order. Such commitments are not considered
to be part of Gross Customer Financing Exposure as (i) the financing is
not in place, (ii) commitments may be transferred in full or part to third
parties prior to delivery, (iii) past experience suggests it is unlikely
that all such proposed financings actually will be implemented and,
(iv) Airbus retains the asset until the aircraft is delivered and does not
incur an unusual risk in relation thereto. In order to mitigate customer
credit risks for Airbus, such commitments typically contain financial
conditions, such as condition precedents, which guaranteed parties
must satisfy in order to benefit therefrom;
(ii) asset value guarantees are guarantees whereby Airbus guarantees
a portion of the value of an aircraft at a specific date after its delivery.
Airbus considers the financial risks associated with such guarantees
to be acceptable, because (i) the guarantee only covers a tranche of
the estimated future value of the aircraft, and its level is considered
prudent in comparison to the estimated future value of each aircraft,
and (ii) the exercise dates of outstanding asset value guarantees are
distributed through 2031.

46

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

As of 31 December 2024, the nominal value of asset value guarantees
considered as variable considerations under IFRS 15 provided to beneficiaries
amounts to € 145 million (2023: € 151 million), excluding € 10 million (2023:
€ 9 million) where the risk is considered to be remote. The present value of
the risk inherent in asset value guarantees where a settlement is being
considered probable is fully provided for and included in the total of
contract liabilities for an amount of € 127 million (2023: € 127 million) (see
“– Note 22: Contract Assets, Contract Liabilities and Trade Receivables,
and Trade Liabilities”).
Exposure — In terms of risk management, the Company manages its gross
exposure arising from its sales financing activities (“Gross Customer Financing
Exposure”) separately for (i) customer’s credit risk and (ii) asset value risk.
Gross Customer Financing Exposure is the sum of (i) the book value of
operating leases before impairment, (ii) the outstanding principal amount of
finance leases or loans due before impairment, (iii) the guaranteed amounts
under financial guarantees (iv) the book value of second-hand aircraft
for resale before impairment, and (v) the outstanding value of any other
investment in sales financing structured entities before impairment. This
Gross Customer Financing Exposure may differ from the value of related
assets on the Company’s Statement of Financial Position and related
off-balance sheet contingent commitments, mainly because (i) assets are
recorded in compliance with IFRS, but may relate to transactions that are
financed on a limited recourse basis and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets
on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position may have been adjusted
for impairment losses.
Gross Customer Financing Exposure amounts to US$ 0.3 billion (€ 0.3 billion)
(2023: US$ 0.4 billion (€ 0.3 billion)).
Net exposure is the difference between Gross Customer Financing Exposure
and the collateral value. Collateral value is assessed using a dynamic model
based on the net present value of expected future receivables, expected
proceeds from resale and potential cost of default. This valuation model
yields results that are typically lower than residual value estimates by
independent sources in order to allow for what management believes is its
conservative assessment of market conditions and for repossession and
transformation costs. The net exposure is provided for by way of impairment
losses and other provisions.
Impairment losses and provisions — For the purpose of measuring an
impairment loss, each transaction is tested individually. Impairment losses
relating to aircraft under operating lease and second-hand aircraft for resale
(included in inventory) are recognised for any excess of the aircraft’s
carrying amount over the higher of the aircraft’s value in use and its fair value
less cost to sell. Finance leases and loans are measured at fair value, based
on the present value of estimated future cash flows (including cash flows
expected to be derived from a sale of the aircraft). Under its provisioning
policy for sales financing risk, Airbus and Airbus Helicopters record provisions
as liabilities for estimated risk relating to off-balance sheet commitments.
Security — Sales financing transactions, including those that are structured
through structured entities, are generally collateralised by the underlying
aircraft. Additionally, the Company benefits from protective covenants and
from security packages tailored according to the perceived risk and the
legal environment.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

2
The Company endeavours to limit its sales financing exposure by sharing
its risk with third parties usually involving the creation of a structured entity.
Apart from investor interest protection, interposing a structured entity offers
advantages such as flexibility, bankruptcy remoteness, liability containment
and facilitating sell-downs of the aircraft financed. An aircraft financing
structured entity is typically funded on a non-recourse basis by a senior
lender and one or more providers of subordinated financing. When the
Company acts as a lender to such structured entities, it may take the role
of the senior lender or the provider of subordinated loans. The Company

consolidates an aircraft financing structured entity if it is exposed to the
structured entity’s variable returns and has the ability to direct the relevant
remarketing activities. Otherwise, it recognises only its loan to the structured
entity under other long-term financial assets. As of 31 December 2024 the
carrying amount of its loans from aircraft financing amounts to € 97 million
(2023: € 85 million). This amount also represents the Company’s maximum
exposure to loss from its interest in unconsolidated aircraft financing
structured entities.

On-Balance Sheet Operating and Finance Leases
The future minimum operating lease payments (undiscounted) due from customers to be included in revenue, and the future minimum lease payments
(undiscounted) from investments in finance leases to be received in settlement of the outstanding receivable as of 31 December 2024 and 31 December
2023 are as follows:
Aircraft under
operating lease

Finance lease
receivables

5

4

Later than one year and not later than five years

14

25

Later than five years

37

11

31 December 2024

56

40

Aircraft under
operating lease

Finance lease
receivables

Not later than one year

6

5

Later than one year and not later than five years

6

35

(In € million)

Not later than one year

(In € million)

Later than five years

81

18

31 December 2023

93

58

Customer Financing Cash Flows
Direct customer financing cash flows amount to € -2 million in 2024 (2023: € -436 million).

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

47

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.5 Operational Assets and Liabilities

Customer Financing Exposure
The on-balance sheet assets relating to sales financing, the off-balance sheet commitments and the related financing exposure (not including asset
value guarantees) as of 31 December 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
31 December 2024

31 December 2023

Airbus

Airbus
Helicopters

Total

Airbus

Airbus
Helicopters

Total

Operating leases(1)

140

4

140

93

–

93

Finance leases and loans

130

11

142

122

17

139

Inventories

24

–

24

49

–

49

Other investments

13

–

13

42

–

42

307

15

323

306

17

323

(In € million)

On-balance sheet customer financing
Off-balance sheet customer financing

2

2

4

6

2

8

Gross Customer Financing Exposure

309

17

327

312

19

331

Collateral values

(263)

(17)

(280)

(252)

(19)

(271)

Net exposure

46

–

47

60

–

60

Operating leases

–

–

–

–

–

–

(46)

–

(46)

(54)

–

(54)

On-balance sheet commitments – inventories

–

–

–

(5)

–

(5)

Off-balance sheet commitments – provisions(2)

–

–

–

(1)

–

(1)

(47)

–

(46)

(60)

–

(60)

Finance leases and loans

Asset impairments, fair value adjustments and provisions
(1)
(2)

For 2024 and 2023, depreciation amounts to € 10 million and € 5 million respectively and related accumulated depreciation is € 22 million and € 17 million respectively.
See “– Note 24: Provisions, Contingent Assets and Contingent Liabilities”.

48

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

2

28.	Number of Employees
Airbus

Airbus
Helicopters

Airbus
Defence
and Space

Consolidated
Airbus

31 December 2024

97,433

23,141

36,347

156,921

31 December 2023

90,032

22,336

35,525

147,893

As of 31 December 2024, the total number of employees amounts to 156,921 (2023: 147,893). The increase mainly reflects ramp-up activities and perimeter
changes (including Airbus India for 3,581 employees).

29.	Personnel Expenses
(In € million)

Wages, salaries and social contributions

(2)

17,433

15,612

434

414
16,026

Used

Released

Balance at
31 December
2024

Total
(2)

2023

17,867

Net periodic pension cost

(1)

(1)

2024

See “– Note 31: Post-Employment Benefits”.
2023 figures have been restated.

30.	Personnel-Related Provisions
Reclassification/
Change in
consolidated
Additions
group

Balance at
1 January 2024

Exchange
differences

Increase from
passage
of time

76

1

2

28

–

(38)

(1)

68

Other personnel charges

698

1

4

213

1

(386)

(35)

496

Total

774

2

6

241

1

(424)

(36)

564

(In € million)

Restructuring measures/
pre-retirement part-time work

Other personnel charges of € 494 million (2023: € 698 million) are mainly

related to short-term employee benefit.

31.	Post-Employment Benefits
31 December
(In € million)

2024

2023

Provisions for retirement plans

1,762

2,554

59

161

1,821

2,715

Provisions for deferred compensation
Retirement plans and similar obligations

In addition, a non-current asset of € 677 million has been accounted for to
reflect the surplus in two pension funds in the UK, the Airbus Section of
the participation in BAE Systems Pension Scheme and the Company UK

Pension Scheme, as well as Airbus Atlantique Pension Plan in Canada (see
“– Note 26: Other Assets and Other Liabilities”).

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

49

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

Plans description
When Company employees retire, they receive indemnities as stipulated
in retirement agreements, in accordance with regulations and practices of
the countries in which it operates.
Provision for deferred compensation represents obligations that arise if
employees elect to convert part of their remuneration or bonus into an
equivalent commitment for deferred compensation which is treated as a
defined benefit post-employment plan.
France — The French pension system is operated on a “pay as you go”
basis. Besides the basic pension from the French social security system, each
employee is entitled to receive a complementary pension from defined
contribution schemes AGIRC-ARRCO (Association pour le régime de retraite
complémentaire des salariés and Association générale des institutions de
retraite des cadres). Moreover, French law stipulates that employees are
paid retirement indemnities in the form of lump sums on the basis of the
length of service, which are considered as defined benefit obligations.
In 2023 the Company implemented a new funding vehicle in the form of an
insurance contract to partially fund the retirement indemnities obligations.
Germany — The Company has a pension plan (P3) for executive and
non-executive employees in place. Under this plan, the employer provides
contributions for the services rendered by the employees, which are
dependent on their salaries in the respective service period. These
contributions are converted into components which become part of the
accrued pension liability at the end of the year. Total benefits are calculated
as a career average over the entire period of service. Certain employees
that are not covered by this plan receive retirement indemnities based on
salary earned in the last year or on an average of the last three years of
employment. For some executive employees, benefits are dependent on
the final salary of the respective individual at the date of retirement and
the time period served as an executive.
In 2018, Airbus introduced the new Airbus Pensions Plan (“APP”) with
security-linked benefits in Germany, which all new entrants after 1 January
2018 will join. Accordingly, the existing pension plan has been closed for
new entrants. As of 1 January 2019, deferred compensation, which is
financed by the employees, is offered exclusively in APP for all employees.
In 2020 the Company transferred about half of the active population of the
P3 plan into APP. With effect as of 1 January 2020 these employees will
accrue future benefits under APP but not in P3 anymore. Benefits related
to past service are not affected by this transfer.
Parts of the pension obligation in Germany are funded by assets invested in
specific funding vehicles. Besides a relief fund (“Unterstützungskasse”), the
Company has implemented a Contractual Trust Arrangement. The Contractual
Trust Arrangement structure is that of a bilateral trust arrangement. Assets
that are transferred to the relief fund and the Contractual Trust Arrangement
qualify as plan assets under IAS 19.
In the trust arrangements between the trust and the participating companies
a minimum funding requirement is stipulated for the portion of the obligation
for deferred compensation, which is not protected by the pension guarantee
association or Pensions-Sicherungs Verein in case of an insolvency of the
subsidiaries concerned. Some portions of the obligation must be covered
with securities in the same amount, while other portions must be covered
by 115%.

50

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

United Kingdom — The Company UK Pension Scheme (“the Scheme”)
was implemented by Airbus Defence and Space Ltd., Stevenage (UK) as
the principal employer. This plan comprises all eligible employees of Airbus
Defence and Space Ltd. as well as all personnel, who were recruited by
one of the Company subsidiaries located in the UK and participating in the
scheme. The major part of the obligation is funded by scheme assets due
to contributions of the participating companies. The Scheme is a registered
pension scheme under the Finance Act 2004. The trustee’s only formal
funding objective is the statutory funding objective under the Pensions Act
part 3 2004, which is to have sufficient and appropriate assets to cover
the Scheme’s obligations. Since 1 November 2013, this plan is generally
closed for joiners, who participate in a separate defined contribution plan.
Moreover, the Company participates in the UK in several funded trusteeadministered pension plans for both executive and non-executive employees
with BAE Systems being the principal employer. The Company’s most
significant investments in terms of employees participating in these BAE
Systems UK pension plans is Airbus Operations Ltd. Participating Airbus
Operations Ltd. employees have continued to remain members in the BAE
Systems UK pension plans due to the UK pension agreement between the
Company and BAE Systems and a change in the UK pensions legislation
enacted in April 2006.
For the most significant of these BAE Systems Pension Schemes, the Main
Scheme, BAE Systems, the Company and the scheme Trustees agreed on
a sectionalisation, which was implemented on 1 April 2016. Although BAE
Systems remains the only principal employer of the Scheme, the Company
has obtained powers in relation to its section which are the same as if it were
the principal employer.
Based on the funding situation of the respective pension schemes, the
pension plan trustees determine the contribution rates to be paid by the
participating employers to adequately fund the schemes. The latest funding
valuation for the Main Scheme has been conducted in 2023 and the Main
Scheme is currently in a surplus situation.
In the event that an employer who participates in the BAE Systems pension
schemes fails or cannot be compelled to fulfil its obligations as a participating
employer, the remaining participating employers are obliged to collectively
take on its obligations.
The Company considers the likelihood of this event as remote. However, for
the Main Scheme the Company considers that its obligation is in principle
limited to that related to its section.
In addition, the Company has two guarantees to cover its obligation towards
the Scheme and the BAE Systems pension schemes. To mitigate its exposure,
the first guarantee covers an amount up to GBP 1.25 billion for an unlimited
period of time while the second one covers an uncapped amount
terminating in 2046, respectively for the Scheme and the BAE Systems
Pension Schemes.
Canada — Airbus Canada Limited Partnership sponsors defined benefit
plans for its salaried, hourly and executive employees. In 2020, Airbus
acquired Stelia Aeronautics Saint-Laurent Inc. which sponsors a defined
benefit plan for its salaried and hourly employees.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

2
Actuarial risks for the Company
The Defined Benefit Obligation (“DBO”) exposes the Company to actuarial
risks, including mainly the following ones:

by the positive development of market values of those corporate bonds
included in plan assets. Generally, the pension obligation is sensitive to
movements in the interest rate leading to volatile results in the valuation.

Market price risk — The return on plan assets is assumed to be the
discount rate derived from AA-rated corporate bonds. If the actual return
rate of plan assets is lower than the applied discount rate, the net liability
increases accordingly. Moreover, the market values of the plan assets are
subject to volatility, which also impacts the net liability.

Inflation risk — The pension liabilities can be sensitive to movements in the
inflation rate, whereby a higher inflation rate could lead to an increasing
liability. Since some pension plans are directly related to salaries, increases
in compensations could result in increasing pension obligations. For the
deferred compensation plan P3, which is financed by the employees a fixed
interest rate has been agreed.

Interest rate risk — The level of the DBO is significantly impacted by the
applied discount rate. The low interest rates in recent years, particular in
the euro-denominated market environment, lead to a relatively high net
pension liability. If there is again a decline in returns of corporate bonds,
the DBO will increase in future periods, which might only be offset partially

Longevity risk — The pension liabilities are sensitive to the life expectancy
of its members. Rising life expectancies lead to an increase in the valuation
of the DBO.

Main average assumptions
The weighted average assumptions used in calculating the actuarial values of the most significant retirement plans as of 31 December 2024 are as follows:
Pension plans in

Germany
(Rate in %)

2024

France

2023

2024

2023

UK
2024

2023

Participation in
BAE Systems
Pension Scheme in the UK
2024

2023

Canada
2024

2023

Discount rate

3.5

3.4

3.5

3.4

5.6

4.5

5.5

4.5

4.7

4.6

Rate of compensation increase

3.1

3.4

2.7

3.0

3.3

3.2

3.3

3.2

3.0

3.0

Rate of pension increase

2.1

2.4

1.8

2.1

3.0

2.9

3.0

3.0

2.0

2.0

Inflation rate

2.1

2.4

1.8

2.1

3.1

3.0

3.2

3.1

2.0

2.0

Discount rate — For Germany and France, the Company derives the
discount rate used to determine the DBO from yields on high quality
corporate bonds with an AA rating. The determination of the discount rate
is based on the iBoxx € Corporates AA bond data and uses the granularity
of single bond data in order to receive more market information from the
given bond index. The discount rate for the estimated duration of the
respective pension plan is then extrapolated along the yield curve. In the UK,
it is determined with reference to the full yield curve of AA-rated sterlingdenominated corporate bonds of varying maturities. In Canada the discount
rate is determined based on the yield of corporate bonds with AA rating.
The salary increase rates are based on long-term expectations of the
respective employers, derived from the assumed inflation rate and adjusted
by promotional or productivity scales.
Rate of pension increase — Rates for pension payment increases are
derived from the respective inflation rate for the plan.

Inflation rates — Inflation rate for German and French plans corresponds
to the expected long-term increase in cost of living. In the UK, the inflation
assumptions are derived by reference to the difference between the
yields on index-linked and fixed-interest long-term government bonds.
Mortality tables — For the calculation of the German pension obligation,
the “2018 G” mortality tables (generation tables) as developed by
Professor Dr. Klaus Heubeck are applied, while the disability rates of the
Heubeck Tables have been reduced to 30%, to align with actual observation.
For the UK schemes, the Self-Administered Pensions S2 mortality tables
based on year of birth (as published by the Institute of Actuaries) is used in
conjunction with the results of an investigation into the actual mortality
experience of scheme members. In France, Institute for French Statistics
(“INSEE”) tables are applied.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

51

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

Funded status for retirement and deferred compensation plans
The development of the funded status for retirement and deferred compensation plans is set out below:
DBO

Plan assets

Participation in
Pension
BAE Systems
plans of Pension Scheme
the Company
in the UK

(In € million)

Balance at 1 January 2023

Total

Participation in
Pension
BAE Systems
plans of Pension Scheme
the Company
in the UK

Total

Total
Funded
status

12,936

2,768

15,704

(9,683)

(3,154)

(12,837)

2,867

Service cost (including past service cost)

282

38

320

–

–

–

320

Interest cost and income

454

138

592

(342)

(156)

(498)

94

(7)

15

8

–

–

–

8

changes in financial assumptions

365

172

537

–

–

–

537

changes in experience adjustments

(209)

101

(108)

–

–

–

(108)

Remeasurements: actuarial (gains) and losses
arising from
changes in demographic assumptions

–

–

–

(515)

107

(408)

(408)

Changes in consolidation, transfers and others

plan assets

(67)

–

(67)

(12)

–

(12)

(79)

Benefits paid

(437)

(113)

(550)

156

113

269

(281)

Contributions by employer and other plan participants

80

1

81

(567)

(107)

(674)

(593)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

16

57

73

(23)

(65)

(88)

(15)

13,413

3,177

16,590

(10,986)

(3,262)

(14,248)

2,342

Balance at 31 December 2023
Service cost (including past service cost)

319

42

361

–

–

–

361

Interest cost and income

435

145

580

(360)

(147)

(507)

73

changes in demographic assumptions

(20)

(5)

(25)

–

–

–

(25)

changes in financial assumptions

(554)

(391)

(945)

–

–

–

(945)

changes in experience adjustments

188

(47)

141

Remeasurements: actuarial (gains) and losses
arising from

plan assets
Changes in consolidation, transfers and others

(80)

–

(80)

Benefits paid

–

–

–

141

(215)

262

47

47

(14)

–

(14)

(94)

(469)

(125)

(594)

163

125

288

(306)

Contributions by employer and other plan participants

86

1

87

(456)

(56)

(512)

(425)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

43

146

189

(61)

(153)

(214)

(25)

13,361

2,943

16,304

(11,929)

(3,231)

(15,160)

1,144

Balance at 31 December 2024

The figures shown in the table include the surplus in two pension funds in
the UK and one in Canada, resulting from a defined benefit obligation and
assets of € 4,137 million and € 4,814 million that have been accounted as a
non-current asset (2023: € 4,360 million and € 4,733 million respectively).

The past service cost included in the service cost amounts to € 2 million and
€ -6 million as of 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively. The employer
contributions amount to € 505 million and € 7 million for other plan
participants during 2024 (2023: € 668 million and € 6 million respectively).

In the figures shown in the table, amounts of € 1,949 million and
€ 1,890 million are included for the defined benefit obligation and plan
assets for deferred compensation plans in Germany (2023: € 1,873 million
and € 1,712 million respectively).

Additionally, the Company considers liabilities for lump sum payments
(one-off payment or lump sum instalments) under the German P3 pension
arrangement in the total amount of € 210 million and € 194 million as of
31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively.

52

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

2
The funding of the plans is as follows:
31 December
2024

2023

(In € million)

DBO

Plan assets

DBO

Plan assets

Unfunded pension plans

374

–

368

–

Funded pension plans (partial)

15,930

(15,160)

16,222

(14,248)

Total

16,304

(15,160)

16,590

(14,248)

As of 31 December 2024, provisions for pensions decreased by
€ 894 million. It mainly reflects the contributions to plan assets of
€ 402 million and the actuarial gains on pension obligations from financial
assumptions of € 376 million driven by the increase in the discount rates
as well as the decrease in the inflation assumptions.
In 2024, employer contributions for retirement and deferred compensation
plans amount to € 505 million. This consists of:
• payments made to the pension and deferred compensation plans of the
Company in Germany, UK and Canada of € 449 million (2023: € 247 million),
mainly relating to a Contractual Trust Arrangement in Germany of
€ 333 million (2023: € 171 million), the relief fund in Germany of
€ 52 million (2023: € 0 million) and the Company UK scheme of
€ 50 million (2023: € 57 million);

• payments made of € 1 million (2023: € 314 million) to partially fund the
retirement indemnities provisions in France;
• payments made to the participation in BAE Systems Pension Scheme
in the UK of € 55 million (2023: € 107 million).
Contributions of approximately € 500 million are expected to be made in 2025.
The weighted average duration of the DBO for retirement plans and
deferred compensation is 14 years at 31 December 2024 (31 December
2023: 15 years).

Pension obligations by countries and type of beneficiaries
The split of the DBO for retirement plans and deferred compensation between active, deferred and pensioner members for the most significant plans is
as follows:
Active

Deferred

Pensioner

Germany

44%

10%

46%

France

99%

0%

1%

UK

51%

19%

30%

Participation in BAE System Pension Scheme (Main Scheme)

35%

13%

52%

Canada

82%

2%

16%

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

53

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

Pension obligations and plan assets by countries and type of plans
The split of the pension obligations and plan assets for retirement plans and deferred compensation for the most significant plans is as follows:
Present value of DBO

Germany

Plan assets

Retirement
plans

Deferred
Compensation
plans

Retirement
plans

Deferred
Compensation
plans

81%

19%

80%

20%

France

100%

0%

100%

0%

UK

100%

0%

100%

0%

Participation in BAE System Pension Scheme (Main Scheme)

100%

0%

100%

0%

Canada

100%

0%

100%

0%

Pension obligations sensitivity to main assumptions
The following table shows how the present value of the DBO of retirement plans and deferred compensation would have been influenced by changes in
the actuarial assumptions as set out for 31 December 2024:
Impact on DBO
Change in
actuarial assumptions

Rate of compensation increase

Rate of pension increase

Life expectancy

Sensitivities are calculated based on the same method (present value of
the DBO calculated with the projected unit credit method) as applied
when calculating the post-employment benefit obligations. The sensitivity
analyses are based on a change of one assumption while holding all other

54

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2024

2023

16,304

16,590

Increase by 0.5%–point

(1,037)

(1,109)

Decrease by 0.5%–point

1,157

1,242

Increase by 0.25%–point

76

88

Present value of the DBO
Discount rate

Change at 31 December

Decrease by 0.25%–point

(74)

(83)

Increase by 0.25%–point

226

246

Decrease by 0.25%–point

(219)

(238)

Increase by one year

367

394

assumptions constant. This is unlikely to occur in practice and changes of
more than one assumption may be correlated leading to different impacts
on the DBO than disclosed above. If the assumptions change at a different
level, the effect on the DBO is not necessarily in a linear relation.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

2
Plan assets allocation
The fair value of the plan assets for retirement plans and deferred compensation can be allocated to the following classes:
2024

2023

Quoted
prices

Unquoted
prices

Total

Quoted
prices

Unquoted
prices

Total

Europe

546

–

546

475

–

475

Rest of the world

178

–

178

167

–

167

(In € million)

Equity securities

216

–

216

206

–

206

1,319

1,269

2,588

1,195

976

2,171

Corporates

3,780

1,055

4,835

3,842

1,027

4,869

Governments

3,717

–

3,717

3,067

–

3,067

719

–

719

640

–

640

–

–

–

–

–

–

Emerging markets
Global
Bonds

Pooled investments vehicles
Commodities
Hedge funds

–

–

–

–

–

–

Derivatives

–

(35)

(35)

–

(14)

(14)

Property

–

974

974

–

935

935

Cash and money market funds

187

112

299

320

193

513

–

1,123

1,123

–

1,219

1,219

10,662

4,498

15,160

9,912

4,336

14,248

Others
Balance at 31 December

The majority of funded plans apply broadly an asset-liability matching
framework. The strategic asset allocation of the plans takes into account
the characteristics of the underlying obligations. Investments are widely
diversified, such that the failure of any single investment would not have a
material impact on the overall level of assets. A large portion of assets in 2024

consists of fixed income and equity instruments, although the Company also
invests in property, private markets and other alternatives. The Company
reassesses the characteristics of the pension obligations from time to time
or as required by the applicable regulation or governance framework. This
typically triggers a subsequent review of the strategic asset allocation.

Funded status by countries
The funded status for retirement and deferred compensation plans can be allocated to the countries as follows:
Pension plans of the Company

Canada

Total

Germany

France

DBO

10,310

1,378

1,128

545

2,943

16,304

Plan assets

9,607

344

1,516

462

3,231

15,160

703

1,034

(388)

83

(288)

1,144

10,360

1,353

1,183

517

3,177

16,590

(In € million)

Balance at 31 December 2024
DBO

UK

Participation in
BAE Systems
Pension
Scheme
in the UK

Plan assets

8,768

333

1,471

414

3,262

14,248

Balance at 31 December 2023

1,592

1,020

(288)

103

(85)

2,342

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

55

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

Contributions to defined contribution plans
Employer’s contribution to state and private pension plans, mainly in Germany and France, are to be considered as defined contribution plans. Contributions
in 2024 amounted to € 843 million (2023: € 723 million).

32.	Share-based Payment
Share-based compensation — From 2016 to 2020, the Company operated
a Performance Units and Performance Shares Plan. Performance Units
qualify as a cash-settled share-based payment plan under IFRS 2 and
Performance Shares qualify as an equity-settled share-based payment
plan under IFRS 2.
Since 2021, the Company operates only a Performance Shares Plan.
Plans granting Restricted Units, Performance Units and/or Performance
Shares are also mentioned as “LTIP” in the following notes.
Since 2018, the Company also operates exceptional grants of Performance
and Restricted Units as well as Performance and Restricted Shares under an
Equity Pool. Such exceptional grants are validated by specific resolutions
from the Board of Directors and qualify as cash-settled or equity-settled
share-based payment plans under IFRS 2. Accounting principles and
methodology are the ones applied for LTIP as described below.
For cash-settled plans, provisions for associated services received are
measured at fair value by multiplying the number of units expected to vest
with the fair value of one LTIP unit at the end of each reporting period, taking
into account the extent to which the employees have rendered service to

date. Changes of the fair value are recognised as personnel expenses of
the period, leading to a re-measurement of the provision. The fair value of
Performance Units is re-measured at each closing date as far as they are
not paid.
For equity-settled plans, compensation expense is measured at the grant
date at the fair value by multiplying the number of shares expected to vest
by the fair value of one LTIP share taking into account the extent to which
the employees have rendered service to date. The compensation expense
is accounted for over the vesting period of each LTIP equity-settled plans.
The fair value of each LTIP share (equity or cash-settled plans) is determined
using a forward pricing model and is based on publicly available risk-free
rate, volatility and dividend rate.
Besides the equity-settled plans described above, the Employee Share
Ownership Plan (“ESOP”) is an additional equity-settled share-based
payment plan. Under this plan, the Company offers its employees Airbus SE
shares at fair value matched with a number of free shares based on a
determining ratio. The fair value of shares provided is reflected as personnel
expenses in the Company’s Consolidated Income Statement with a
corresponding increase in equity.

32.1 LTIP
The Company hedges the share price risk inherent in the cash-settled LTIP
units by entering into equity swaps where the reference price is based on
the Airbus SE share price. To the extent that cash-settled LTIP units are
hedged, compensation expense recognised for these units will effectively
reflect the reference price fixed under the equity swaps. In order to avoid
any dilution of its current shareholders out of equity-settled LTIP units, the
Company used to perform share buybacks to meet its obligations to its
employees, following the decisions of the Board of Directors and approval
of the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).

In 2024, compensation expenses for LTIPs (incl. Equity Pool) including the
effect of the equity swaps amounted to € 77 million (2023: € 72 million),
among which € 11 million for cash-settled plans (2023: € 22 million) and
€ 66 million for equity-settled plans (2023: € 50 million).
As of 31 December 2024, provisions of € 38 million (2023: € 72 million)
relating to LTIP units (cash-settled) have been accounted for.
The lifetime of the Performance Units as well as Performance Shares is
contractually fixed (see the description of the respective tranche in the
following table). For the units, the measurement is next to other market
data, mainly affected by the share price as of the end of the reporting
period (€ 154.78 as of 31 December 2024) and the lifetime of the units.

The fair value of units and shares granted in the frame of the LTIP 2024 plan is as follows:
Expected vesting date
(In € per unit/share granted)

May 2028 – Performance Shares

56

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

Fair value of
Performance Shares

156.94

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

2
The principal characteristics of the LTIPs as of 31 December 2024 are summarised below:
LTIP 2019(7)

LTIP 2020(8)

29 October
2019

Grant date(1)

LTIP 2021(9)

28 October
2020

15 December
2021

LTIP 2022

LTIP 2023

LTIP 2024

14 December
2022

14 December
2023

12 December
2024

Performance Units and Performance Shares Plan
Units

Shares

Units

Shares

Shares

Shares

Shares

Shares

Number of units/shares granted

247,508

246,508

420,004

420,004

520,870

649,373

558,055

546,855

Fair value at grant date(3)

€112.83/
€108.44

€112.92

€51.04/
€46.98

€55.49

€89.83

€110.85

€141.80

€156.94

–

n.a.

131.37

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

4,343

4,252

2,473

2,473

19,693

23,156

5,260

–

–

–

279,880

–

478,833

643,656

556,669

546,582

1,785

1,579

1,584

1,612

Units/Shares
(2)

Fair Value of performance units
as of 31 December 2024(3)
Number of units/shares granted
through Equity Pool(4)
Number of units/shares outstanding

(5)

Total number of eligible beneficiaries
Vesting conditions

Limited Share price per unit
at vesting dates to(6)
Expected Vesting dates

Number of accelerated
vested units/shares(10)
Number of vested units/shares
(1)
(2)

(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)

(7)
(8)
(9)
(10)

1,576

1,603

The Performance Units and Performance Shares will vest if the participant is still employed by a company of the Group at the
respective vesting dates and upon achievement of mid–term business performance. Vesting schedule is made up of two
payments over two years for units, one date of delivery for shares.
€244.12

n.a.

€136.08

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

50% each in
June 2023
and in
June 2024

100% in
May 2023

50% each in
June 2024
and in
June 2025

100% in
May 2024

100% in
May 2025

100% in
May 2026

100% in
May 2027

100% in
May 2028

–

–

710

710

495

152

125

–

110,293

109,802

285,298

563,414

–

–

–

–

Date, when the vesting conditions were determined.
Based on 100% target performance achievement. A minimum of 50% of Performance Units will vest; 100% in case of on-target performance achievement; up to a maximum of 150%
in case of overachievement of performance criteria. In case of absolute negative results (cumulative EBIT of the Company) during the performance period, the Board of Directors can
decide to review the vesting of the Performance Units including the 50% portion which is not subject to performance conditions (additional vesting condition).
Values are provided for units corresponding per vesting date.
Mirroring the respective plan rules and regulations, but granted at a different date based on specific Board of Directors’ resolutions.
Including 8,275 Performance Shares granted through the Equity Pool in 2024.
Corresponds to 200% of the respective reference share price. Overall, the pay-out for Performance Units is limited to a total amount of 250% of the units originally granted, each valued
with the respective reference share price of € 122.06 (for LTIP 2019), € 68.04 (for LTIP 2020).
Based on performance achievement of 50% for Performance Units under LTIP 2019.
Based on performance achievement of 150% for Performance Units under LTIP 2020.
Based on performance achievement of 96% for Performance Units under LTIP 2021.
Accelerated vesting following the death of a beneficiary.

Additionally, the Board of Directors approved in 2024 the exceptional grant
of 252 Restricted Units and 12,664 Restricted Shares (2023: 988 Units and
23,414 Shares) under the Equity Pool with an average fair value of € 122.53.
In 2024, 28,253 Shares have vested (2023: 1,138 Units and 14,117 Shares).

The number of units granted under the Equity Pool and outstanding as of
31 December 2024 is 1,671 Units and 46,001 Shares (2023: 1,149 Units and
63,368 Shares).

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

57

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

32.2 ESOP
In 2024, the Board of Directors approved a new ESOP scheme, like in 2023.
Eligible employees were able to purchase a fixed number of shares at fair
market value (5, 10, 15, 30, 60 or 100 shares in 2024 and in 2023). The
Company matched each fixed number of shares with a number of the
Company free shares based on a determined ratio ( 5, 9, 12, 20, 35, 55 free
shares in 2024 and in 2023, before reduction in case of oversubscription).
During a custody period of at least three years, employees are restricted from
selling or transferring the shares, but have the right to receive all dividends
paid. Employees who directly purchased the Airbus SE shares have, in
addition, the ability to vote at the Annual Shareholder Meetings. The
subscription price was equal to the closing price at the Paris stock exchange
on 14 February 2024 (2023: 15 February 2023) and amounted to € 150.26
(2023: € 119.06) higher share price ever. Investing through a mutual fund led
to a price which corresponds to the average price at the Paris stock exchange

during the 20 trading days immediately preceding 14 February 2024
(2023: 15 February 2023), resulting in a price of € 149.20 (2023: € 116.68).
In 2024, the company sold 2,096,115 ordinary shares (2023:1,314,184) with a
nominal value of € 1.00 each (so called subscribed shares): 662,109 sourced
via share issuance (2023: 1,314,184) and 1,434,006 through share buy back.
In 2024, the Company distributed 1,403,857 matching ordinary shares
(2023: 876,419) with a nominal value of € 1.00 each: 1,162,140 sourced via
share issuance (2023: 876,419) and 241,717 through share buy back.
Compensation expense (including social security contributions) of
€ 273 million (2023: € 118 million) was recognised in connection with ESOP
in 2024.

33.	Remuneration
33.1 Remuneration – Executive Committee
The Company’s key management personnel consists of Members of the Executive Committee and Non-Executive Board Members. The Chief Executive
Officer (“CEO”), who chairs the Executive Committee, is the sole Executive Board Member. The annual remuneration and related compensation costs of
the key management personnel as expensed in the respective year can be summarised as follows:
2024

2023(2)

19.8

18.3

Post-employment benefit costs

5.5

2.4

Share-based remuneration (“LTIP award”, including associated hedge result)

11.0

9.5

Termination benefits

1.9

0

Other benefits

0.4

0.3

6.9

5.7

Short-term benefits (including social charges)

3.2

3.0

Total expense recognised

48.7

39.2

(In € million)

Executive Committee, including Executive Board Member
Salaries and other short-term benefits (including bonuses)

Social charges

(1)

Non-Executive Board Members

(1)
(2)

Costs of benefits provided through applicable mandatory collective and social security plans are accounted for among social charges.
2023 figures have been restated to reflect late changes already included in the “Airbus Annual Report 2023”

Salaries and Other Short-Term Benefits (Including Bonuses)

The amount of bonuses is based on estimated performance achievement as
at the balance sheet date and difference between previous year estimation
and actual pay-out in the current year. Outstanding short-term benefits
(bonuses) at year-end 2024 for Executive Committee Members based on
estimated performance achievement at year-end was € 10.0 million (2023:
€ 9.5 million).

Post-Employment and Other Long-Term Benefits

The post-employment and other long-term benefits defined obligation for
the Executive Committee, including the CEO, amounted to € 19.6 million as
of 31 December 2024 (2023: € 15.0 million). The disclosed post-employment

58

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

In order to support the Company’s target of reducing its Scope 1 and 2
carbon emissions by 63% by 2030, the Board of Directors decided to
translate this ambition into a concrete objective and include the CO2 reduction
target in the collective variable remuneration of the CEO and all executives.

and other long-term benefits reflect the total outstanding balance for all
Executive Committee Members in charge at the end of the respective
balance sheet date.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

2
Share-Based Remuneration (“LTIP Award”)

The share-based payment expenses result from not yet forfeited units and
shares granted to the Executive Committee Members under the Company’s
LTIP which are re-measured at fair value according to the methodology
described in “– Note 32: Share-based Payment”.
For LTIP 2024, the Members of the Executive Committee were granted
58,728 Performance Shares (2023: 65,939). The respective fair value of
these Shares at grant date was € 10.2 million (2023: € 10.3 million).

Termination Benefits

The following benefits apply to Executive Committee Members, except
the CEO.
In the case of contract termination, the Executive Committee Members are
entitled to an indemnity equal to 1.5 times the Total Target Remuneration
(defined as Base Salary and target Annual Variable Remuneration) with
respect to applicable local legal requirements, if any.
This will not apply if the Executive Committee mandate is terminated for
cause, in case of dismissal, if the Executive Committee Member resigns or
has reached retirement age.
The Executive Committee Members’ contract includes a non-compete
clause which applies for a minimum of one year and can be extended at
the Company’s initiative for a further year. The Board of Directors has the
discretion to waive or invoke the extension of the non-compete clause

As of 31 December 2024, provisions of € 4.6 million (2023: € 8.6 million)
relating to LTIP have been recognised. The total number of outstanding
Performance Units and Performance Shares granted to the current
Members of the Executive Committee amounted to 33,455 and 270,246
respectively as of 31 December 2024 (2023: 70,992 Performance Units
and 273,325 Performance Shares).

when legally or contractually possible. The compensation for each year
that the non-compete clause applies is equal to 50% of the last Total
Annual Remuneration (defined as Base Salary and Annual Variable
Remuneration most recently paid) with respect to applicable local legal
requirements, if any.
Past LTIP awards may be maintained in full or prorated, in such cases as in
case of retirement or if a mandate is not renewed by the Company without
cause, pro rata being based on the presence in the Company during
performance periods. The vesting of past LTIP awards follows the plans’
rules and regulations and is not accelerated in any case. LTIP awards are
forfeited for Executives who leave the Company on their own initiative, but
this is subject to review by the Board of Directors.
The termination benefits include assumptions about all effective, known or
planned terminations to date.

Other Benefits

Other benefits include expenses for Executive Committee Members’ medical, death and disability coverage, company car and other usual facilities
as applicable.

33.2 Remuneration – CEO
The annual remuneration and related compensation costs of the CEO as expensed in the respective year can be summarised as follows:
2024

2023

Base salary

1,485,000

1,485,000

(In €)

Annual variable pay

1,692,900

1,945,350

Post-employment benefit costs

1,121,057

(1,049,054)

Share-based remuneration (“LTIP award”)(1)

2,117,379

1,997,522

–

–

Other benefits

35,292

34,969

Social charges(2)

1,539,606

1,312,061

Termination benefits

(1)

(2)

Expense related to share-based payment plans as recognised in the annual period (service period) including the result from the hedge of cash-settled share-based payment (see
“– Note 32: Share-Based Payment”).
Social charges depend on the applicable regulation to the CEO. In France, social charges comprise benefits accrued through mandatory collective and state plans such as pension,
death and disability or medical coverage.

Annual Variable Pay

The annual variable pay is based on estimated performance achievement as at the balance sheet date and difference between the previous year’s
estimation and actual pay-out in the current year.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

59

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

Post-Employment Benefit Costs

Post-employment benefit costs relate to the aggregated amount of
current service and interest costs for defined benefit plan and company
cost for contributions base plans.

defined benefit commitment amounts to € 4,172,786 (2023: € 3,875,518).
This obligation has been accrued in the 2024 Consolidated Financial
Statements and will be updated annually up to the retirement date of the
CEO considering additional service cost and future changes on economic
assumptions or other factors like salary increase.

Following the Board decision approved in the AGM 2020, the CEO pension
rights are accrued through a defined contributions plan from 1 January 2020,
which coexists with the former defined benefit pension plan.

For the fiscal year 2024, the cost related to the CEO’s pension rights
accrued under Company’s plans during the year represented an expense
of € 1,121,057 (2023: net profit of €1,049,054 composed by an expense of
€ 1,404,951 and the effect of the French pension reform leading to a release
of provision of € 2,454,006).

The accrued pension rights under the former defined benefit plan have been
frozen at the end of 2019 and remain unvested until the retirement date of
the CEO. The pension rights arising from the Company’s defined contribution
plan are deducted from the frozen defined pension rights.

The annual cost of pension rights accrued under applicable mandatory
collective and state pension plans are accounted for among social charges.

As of 31 December 2024, the defined benefit obligation related to the frozen

Share-based Remuneration

The table below gives an overview of the interests of the CEO, under the various LTIPs of the Company:
Granted Date

LTIP 2019

LTIP 2020

LTIP 2021

LTIP 2022

LTIP 2023

LTIP 2024

11,060

19,840

12,121

14,115

11,619

10,839

Revaluation

50%

150%

96%

100%

100%

100%

Performance Units and Shares revalued

5,531

29,760

11,636

14,115

11,619

10,839

1,383

7,440

–

–

–

–

–

14,880

–

–

–

–

in cash

–

7,440

–

–

–

–

in shares

–

–

11,636

14,115

11,619

10,839

May 2025

May 2026

May 2027

May 2028

Performance Units and Shares

Vested in 2024
in cash
in shares
Outstanding 2024

Vesting schedule
Cash-settled units
Equity-settled units

For vesting dates, see Note 32.1 LTIP
May 2023

Vesting of all Performance Units and Performance Shares granted to the
CEO is subject to performance conditions.

May 2024

As of 31 December 2024, provisions of €1,067,651 (2023: € 2,074,739)
relating to Performance Units have been recognised. The pay-out from
vested cash-settled LTIP in 2024 was € 1,065,916 (2023: € 304,862)
excluding social charges.

Termination Benefits

The termination benefit applicable to the CEO is described in the Company’s Remuneration policy.

Other Benefits

As stipulated in the Company’s Remuneration Policy, the benefits offered to
the CEO are similar to the benefits granted to other executives of the Company
and comprise, among other matters, medical, death and disability coverage
(both through the French social security system and mandatory collective
Company’s plans), a company car and usual facilities. Costs of benefits
provided through applicable mandatory collective and social security plans

60

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

are accounted for among social charges. The monetary value of other benefits
provided to the CEO in 2024 amounted to € 35,292 (2023: € 34,969).
The Company has not provided any loans to, advances to and guarantees
on behalf of the CEO.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.6 Employees Costs and Benefits

2
33.3 Remuneration – Board of Directors
The remuneration of the Non-Executive Members of the Board of Directors was as follows:
2023(7)

2024
Fixum(1)

(In €)

Attendance
Fees(2)

Total

Fixum(1)

Attendance
Fees(2)

Total

Non-Executive Board Members
René Obermann

500,000

120,000

620,000

500,000(3)

105,000

605,000(3)

Victor Chu

150,000

66,500

216,500

150,000

62,000

212,000

Jean-Pierre Clamadieu

210,000

82,000

292,000

210,000

76,000

286,000

Mark Dunkerley

180,000

110,000

290,000

180,000

94,000

274,000

Stephan Gemkow

150,000

81,000

231,000

150,000

76,000

226,000

Catherine Guillouard

210,000

86,000

296,000

210,000

63,000

273,000

Amparo Moraleda

210,000

82,000

292,000

210,000

69,500

279,500

Claudia Nemat

150,000

67,500

217,500

150,000

56,500

206,500

Irene Rummelhoff

150,000

78,000

228,000

150,000

55,000

205,000

Antony Wood

150,000

86,000

236,000

141,050

70,000

211,050

Dr Fei Yu Xu(5)

108,791

60,000

168,791

–

–

–

(4)

Former Non-Executive Board Members
Ralph D. Crosby, Jr.(6)
Total
(1)

(2)

(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)

75,000

15,000

90,000

150,000

70,000

220,000

2,243,791

934,000

3,177,791

2,201,050

797,000

2,998,050

Fixum includes a base fee for Board membership and the relevant Committee membership as the case may be (Audit Committee, Remuneration, Nomination and Governance
Committee (“RNGC”) and Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee (“ECSC”). The fixum for the year 2024 was paid 50% in January 2024 and 50% in July 2024. The fixum
for the year 2023 was paid 50% in January 2023 and 50% in July 2023.
2024 attendance fees include the Board attendance fees and the fees in relation to the relevant Committee (Audit Committee, RNGC and ECSC) meetings. The Board attendance
fees related to the first semester 2024 were paid in July 2024, those related to the second semester 2024 were paid in January 2025. The Committees’ attendance fees related to
the full year 2024 were paid in January 2025.
Amount before donation to several charitable organisations by the chairman of the portion exceeding his fixed remuneration perceived in 2022 as mentioned in the 2023 Board report.
Member of the Audit Committee since 19 April 2023.
Member of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee since 10 April 2024.
Member of the Board and ECSC until 10 April 2024.
2023 figures have been restated to reflect late changes already included in the “Airbus Annual Report 2023”.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

61

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments
34.	Total Equity
34.1 Equity Attributable to Owners of the Parent
The Company’s shares are exclusively ordinary shares with a par value of € 1.00. The following table shows the development of the number of shares
issued and fully paid:
(In number of shares)

Issued at 1 January
Issued for ESOP
Issued at 31 December
Treasury shares
Outstanding at 31 December

Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to dividends and to one vote per
share at general meetings of the Company.
Equity attributable to owners of the parent (including purchased treasury
shares) amounts to € 19,606 million (2023: € 17,695 million) representing
an increase of € +1,911 million. This is mainly due to the net income for
the period of € +4,232 million and partly offset by a dividend payment of
€ -2,215 million (a dividend of € 1.80 per share and a special one of 1.00 €
per share).
Capital stock comprises the nominal amount of shares outstanding. The
addition to capital stock represents the contribution for exercised options
by employees of € 1,824,249 (2023: € 2,254,426) in compliance with the
implemented ESOPs.
Share premium mainly results from contributions in kind in the course of
the creation of the Company, cash contributions from the Company’s
initial public offering, capital increases and reductions due to the issuance
and cancellation of shares.
Retained earnings include mainly the profit for the period and the changes
in other comprehensive income from remeasurements of the defined
benefit pension plans net of tax which amounts to € +672 million in 2024
(2023: € -284 million).
On 10 April 2024, the AGM decided to distribute a gross amount of € 1.80 per
share and a special dividend of € 1.00 per share, which was paid on 18 April
2024. For the fiscal year 2024, the Board of Directors will propose the
payment of a dividend of € 2.00 per share and a special dividend of € 1.00
per share to the 2024 Annual General Meeting taking place on 15 April 2025.
The proposed payment date is 24 April 2025.

2024

2023

790,459,434

788,205,008

1,824,249

2,254,426

792,283,683

790,459,434

(4,327,432)

(3,037,467)

787,956,251

787,421,967

Treasury shares represent the amount paid or payable for own shares
held in treasury. During 2024, the number of treasury stock held by the
Company increased to 4,327,432 compared to 3,037,467 as of 31 December
2023, mainly due to the share buybacks partly offset by delivery of shares
under ESOP in 2024 and vested shares under LTIP 2020 (see “– Note 32:
Share-based Payment”). No shares were sold back to the market nor
cancelled (2023: 0 shares).
On 10 April 2024, the AGM of the Company authorised the Board of Directors,
for a period expiring at the AGM to be held in 2025, to issue shares and to
grant rights to subscribe for shares in the Company’s share capital for the
purpose of:
• ESOPs and share-related LTIPs, provided that such powers shall be
limited to an aggregate of 0.18% of the Company’s authorised share
capital (see “– Note 32: Share‑based Payment”);
• funding the Company and its subsidiaries, provided that such powers
shall be limited to an aggregate of 0.3% of the Company’s authorised
share capital (see “– Note 36.3: Financing Liabilities”).
For each operation, such powers shall not extend to issuing shares or granting
rights to subscribe for shares if there is no preferential subscription right and
for an aggregate issue price in excess of € 500 million per share issuance.
On 10 April 2024, the AGM authorised the Board of Directors for an 18-month
period to repurchase up to 10% of the Company’s issued share capital at
a price per share not less than the nominal value and not more than the
higher of the price of the last independent trade and the highest current
independent bid on the trading venues of the regulated market of the
country in which the purchase is carried out.
Furthermore, the AGM authorised the Board of Directors to determine on a
case-by-case basis the share repurchase programmes to be implemented
by the Company, if any.

34.2 Non-Controlling Interests
The non-controlling interests (“NCI”) from non-wholly owned subsidiaries increased to € 90 million as of 31 December 2024 (2023: € 35 million). These
NCI do not have a material interest in the Company’s activities and cash flows.

62

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

2
35.	Capital Management
The Company seeks to maintain a strong financial profile to safeguard its
going concern, financial flexibility as well as shareholders’, credit rating
agencies’, credit investors’ and other stakeholders’ confidence in the
Company. Consequently, operating liquidity is of great importance.

As part of its capital management, it is one of the Company’s objectives to
maintain a strong credit rating by institutional rating agencies. This enables
the Company to contain its cost of capital which positively impacts its
stakeholder value (entity value). Next to other non-financial parameters, the
credit rating is based on financial indicators such as cash flow, profitability,
leverage ratios and liquidity ratios. The Company monitors these ratios to
keep them in a range compatible with a strong rating.

Rating agency
Long-term
rating

Outlook

Short-term
rating

Standard and Poor’s

A

Stable

A–1

Moody’s Investors Services

A2

Positive

P–1

Fitch Ratings (unsolicited)

A–

Positive

F1

The stand-alone rating reflects the Company’s strong backlog providing
revenue visibility, dominant market position in the single-aisle market,
operating performance and overall its strong positioning to benefit from the
recovery in air travel demand. It also reflects Airbus’ exceptional liquidity,
solid balance sheet as well as its prudent financial policy. Finally, it reflects
the management’s focus on programme execution, profitability and cash
generation improvement.

Change of securities, Contribution to plan assets for pensions, realised
Treasury swaps and bank activities.

In accordance with the Company’s conservative financial policy, a strong
rating is key to maintain a wide array of funding sources at competitive
conditions, to have broad access to long-term hedging and to strengthen
the Company’s position as a financially sound counterparty for its customers
and suppliers.

The Company generally satisfies its obligations arising from ESOPs and
Share Incentive Plans (“SIPs”) by issuing new shares. In order to avoid any
dilution of its current shareholders out of ESOP, Share Incentive Plans (“SIPs”)
and LTIPs, the Company performs share buybacks to meet its obligations
to its employees, following the decisions of the Board of Directors and
approval of the AGM. Apart from this purpose, the Company generally
does not trade with treasury shares.

Every year, the Company constructs a five-year plan used to assess its
financial flexibility at current ratings and a value creation ambition. It is
composed of (i) EBIT and (ii) Free Cash Flow, which is defined as Cash
provided by operating activities and Cash used for investing activities less

The Company uses the WACC to determine the Net Present Value (“NPV”),
which is used for any investment decision.
The Company also monitors the level of dividends paid to its shareholders.

The Company complies with the capital requirements under applicable
law and its Articles of Association.

36.	Net Cash
The net cash is comprised of the following elements:
31 December
2024

2023

Cash and cash equivalents

15,003

16,469

Current securities

2,829

1,301

Non-current securities

9,032

7,508

Gross cash position

26,864

25,278

Short-term financing liabilities

(3,924)

(3,389)

Long-term financing liabilities

(10,355)

(10,202)

(In € million)

Interest rate contracts
Total

(832)

(961)

11,753

10,726

The net cash position on 31 December 2024 amounted to € 11,753 million (2023: € 10,726 million), with a gross cash position of € 26,864 million (2023:
€ 25,278 million).

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

63

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

Derivative instruments recognised on the Company’s Statement of Financial
Position consist of (i) instruments that are entered into as hedges of the
Company’s operating activities or interest result, and (ii) embedded foreign
currency derivatives that arise from separating the foreign currency
component from certain operating contracts. Cash flows resulting from

the settlement of these derivatives are therefore recorded as part of cash
flow from operations. Similarly, financial assets and liabilities arising from
customer financing activities and refundable advances from European
Governments are considered part of operating activities and related cash
flows are hence recognised as cash flows from operating activities.

36.1 Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents are composed of the following elements:
31 December
(In € million)

2024

2023

Bank account and petty cash

4,219

3,050

Short-term securities (at fair value through profit or loss)

10,042

12,409

Short-term securities (at fair value through OCI)
Total cash and cash equivalents

Only securities with a maturity of three months or less from the date of the
acquisition, that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which
are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, are recognised in
cash equivalents.
Cash and cash equivalents have decreased by € +1.5 billion from € 16.5 billion
as of 31 December 2023 to € 15.0 billion as of 31 December 2024. They
include payments received in advance from certain customers and payments
made to suppliers in anticipation.

742

1,010

15,003

16,469

The main variations are as follows:
Cash provided by operating activities amounts to € +7.4 billion in 2024,
primarily driven by a profit translated into cash and a positive impact from
working capital. The latter is driven by larger contract liabilities reflecting
higher advance payments including significant and anticipated pre‑delivery
payments from certain customers, partly offset by increase in inventory
and a net negative impact from payments made to suppliers in anticipation.
Cash used for investing activities amounts to € -6.7 billion, mainly reflecting
capital expenditure and investments in securities.
Cash used for financing activities amounts to € -2.6 billion and includes
mainly the cash distribution to Airbus SE shareholders of € -2.2 billion.

36.2 Securities
The majority of the Company’s securities consists of debt securities and
are classified at fair value through OCI (see “– Note 37.2: Carrying Amounts
and Fair Values of Financial Instruments”).
The Company’s securities portfolio amounts to € 11,861 million and
€ 8,809 million as of 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively. The
security portfolio contains a non-current portion of € 9,032 million (2023:
€ 7,508 million), and a current portion of € 2,829 million (2023: € 1,301 million).

64

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

Included in the securities portfolio as of 31 December 2024 and 2023,
respectively, are corporate and government bonds bearing either fixed
rate coupons (€ 12,059 million nominal value; 2023: € 9,156 million) or
floating rate coupons (€ 10 million nominal value; 2023: € 0 million).
When the Company enters into securities lending or other financing activities
that involve the pledging of securities as collateral, the securities pledged
continue to be recognised on the balance sheet. As of 31 December 2024
and 2023, they were no securities pledged as collateral for borrowings
from banks.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

2
36.3 Financing Liabilities
Financing liabilities include debt obligations towards financial institutions,
issued corporate bonds, deposits made by customers of Airbus Bank,
borrowings received from joint ventures and other parties as well as finance
lease liabilities. Financing liabilities are recorded initially at the fair value of
the proceeds received, net of transaction costs incurred. Subsequently,
financing liabilities are measured at amortised cost, using the effective
interest rate method with any difference between proceeds (net of transaction
costs) and redemption amount being recognised in total finance income
(cost) over the period of the financing liability.

Financing liabilities to financial institutions may include liabilities from
securities lending transactions. In securities lending transactions, the
Company receives cash from its counterparty and transfers the securities
subject to the lending transaction as collateral. The counterparty typically
has the right to sell or repledge the securities pledged. The amount of cash
received is recognised as a financing liability. The securities pledged are not
derecognised, but remain on the Company’s Statement of Financial Position.

31 December
(In € million)

2024

2023

Bonds and commercial papers

7,986

8,250

Liabilities to financial institutions

382

323

Loans

291

233

Lease liabilities
Total long-term financing liabilities
Bonds and commercial papers

1,696

1,396

10,355

10,202

556

817

Liabilities to financial institutions

26

1

Loans

85

81

253

221

Lease liabilities
Others

3,004

2,269

Total short-term financing liabilities

3,924

3,389

Total

14,279

13,591

(1)

(1)

Included in “others” are financing liabilities to joint ventures.

Long-term financing liabilities, mainly comprising of bonds and lease
liabilities, increased by € +153 million to € 10,355 million (2023: € 10,202 million),
mainly due to higher lease liabilities and increase in the value of bonds
partly offset by bonds reclassification to short-term liabilities maturing in
April 2025 (EMTN 5 years).
Short-term financing liabilities increased by € +535 million to € 3,924 million
(2023: € 3,389 million) mainly due to the EMTN 5 years reclassification in
short-term financing liabilities maturing in April 2025 and financing liabilities
to joint ventures partly offset by the EMTN 10 years bond repayment in
April 2024.
The Company has several euro-denominated bonds issued under its EMTN
programme, two stand-alone US dollar-denominated bonds issued on the
US institutional market under Rule 144A and one US Private Placement,
outstanding as of 31 December 2024.

As of 31 December 2024, there were no outstanding amounts under any
of its commercial paper programmes.
On 31 January 2023, the Company signed a lease agreement with Mobile
Airport Authority (“MAA”) for a new Final Assembly Line designed by Airbus
and to be constructed in Mobile, Alabama on MAA owned land. The expected
cost of construction is funded through the issuance of bonds by MAA for
a nominal amount of US$ 1.0 billion, the proceeds of which are used solely
for that purpose. The bonds are fully guaranteed by the Company which
is supervising the construction and is liable for any cost overruns. As of
31 December 2024, the project has entered into service for a corresponding
amount of US$ 245 million of lease liability. In accordance with IFRS 16 and
the Company’s accounting policies for the classification of interests’ cash
flows, the lease liability payments to be made over the lease term will be
recognised in financing cash flows for the principal portion and in operating
cash flows for the interest portion.

The Company can issue commercial papers under its € 11 billion Negotiable
European Commercial Paper (“NEuCP”) programme, its € 4 billion Euro
Commercial Paper (“ECP”) programme and its $ 3 billion US Commercial
Paper programme.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

65

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

The terms and repayment schedules of these bonds and loans are as follows:

Principal
amount
(In million)

Carrying amount
(In € million)
31 December
2024

2023

Issuance
date

Coupon or
interest
rate

Effective
interest
rate

Maturity
date

Additional
features

EMTN 10 years

€ 823

–

817

Apr 2014

2.38%

2.42%

Apr 2024

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +1.40%

EMTN 5 years

€ 561

556

535

Mar 2020

1.63%

1,80%

April 2025

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +2.01%

EMTN 10 years

€ 461

448

436

May 2016

0.88%

0.98%

May 2026

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +0.50%

EMTN 6 years

€ 894

861

832 June 2020

1,38%

1,47%

Jun. 2026

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +1.66%

EMTN 8 years

€ 611

565

546

Mar 2020

2.00%

2.10%

April 2028

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +2.15%

EMTN 15 years

€ 500

478

469

Oct 2014

2.12%

2.21%

Oct 2029

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +0.84%

EMTN 10 years

€ 1,250

1,103

1,068 June 2020

1.63%

1,74%

Jun. 2030

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +1.61%

EMTN 15 years

€ 900

813

793

May 2016

1.38%

1.50%

May 2031

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +0.66%

EMTN 12 years

€ 1,000

849

822

Mar 2020

2,38%

2.49%

April 2032

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +2.24%

EMTN 20 years

€ 1,000

734

706 June 2020

2.38%

2,44%

Jun. 2040

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +1.93%

US$ Bond 10 years

US$ 750

693

641

Apr 2017

3.15%

3.20%

Apr 2027

Interest rate swapped
into 1D SOFR

US$ Bond 30 years

US$ 750

643

651

Apr 2017

3.95%

4.02%

Apr 2047

Interest rate swapped
into 1D SOFR +0.31%

ACLP Private placement

US$ 830

799

751

July 2020,
Dec 2020

1.98% –
2.54%

2.77% – July 2026
3.09% to July 2029

8,542

9,067

Bonds
European Investment Bank

€ 165

154

165

Dec 2023 3M Euribor 3M Euribor
+0.498%
+0.498%

Dec. 2038

KfW Developpement Bank

€150

136

48

July 2023 3M Euribor 3M Euribor
+0.59%
+0.59%

Jul. 2029

Others

118

111

Liabilities to financial institutions

408

324

Total

8,950

9,391

Thereof non-current financing liabilities

8,368

8,574

582

817

Thereof current financing liabilities

66

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

2
Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing liabilities as of 31 December 2024 is as follows:
Non-cash movements

Cash flows

Changes
in scope

Foreign
exchange
movements

Others

Balance at
31 December
2024

(818)

–

129

164

8,542

324

80

–

4

–

408

314

(66)

–

2

126

376

1,617

(324)

–

48

608

1,949

Balance at
1 January 2024

Bonds and commercial papers

9,067

Liabilities to financial institutions
Loans
Finance lease liabilities

(In € million)

Others

2,269

696

–

39

–

3,004

Total

13,591

(432)

–

222

898

14,279

Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing liabilities as of 31 December 2023 is as follows:
Non-cash movements

Cash flows

Changes
in scope

Foreign
exchange
movements

Others

Balance at
31 December
2023

8,681

12

–

(75)

449

9,067

410

(59)

–

(2)

(25)

324

Balance at
1 January 2023

Bonds and commercial papers
Liabilities to financial institutions

(In € million)

158

29

–

–

127

314

Finance lease liabilities

Loans

1,734

(267)

–

(23)

173

1,617

Others

1,790

480

–

(2)

1

2,269

Total

12,773

195

–

(102)

725

13,591

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

67

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

37.	Financial Instruments
37.1 Financial Risk Management
By the nature of its activities, the Company is exposed to a variety of financial
risks: (i) market risks, in particular foreign exchange risk, but also interest
rate risk, equity price risk and commodity price risk, (ii) liquidity risk and
(iii) credit risk. The Company’s overall financial risk management activities
focus on mitigating unpredictable financial market risks and their potential
adverse effects on the Company’s operational and financial performance.
The financial risk management of the Company is generally carried out by
the Treasury department of the Company under policies approved by the

Market Risk

Foreign exchange risk — Foreign exchange risk arises when future
commercial transactions or firm commitments, recognised monetary
assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign operations are
denominated in a currency that is not the entity’s functional currency.
The Company manages a long-term hedge portfolio with maturities of several
years covering its net exposure to US dollar sales, mainly from the commercial
activities of Airbus. This hedge portfolio covers a large portion of the
Company’s firm commitments and highly probable forecasted transactions.
For Airbus, the highly probable criteria of the underlying foreign currency
exposure of cash flow hedges is assessed based on the IFRS15 backlog
value analysis. This consists in reducing the contractual firm backlog by
all deliveries which cannot be considered as highly probable due to the
existence of either cancellation rights, risk of bankruptcy or other risk of
order restructuring. The latter assessments is taking into account customers’
situation and commercial aspects. The resulting backlog is further adjusted
to the foreign exchange management hedging horizon. The highly probable
underlying foreign currency exposure is then capped to the production plan
when applicable.
Most of the Company’s revenue is denominated in US dollars, while a major
portion of its costs is incurred in euro and to a lesser extent in other foreign
currencies. Consequently, to the extent that the Company does not use
financial instruments to hedge its exposure resulting from this currency
mismatch, its profits will be affected by changes in the €/US$ exchange
rate. As the Company intends to generate profits primarily from its operations
rather than through speculation on exchange rate movements, it uses
hedging strategies to manage and minimise the impact of exchange rate
fluctuations on these profits.
With respect to its commercial aircraft products, as of 30 June 2018, the
Company adopted a new hedge strategy to hedge its net exposure
(US dollar revenue less US dollar cost) resulting from commercial aircraft
deliveries of specific aircraft types. The strategy more closely aligns hedge
accounting with risk management activities.
Under the new strategy the foreign exchange derivatives used as hedging
instruments are designated as a hedge of a portion of the cash flows received
for each of a number of deliveries of a specific aircraft type that are
expected to occur in a given month and hence will allow the hedge result to
move along with the hedged deliveries in the event of a shift in deliveries.

68

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

Board of Directors or by the Chief Financial Officer. The identification,
evaluation and hedging of the financial risks is in the joint responsibility of
several established specific committees such as the Foreign Exchange
Committee and the Asset Liability Management Committee, including the
Company business segments.
The Company uses financial derivatives solely for risk mitigating purposes
(“hedging”) and applies hedge accounting for a significant portion of its
hedging portfolio.
If such a shift in hedged deliveries occurs, hedge ineffectiveness will arise
to the extent the maturities of the hedging instrument and the expected
timing of the hedged cash flows are no longer perfectly aligned. In order
to minimise such ineffectiveness, the Company will close the timing gap
by rolling over hedges to new maturities, using foreign exchange swap
contracts.
In addition, the Company will designate the risk of changes in the spot
element as the hedged risk in order to eliminate the ineffectiveness
resulting from changes in forward points between different maturities. The
forward element will be accounted for as a cost of hedging similar to the
time value of options.
Until 30 June 2018, the Company typically hedged firmly committed sales
in US dollar using a “first flow approach”. Under that approach, the foreign
currency derivatives the Company entered into were designated as a hedge
of the first US dollar inflows received from the customer at aircraft delivery
in a given month. The strategy implied that only a portion of the expected
monthly customer payments made at aircraft delivery were hedged and
that a reduction of monthly cash inflows as a result of postponements or
order cancellations had no impact on the effectiveness of the hedge as
long as the actual gross US dollar cash inflows received at aircraft delivery
in a particular month exceeded the portion designated as being hedged in
that month. According to the prospective application requirement of
IFRS 9, the fair values of the legacy portfolio in place at inception of the
new strategy continue to be assigned to the previous first flow hedge
regime and remain in the hedge reserve in OCI, to be recognised in profit
or loss only at maturity of the originally hedged cash flows (unless those
cash flows are no longer expected to occur).
As a result of prospective application, the hedging instruments designated
under the new strategy had a non-zero fair value at hedge inception, which
might create some small ineffectiveness.
Another source of ineffectiveness is the counterparty credit risk inherent
in the hedge portfolio. As such, credit risk is absent from the hedged cash
flows. However, since netting arrangements are in place with all the hedge
counterparties and the Company has a policy of trading with investment
grade counterparties only, the credit risk arising from its hedging instruments,
and associated changes in credit risk, have historically been negligible and
are expected to remain so.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

2
The Company also hedges its expected foreign currency exposure arising
from US dollar or pound sterling cash outflows in the commercial aircraft
business on a first outflow basis, though to a much lesser extent than US
dollar cash inflows.
In military aircraft and non-aircraft businesses, the Company hedges inflows
and outflows in foreign currencies from firmly committed or highly probable
forecast sales and purchase contracts. Here, foreign currency derivatives
are typically contracted in lower volumes; they may be accounted for using
a first flow approach or are designated as hedges of specific agreed
milestone payments. The amount of the expected flows to be hedged can
cover up to 100% of the equivalent of the net US dollar exposure at inception.
The coverage ratio considers the variability in the range of potential
outcomes taking into account macroeconomic movements affecting spot
rates and interest rates as well as the robustness of the commercial cycle.
In situations where the payment dates for hedged firmly committed cash
flows are not fixed and subject to potentially significant delays, the Company
may use rollover strategies, usually involving foreign exchange swaps.
For all foreign currency hedges of future cash flows which qualify for hedge
accounting under IFRS 9, the Company uses the cash flow hedge model,
which requires (i) recognising the effective portion of the fair value changes
of the hedging derivatives in equity (within OCI) and (ii) recognising the
effect of the hedge in profit or loss when the hedged cash flows affect
profit or loss.
In addition, the Company hedges currency risk arising from financial assets
or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the euro, including foreign
currency receivable and payable accounts, as well as foreign currency
denominated funding transactions or securities. The Company applies
hedge accounting if a mismatch in terms of profit or loss recognition of the
hedging instrument and hedged item would otherwise occur. Frequently,
however, the currency-induced gains or losses of the hedging instrument
and the hedged item match in terms of profit or loss recognition (“natural
hedge”), so no hedge accounting is required. Sometimes such gains or
losses may end up in different sections of the income statement (such as
operating profit for the hedged item and financial result for the hedging
instrument). If so, the Company may choose to present the gains or losses
of both the hedging instrument and the hedged item in the same income
statement line item if certain formal requirements are met.
As hedging instruments, the Company primarily uses foreign currency
forwards, foreign currency options and to a minor extent non-derivative
financial instruments. A hedge ratio of 1:1 is applied by the Company.
The Company also has foreign currency derivative instruments which are
embedded in certain purchase contracts denominated in a currency other
than the functional currency of any substantial party to the contract,
principally in US dollar and pound sterling. If such embedded derivatives
are required to be accounted for separately from the host purchase contract,
related gains or losses are generally recognised in other financial result.
However, if the embedded derivatives qualify for hedge accounting, the
Company might choose to designate them as a hedging instrument in a
hedge of foreign currency risk, in which case they are accounted for under
the cash flow hedge model as described above.

Interest rate risk — The Company uses an asset-liability management
approach with the objective to limit its interest rate risk. It undertakes to
match the risk profile of its interest-bearing assets with those of its
interest-bearing liabilities. The remaining net interest rate exposure is
managed through several types of interest rate derivatives, such as interest
rate swaps and interest rate futures contracts, in order to minimise risks
and financial impacts.
The vast majority of related interest rate hedges qualify for hedge accounting,
and most of them are accounted for under the fair value hedge model. As
a result, both the fair value changes of these derivatives and the portion
of the hedged items’ fair value change that is attributable to the hedged
interest rate risk are recognised in profit or loss, where they offset to the
extent the hedge is effective.
The Company has applied the relief introduced by the amendments made
to IFRS 9 in September 2019 on hedge accounting, having the effect that
the IBOR reform should not cause hedge accounting to terminate.
The Company invests in financial instruments such as overnight deposits,
certificates of deposits, commercial papers, other money market instruments
and short-term as well as medium-term bonds. For its financial instruments
portfolio, the Company has an Asset Liability Management Committee in
place that meets regularly and aims to limit the interest rate risk on a fair
value basis through a value-at-risk approach, from which results a hedge
ratio that is however not actively steered.
Commodity price risk — The Company is exposed to risk relating to
fluctuations in the prices of commodities used in the supply chain. It
manages these risks in the procurement process and to a certain extent
uses derivative instruments in order to mitigate the risks associated with
the purchase of raw materials. To the extent that the gains or losses of the
derivative and those of the hedged item or transaction do not match in
terms of profit or loss, the Company applies cash flow hedge accounting
to the derivative instruments, with a hedge ratio of 1:1.
Equity price risk — The Company is to a small extent invested in equity
securities mainly for operational reasons. Its exposure to equity price risk
is hence limited. Furthermore, it is exposed under its LTIP to the risk of the
Company share price increases. The Company limits these risks through
the use of equity derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting and have
been designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges, with a
hedge ratio of 1:1.
Sensitivities of market risks — The approach used to measure and control
market risk exposure of the Company’s financial instrument portfolio is,
amongst other key indicators, the value-at-risk model (“VaR”). The VaR
of a portfolio is the estimated potential loss that will not be exceeded over
a specified period of time (holding period) from an adverse market movement
with a specified confidence level. The VaR used by the Company is based
upon a 95% confidence level and assumes a five-day holding period. The
VaR model used is mainly based on the so-called “Monte-Carlo-Simulation”
method. The model generates a wide range of potential future scenarios
for market price movements by deriving the relevant statistical behaviour
of markets for the portfolio of market data from the previous two years and
observed interdependencies between different markets and prices.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

69

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

The Company’s VaR computation includes the Company’s financial debt,
short-term and long-term investments, foreign currency forwards, swaps
and options, commodity contracts, finance lease receivables and liabilities,
foreign currency trade liabilities and receivables and contract assets.

• the use of historical data as a basis for estimating the statistical behaviour
of the relevant markets and finally determining the possible range of
future outcomes out of this statistical behaviour may not always cover
all possible scenarios, especially those of an exceptional nature.

Although VaR is an important tool for measuring market risk, the assumptions
on which the model is based give rise to some limitations, including
the following:

The Company uses VaR amongst other key figures in order to determine the
riskiness of its financial instrument portfolio and in order to optimise the
risk-return ratio of its financial asset portfolio. Further, its investment policy
defines a VaR limit for the total portfolio of cash, cash equivalents and
securities. The total VaR as well as the different risk-factor specific VaR figures
of this portfolio are measured and serve amongst other measures as a basis
for the decisions of the Company’s Asset Liability Management Committee.

• a five-day holding period assumes that it is possible to hedge or dispose
of positions within that period. This is considered to be a realistic
assumption in almost all cases but may not be the case in situations in
which there is severe market illiquidity for a prolonged period.
• a 95% confidence level does not reflect losses that may occur beyond
this level. Even within the model used there is a 5% statistical probability
that losses could exceed the calculated VaR.

A summary of the VaR position of the Company financial instruments portfolio as of 31 December 2024 and 2023 is as follows:
Total VaR

Equity
price VaR

Currency
VaR

Commodity
price VaR

Interest
rate VaR

Foreign exchange hedges for forecast transactions or firm commitments

766

–

854

–

128

Financing liabilities, financial assets (including cash, cash equivalents,
securities and related hedges)

233

94

121

–

142

Finance lease receivables and liabilities, foreign currency trade payables
and receivables

66

–

36

–

49

Commodity contracts

6

–

1

6

–

Equity swaps

–

–

–

–

–

Diversification effect

(439)

–

(199)

–

(80)

All financial instruments

632

94

813

6

239

Foreign exchange hedges for forecast transactions or firm commitments

801

–

911

–

165

Financing liabilities, financial assets (including cash, cash equivalents,
securities and related hedges)

230

70

210

–

74

Finance lease receivables and liabilities, foreign currency trade payables
and receivables

81

–

39

–

79

Commodity contracts

6

1

6

–

(In € million)

31 December 2024

31 December 2023

2

2

–

–

–

Diversification effect

Equity swaps

(479)

(1)

(409)

–

(152)

All financial instruments

641

71

752

6

166

As of 31 December 2024, the total VaR amounts to € 632 million (2023:
€ 641 million). The slight decrease is mainly attributable to the diminution
of the Company foreign exchange hedges portfolio..
The Company uses its derivative instruments entirely for hedging purposes.
As a result, the respective market risks of these hedging instruments are
– depending on the hedges’ actual effectiveness – offset by corresponding

70

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

opposite market risks of the underlying forecast transactions, assets or
liabilities. Under IFRS 7, the underlying forecast transactions do not qualify
as financial instruments and are therefore not included in the tables shown
above. Accordingly, the VaR of the foreign exchange hedging portfolio in
the amount of € 854 million (2023: € 911 million) cannot be considered as a
risk indicator for the Company in the economic sense.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

2
Liquidity Risk

The Company’s policy is to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents
at any time to meet its present and future commitments as they fall due. It
manages its liquidity by holding adequate volumes of liquid assets and
maintains a committed revolving credit facility, in addition to the cash inflow
generated by its operating business. The Company continues to keep the
focus on low counterparty risk within its asset portfolio. In addition, it maintains
a set of other funding sources, and accordingly may raise loans from
commercial banks and Development Finance Institutions and issue bonds,
notes and commercial papers or enter into security lending agreements.
Adverse changes in the capital markets could increase its funding costs and
limit its financial flexibility.

In particular, Airbus signed on 5 July 2022 a € 8 billion Sustainability Linked
Revolving Syndicated Credit Facility in order to refinance its € 6 billion
existing facility signed in 2020.
Management considers the Company has sufficient resources to continue
operating for at least 12 months and that there are no material uncertainties
about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.
Further, the management of the vast majority of the Company’s liquidity
exposure is centralised by a daily cash concentration process. This process
enables it to manage its liquidity surplus as well as its liquidity requirements
according to the actual needs of its subsidiaries. In addition, management
monitors the Company’s liquidity reserve as well as the expected cash flows
from its operations.

The contractual maturities of the Company’s financial liabilities, based on undiscounted cash flows and including interest payments, if applicable, are
as follows:
Carrying
amount

Contractual
cash flows

< 1 year

1 year –
2 years

2 years –
3 years

3 years –
4 years

4 years –
5 years

> 5 years

(28,661)

(31,050)

(18,225)

(2,192)

(1,338)

(1,225)

(1,169)

(6,901)

(6,181)

(7,568)

(2,548)

(2,054)

(1,691)

(570)

(30)

(675)

(34,842)

(38,618)

(20,773)

(4,246)

(3,029)

(1,795)

(1,199)

(7,576)

Non-derivative financial liabilities

(28,593)

(30,889)

(18,205)

(1,234)

(1,855)

(1,183)

(1,107)

(7,303)

Derivative financial liabilities

(4,750)

(5,876)

(1,963)

(1,173)

(886)

(860)

(144)

(850)

(33,343)

(36,765)

(20,168)

(2,407)

(2,741)

(2,043)

(1,251)

(8,153)

(In € million)

31 December 2024
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Derivative financial liabilities
Total
31 December 2023

Total

Non-derivative financial liabilities included in the table above comprise
financing liabilities as presented in “– Note 37.2: Carrying Amounts and
Fair Values of Financial Instruments”. Due to their specific nature, namely
their risk-sharing features and uncertainty about the repayment dates,

the European Governments’ refundable advances, which amount to
€ -3,859 million as of 31 December 2024 are not included (2023:
€ -3,856 million).

Lease liabilities

The maturity analysis of lease liabilities, based on contractual undiscounted cash flows is as follows:
31 December
(In € million)

2024

2023

Not later than one year

(252)

(222)

Later than one year and not later than five years

(969)

(769)

Later than five years

(1,226)

(982)

Total undiscounted lease liabilities

(2,447)

(1,973)

Lease liabilities included in the statement of financial position

(1,949)

(1,617)

(253)

(221)

(1,696)

(1,396)

Current
Non-current

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

71

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

Credit Risk

The Company is exposed to credit risk to the extent of non-performance by
either its customers (e.g. airlines) or its counterparts with regard to financial
instruments or issuers of financial instruments for gross cash investments.
However, it has policies in place to avoid concentrations of credit risk and
to ensure that credit risk is limited.
As far as central treasury activities are concerned, credit risk resulting from
financial instruments is managed by the Company. In order to ensure
sufficient diversification, a credit limit system is used.
The Company monitors the performance of the individual financial instruments
and the impact of market developments on their performance and takes
appropriate action on foreseeable adverse development based on pre-defined
procedures and escalation levels.

Sales of products and services are made to customers after having conducted
appropriate internal credit risk assessment. In order to support sales, primarily
at Airbus, Airbus Helicopters and ATR, the Company may agree to participate
in customer financing, on a case-by-case basis either directly or through
guarantees provided to third parties. In determining the amount and terms
of the financing transaction, the Company takes into account the airline’s
credit rating and economic factors reflecting the relevant financial market
conditions, together with appropriate assumptions as to the anticipated
future value of the financed asset.
The booked amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit
exposure. The credit quality of financial assets can be assessed by reference
to external credit rating (if available) or internal assessment of customers’
creditworthiness e.g. airlines by way of internal risk pricing methods.
For further information relating to gross credit risk and impairment see
“– Note 37.7: Impairment Losses”.

37.2	Carrying Amounts and Fair Values of Financial Instruments
Financial instruments — The Company’s financial assets mainly consist of
cash, short to medium-term deposits and securities. Its financial liabilities
include trade liabilities, obligations towards financial institutions, issued bonds
and refundable advances from European Governments. All purchases and
sales of financial assets are recognised on the settlement date according
to market conventions.
Financial assets at amortised cost — This category comprises assets
that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
flows represent solely payments of principal and interest. It includes
trade receivables.
Financial assets at fair value through OCI — This category comprises:
(i) equity investments that are not held for trading. With the exception of
dividends received, the associated gains and losses (including any
related foreign exchange component) are recognised in OCI. Amounts
presented in OCI are not subsequently transferred to profit or loss on
derecognition of the equity investment nor in the event of an impairment;

(ii) debt instruments where contractual cash flows are solely payments of
principal and interest, and that are held both for sales and collecting
contractual cash flows. Changes in their fair value other than impairment
losses and foreign exchange gains and losses on monetary items are
recognised directly within AOCI. Upon disposal of such financial assets,
the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in equity is recorded
as part of other income (other expenses) from investments in the
Consolidated Income Statement for the period. Interest earned on the
investment are presented as interest income in the Consolidated
Income Statement using the effective interest method. Dividends earned
on investment were recognised as other income (other expenses) from
investments in the Consolidated Income Statement when the right to
the payment had been established.
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss — This category
comprises all other financial assets (e.g. derivative instruments) that are
to be measured at fair value (including equity investments for which the
Company did not elect to present changes in fair value in OCI).
The Company assigns its financial instruments into classes based on their
balance sheet category.

72

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

2
The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments by class and by IFRS 9 measurement category as of
31 December 2024:
Fair value
through
profit or loss

(In € million)

Financial assets and liabilities
Fair value
at amortised cost
through
OCI Amortised cost
Fair value

Financial instruments total
Book value

Fair value

Assets
Other investments and other long-term financial assets
Equity investments(1)

1,800

1,088

–

–

2,888

2,888

Customer financing

132

–

–

–

132

132

Other loans

–

–

2,955

2,955

2,955

2,955

Trade receivables

–

–

5,293

5,293

5,293

5,293

Contract assets

–

–

1,534

1,534

1,534

1,534

1,065

–

–

–

1,065

1,065

–

–

1,636

1,636

1,636

1,636

–

11,861

–

–

11,861

11,861

(2)

Other financial assets
Derivative instruments
Non-derivative instruments
Securities
Cash and cash equivalents

10,042

742

4,219

4,219

15,003

15,003

Total

13,039

13,690

15,637

15,637

42,367

42,367

Bonds and commercial papers

–

–

(8,542)

(8,823)

(8,542)

(8,823)

Liabilities to financial institutions and others

–

–

(3,788)

(3,788)

(3,788)

(3,789)

Finance lease liabilities

–

–

(1,949)

(1,949)

(1,949)

(1,949)

(6,181)

–

–

–

(6,181)

(6,181)

European Governments’ refundable advances

–

–

(3,859)

(3,859)

(3,859)

(3,859)

Others

–

(18)

(567)

(567)

(585)

(585)

–

–

(13,791)

(13,791)

(13,791)

(13,791)

(6,181)

(18)

(32,496)

(32,777)

(38,695)

(38,976)

Liabilities
Financing liabilities

(2)

Other financial liabilities
Derivative instruments
(3)

Trade liabilities
Total
(1)
(2)
(3)

Other than those accounted for under the equity method.
The carrying amounts are used as reasonable fair value approximations.
The European Governments’ refundable advances of € -3,859 million are measured at amortised cost. Fair values cannot be reliably measured because their risk sharing nature and
the uncertainty of the repayment dates give rise to a broad range of reasonable fair value estimates and make it impossible to reasonably assess the probabilities of the various
estimates within the range. This may change and reliable fair value measures become available as the related programmes approach the end of production.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

73

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments by class and by IFRS 9 measurement category as of
31 December 2023:
Fair value
through
profit or loss

(In € million)

Financial assets and liabilities
Fair value
at amortised cost
through
OCI Amortised cost
Fair value

Financial instruments total
Book value

Fair value

Assets
Other investments and other long-term financial assets
Equity investments(1)

1,627

1,171

–

–

2,798

2,798

Customer financing

116

–

–

–

116

116

Other loans

–

–

2,601

2,601

2,601

2,601

Trade receivables

–

–

4,725

4,725

4,725

4,725

Contract assets

–

–

1,849

1,849

1,849

1,849

1,227

–

–

–

1,227

1,227

–

–

1,546

1,546

1,546

1,546

–

8,809

–

–

8,809

8,809

(2)

Other financial assets
Derivative instruments
Non-derivative instruments
Securities
Cash and cash equivalents

12,409

1,010

3,050

3,050

16,469

16,469

Total

15,379

10,990

13,771

13,771

40,140

40,140

Bonds and commercial papers

–

–

(9,067)

(9,470)

(9,067)

(9,470)

Liabilities to financial institutions and others

–

–

(2,907)

(2,907)

(2,907)

(2,907)

Finance lease liabilities(2)

–

–

(1,617)

(1,617)

(1,617)

(1,617)

(4,750)

–

–

–

(4,750)

(4,750)

European Governments’ refundable advances

–

–

(3,856)

(3,856)

(3,856)

(3,856)

Others

–

(86)

(592)

(592)

(678)

(678)

–

–

(14,323)

(14,323)

(14,323)

(14,323)

(4,750)

(86)

(32,362)

(32,765)

(37,198)

(37,601)

Liabilities
Financing liabilities

Other financial liabilities
Derivative instruments
(3)

Trade liabilities
Total
(1)
(2)
(3)

Other than those accounted for under the equity method.
The carrying amounts are used as reasonable fair value approximations.
The European Governments’ refundable advances of € -3,856 million are measured at amortised cost. Fair values cannot be reliably measured because their risk sharing nature and
the uncertainty of the repayment dates give rise to a broad range of reasonable fair value estimates and make it impossible to reasonably assess the probabilities of the various
estimates within the range. This may change and reliable fair value measures become available as the related programmes approach the end of production.

Fair Value Hierarchy

Fair value of financial instruments — The fair value of quoted investments is
based on current market prices. If the market for financial assets is not active,
or in the case of unlisted financial instruments, the Company determines fair
values by using generally accepted valuation techniques on the basis of
market information available at the end of the reporting period. Derivative
instruments are generally managed on the basis of the Company’s net
exposure to the credit risk of each particular counterparty and fair value
information is provided to the Company’s key management personnel on
that basis. For these derivative instruments, the fair value is measured based
on the price that would be received to sell a net long position, or transfer a net
short position, for a particular credit risk exposure as further described below.

74

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

Depending on the extent the inputs used to measure fair values rely on
observable market data, fair value measurements may be hierarchised
according to the following levels of input:
• Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets
and liabilities;
• Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset
or liability – fair values measured based on Level 2 input typically rely on
observable market data such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates,
credit spreads or volatilities;

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

2
• Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable
market data – fair values measured based on Level 3 input rely to a
significant extent on estimates derived from the Company’s own data
and may require the use of assumptions that are inherently judgemental
and involve various limitations.

The fair values disclosed for financial instruments accounted for at amortised
cost reflect Level 2 input. Otherwise, the Company determines mostly
fair values based on Level 1 and Level 2 inputs and to a lesser extent on
Level 3 input.

The following table presents the carrying amounts of the financial instruments held for the three levels of the fair value hierarchy as of 31 December
2024 and 2023, respectively:
2024
(In € million)

2023

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

2,146

–

742

2,888

2,084

–

714

2,798

–

1,065

–

1,065

–

1,227

–

1,227

Financial assets measured
at fair value
Equity Investments
Derivative instruments

11,861

–

–

11,861

8,809

–

–

8,809

–

–

131

131

–

–

116

116

10,042

742

–

10,784

12,409

1,010

–

13,419

24,049

1,807

873

26,729

23,302

2,237

830

26,369

Derivative instruments

–

(6,181)

–

(6,181)

–

(4,750)

–

(4,750)

Other financial liabilities

–

–

(18)

(18)

–

–

(86)

(86)

–

(6,181)

(18)

(6,199)

–

(4,750)

(86)

(4,836)

Derivatives

Participations

Customer
financing

Total

Written put
options on
NCI interests

Commodity
swap
agreements

Total

Balance at 1 January 2023

–

744

86

830

(83)

(84)

(167)

Business combination

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Securities
Customer financing
Cash equivalents
Total
Financial liabilities measured
at fair value

Total

The development of financial instruments of Level 3 is as follows:

(In € million)

Profit or loss

–

–

30

30

–

84

84

Equity

–

(31)

–

(31)

(3)

–

(3)

Settlements

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Release

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Balance at 31 December 2023

–

714

116

830

(86)

–

(86)

Business combination

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Profit or loss

–

–

15

15

–

–

–

Equity

–

28

–

28

68

–

68

Settlements

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Others

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Balance at 31 December 2024

–

742

131

873

(18)

–

(18)

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

75

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

As of 31 December 2024, the fair value of the written put options on
non-controlling interests (“NCI puts”) relating to ACLP amounts to
€ 18 million (2023: € 86 million).

The fair value of these NCI puts is derived from a discounted cash flow
analysis using the latest operating plan and a projection over the lifetime
of the A220 programme. In addition, a post-tax WACC of 8.81% is used to
discount the forecasted cash flows, taking into account the specificities of
the programme (2023: 9.30%).

Financial Assets Designated at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

As of 31 December 2024, the financial assets held and designated at fair value through profit or loss are money market funds (accumulating). As of
31 December 2024, nominal amount at initial recognition was € 10,042 million (2023: € 12,410 million).

Fair Value Measurement Method

The Company uses the following methods to measure fair values:
Equity instruments — The fair values of listed equity instruments reflect
quoted market prices. For non-listed equity investments for which quoted
market prices are not available, the Company determines the fair values
using valuation methods such as net asset values, discounted cash flow
method or a comparable valuation technique.
Customer financing assets and other loans — The carrying amounts
reflected in the annual accounts are used as a proxy for fair value.
Contract assets, trade receivables and other receivables — The carrying
amounts reflected in the annual accounts are used as reasonable estimates
of fair value because of the relatively short period between the receivables’
origination and their maturity.
Securities — The fair values of securities reflect their quoted market price
at the end of the reporting period.
Cash and cash equivalents — include cash in hand, cash in banks, checks,
fixed deposits as well as commercial papers and money market funds. The
carrying amounts reflected in the annual accounts are used as reasonable
estimates of fair value because of the relatively short period between the
origination of the instrument and its maturity or due date. The fair value of
commercial papers is determined based on Level 2 input by discounting
future cash flows using appropriate interest rates. The fair values of money
market funds are determined by reference to their quoted market price.

Derivatives — The fair values of derivative instruments reflect quoted market
prices, where available, but in most cases are determined using recognised
valuation techniques such as option-pricing models (e.g. Black & Scholes
model) and discounted cash flow models. The valuation is based on
observable market data such as currency rates, currency forward rates,
interest rates and yield curves, commodity forward prices as well as price
and rate volatilities obtained from recognised vendors of market data.
Furthermore, to the extent that these instruments are subject to master
netting arrangements and similar agreements and managed on the basis of
net credit exposure, their fair values reflect credit and debit value adjustments
based on the net long or net short position that the Company has with each
counterparty. Except for certain short-term commodity contracts and
derivatives presented in the Level 3 section above, derivative fair values
are measured based on Level 2 input.
Financing liabilities — The fair values disclosed for financing liabilities,
other than those of issued bonds and commercial papers, are determined
based on Level 2 input by discounting scheduled or expected cash flows
using appropriate market interest rates. The fair values disclosed for the
issued EMTN and US dollar bonds reflect public price quotations that qualify
as Level 1 input. For issued commercial papers, the carrying amounts
reflected in the annual accounts are used as reasonable estimates of fair
value because of the relatively short period between the origination of these
instruments and their maturity.
Trade liabilities and current other financial liabilities — For the same
reason as trade receivables, carrying amounts are used as reasonable fair
value approximations for trade liabilities and current other financial liabilities.

The following interest rate curves are used in the determination of the fair value in respect of the derivative financial instruments as of 31 December
2024 and 2023:
31 December
(Rate in %)

2024
€

2023
€

2024
US$

2023
US$

2024
£

2023
£

6 months

2.36

3.65

4.25

5.15

4.57

5.14

1 year

2.07

3.12

4.10

4.78

4.42

4.67

5 years

2.03

2.01

3.92

3.55

3.92

3.20

10 years

2.17

2.04

3.97

3.47

3.92

3.10

76

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

2
37.3	Potential Effect of Set-Off Rights on Recognised Financial Assets and Liabilities
The Company reports all its financial assets and financial liabilities on a
gross basis. With each derivative counterparty there are master netting
agreements in place providing for the immediate close-out of all outstanding
derivative transactions and payment of the net termination amount in the
event a party to the agreement defaults or another defined termination event
occurs. Furthermore, securities lending transactions are accounted for as
collateralised borrowings. As a result, the securities pledged as collateral

continue to be recognised on the balance sheet and the amount of cash
received at the outset of the transaction is separately recognised as a
financial liability. The following tables set out, on a counterparty specific
basis, the potential effect of master netting agreements and collateralised
borrowings on the Company’s Financial Position, separately for financial
assets and financial liabilities that were subject to such agreements as of
31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively:

Gross amounts
recognised
Gross
set off in
amounts
the Financial
recognised
Statements

(In € million)

Net amounts
presented in
the Financial
Statements

Related amounts not set off in
Statement of Financial Position
Financial
instruments

Cash collateral
received

Net
amount

31 December 2024
Financial asset

1,061

–

1,061

(1,061)

–

–

Financial liabilities

6,057

–

6,057

(1,061)

–

4,996

Financial asset

1,180

–

1,180

(1,170)

–

10

Financial liabilities

4,710

–

4,710

(1,170)

–

3,540

31 December 2023

37.4	Notional Amounts of Derivative Financial Instruments
The contract or notional amounts of derivative financial instruments shown
below do not necessarily represent amounts exchanged by the parties
and, thus, are not necessarily a measure for the exposure of the Company
through its use of derivatives.

The notional amounts of foreign exchange derivative financial instruments
are as follows, specified by year of expected maturity:

Remaining period
(In € million)

1 year

2 years

3 years

4 years

5 years

> 5 years

Total

18,133

14,863

10,014

8,567

(235)

(133)

51,209

17,470

13,559

11,002

8,122

4,885

(22)

55,016

31 December 2024
Net forward and swap contracts
31 December 2023
Net forward sales contracts

The following table sets out the notional amount of foreign exchange hedges in place as of 31 December 2024 relating to the commercial activities of
Airbus, and the average euro converted rates applicable to corresponding EBIT.
(In $ million)

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029+

Total

Total hedges

20,566

17,599

11,715

9,883

186

59,949

1.19

1.21

1.26

1.24

1.15

1.22

Forward rates €/US$

In 2024 new hedge contracts of US$ 14.2 billion (2023: US$ 12.2 billion) were added at an average rate of 1.11 US$/€ (2023: 1.11 US$/€).

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

77

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

As of 31 December 2024, the total hedge portfolio with maturities up to
2029 amounts to US$ 59.9 billion (2023: US$ 67.1 billion) and covers a
significant portion of the foreign exchange exposure expected over the

hedging horizon. The average US$/€ hedge rate of the US$/€ hedge
portfolio until 2029 amounts to 1.22 US$/€ (2023: 1.24 US$/€).

(In £ million)

2025

2026

2027

2028

2029+

Total

Total hedges

1,149

1,034

874

685

413

4,155

Forward rates €/£

0.88

0.90

0.90

0.91

0.92

0.90

Since 2021, €/£ hedges were implemented in order to cover the GBP exposure of the Company.
The notional amounts of interest rate contracts are as follows:
Remaining period
1 year

2 years

3 years

4 years

5 years

6 years

7 years

> 7 years

Total

561

1,355

1,444

611

500

1,250

900

2,722

9,343

823

561

1,355

1,357

611

500

1,250

3,579

10,036

(In € million)

1 year

2 years

3 years

4 years

> 4 years

Total

31 December 2024

123

76

38

–

–

237

31 December 2023

122

74

31

–

–

228

1 year

2 years

3 years

4 years

> 4 years

Total

31 December 2024

34

–

–

–

–

34

31 December 2023

41

34

–

–

–

75

(In € million)

31 December 2024
Interest rate contracts
31 December 2023
Interest rate contracts

Please also refer to “– Note 36.3: Financing Liabilities”.
The notional amounts of commodity contracts are as follows:
Remaining period

The notional amounts of equity swaps are as follows:
Remaining period
(In € million)

78

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

2
37.5	Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting Disclosure
The following table presents the reconciliation of AOCI, net of tax, resulting from cash flow hedge accounting as of 31 December 2024 and
31 December 2023:
Hedge reserve
(In € million)

Opening balance
Foreign exchange contracts
Others
Changes in fair values
Foreign exchange contracts
Others
Amount reclassified to profit or loss (matured hedges)
Foreign exchange contracts

31 December
2024

31 December
2023

3,298

5,688

3,620

(1,374)

18

(7)

3,638

(1,381)

(1,970)

(2,072)

(8)

(4)

(1,978)

(2,076)

65

165

–

–

65

165

Tax impact

(470)

902

Closing balance

4,553

3,298

Others
Amount classified to profit or loss (inefficiency)

The following table presents the amounts relating to items designated as hedging instruments and hedge ineffectiveness for cash-flow hedges as
of 31 December 2024:
Carrying values

(In € million)

OCI

Asset

Liability

Changes in
values of the
hedging
instrument

928

(5,109)

3,323

Other changes
in value of the
hedge reserve

Hedge
inefficiency
recorded in
financial result

Amounts
reclassified
from hedge
reserve to
profit or loss

297

65

(1,970)

Foreign currency risk
Net forward sales contracts
Foreign exchange options

–

–

–

–

–

–

Embedded Derivatives

–

(42)

19

–

–

(8)

Interest rate risk

–

–

–

–

–

–

Commodity swap risk

6

(4)

(1)

–

–

–

Equity swap risk

9

–

–

–

–

–

943

(5,155)

3,341

297

65

(1,978)

Total

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

79

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

The following table presents the amounts relating to items designated as hedging instruments and hedge ineffectiveness for cash-flow hedges as
of 31 December 2023:
Carrying values

OCI
Other changes
in value of the
hedge reserve

Hedge
inefficiency
recorded in
financial result

Amounts
reclassified
from hedge
reserve to
profit or loss

Asset

Liability

Changes in
values of the
hedging
instrument

Net forward sales contracts

986

(3,529)

(2,369)

995

165

(2,072)

Foreign exchange options

–

–

–

–

–

–

Embedded Derivatives

(In € million)

Foreign currency risk

–

(37)

(12)

–

–

(4)

Interest rate risk

–

–

–

–

–

–

Commodity swap risk

1

–

5

–

–

–

Equity swap risk

10

1

–

–

–

–

997

(3,565)

(2,376)

995

165

(2,076)

2024

2023

Held for trading

94

182

Total

37.6 Net Gains or Net Losses
The Company’s net gains or net losses recognised in profit or loss in 2024 and 2023, respectively, are as follows:
(In € million)

Financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Designated on initial recognition

235

(110)

Financial assets at amortised cost

427

(63)

Financial assets at fair value through OCI (previously available-for-sale)

172

(66)

Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

(695)

263

Net gains of € +28 million (2023: € +350 million) are recognised directly in
equity relating to financial assets at fair value.

Interest income from financial assets or financial liabilities through profit or
loss is included in net gains or losses.

37.7 Impairment Losses
Loss allowances — For its portfolio of debt instruments including bonds,
term deposits and commercial papers, the Company measures loss
allowances at an amount that represents credit losses resulting from
default events that are possible within the next 12 months, unless the
credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
recognition. In the event of such significant increase in credit risk the
Company measures loss allowances for that financial instrument at an
amount equal to its life-time expected losses, i.e. at an amount equal to
the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events over
the expected life of that financial instrument.

80

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

The Company applies the low credit risk exemption allowing the Company
to assume that there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial
recognition of a financial instrument, if the instrument is determined to have
low credit risk at the reporting date. Similarly, the Company has determined
that its trade receivables and contract assets generally have low credit risk.
The Company applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9 of
measuring expected credit losses of trade receivables and contract assets
on a lifetime basis from initial recognition.
Investment grade instruments — The Company considers a significant
increase in credit risk to have occurred, if there is a downgrade by four
notches such that the instrument moves into a high yield bucket as a direct
result of the downgrade. With respect to instruments that were high yield
at initial recognition, a downgrade by four notches is considered as a
significant increase in credit risk.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.7 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

2
Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

12-month
ECL

Life-time
ECL

Credit
impaired ECL

Total

At 1 January 2024

8

23

50

81

Change in financial assets

1

–

(21)

(20)

Change in risk parameters

8

(12)

20

16

At 31 December 2024

17

11

50

78

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

12-month
ECL

Life-time
ECL

Credit
impaired ECL

Total

17

8

27

52

(In € million)

(In € million)

At 1 January 2023
Change in financial assets

(1)

10

27

36

Change in risk parameters

(8)

5

(4)

(77)

At 31 December 2023

8

23

50

81

The following table breaks down the gross carrying amount of loans and receivables as of 31 December 2024 and 2023, separately showing those
that are impaired, renegotiated or past due:
Not past
due

Renegotiated/
not past due/
not impaired

Gross
impaired

Past due
≤ 3 months

Past due
> 3 and
≤ 6 months

Past due
> 6 and
≤ 9 months

Past due
> 9 and
≤ 12 months

Past due
> 12 months

Impairment

Trade receivables

3,946

–

262

584

145

148

48

367

(356)

5,144

Contract assets

1,536

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

(1)

1,535

Others

3,300

2

142

346

113

23

52

744

(138)

4,584

Total

8,782

2

404

930

258

171

100

1,111

(495)

11,263

Not past
due

Renegotiated/
not past due/
not impaired

Gross
impaired

Past due
≤ 3 months

Past due
> 3 and
≤ 6 months

Past due
> 6 and
≤ 9 months

Past due
> 9 and
≤ 12 months

Past due
> 12 months

Impairment

Total

(In € million)

Total

31 December 2024

(In € million)

31 December 2023
Trade receivables

3,620

–

249

410

127

101

125

452

(359)

4,725

Contract assets

1,850

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

(1)

1,849

Others

2,934

1

147

337

134

32

50

700

(191)

4,144

Total

8,404

1

396

747

260

134

175

1,152

(551)

10,717

The management believes that the unimpaired amounts that are past due are still collectible in full, based on historic payment behaviour and analysis of
customer credit risk, including underlying customers’ credit ratings if they are available.
The following impairment losses on financial assets are recognised in profit or loss in 2024 and 2023, respectively:
(In € million)

2024

2023

Trade receivables

(20)

(19)

Contract assets
Total

–

–

(20)

(19)

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

81

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.8 Other Notes

2.8 Other Notes
38.	Litigation and Claims
Litigation and claims — Various legal actions, governmental investigations,
proceedings and other claims are pending or may be instituted or asserted
in the future against the Company. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties,
and the outcome of individual matters is not predictable with certainty.
Provisions have been accounted for in accordance with IFRS criteria. It is
reasonably possible that the final resolution of some of these matters may
require the Company to make expenditures, in excess of established
provisions over an extended period of time and in a range of amounts that
cannot be reasonably estimated. The term “reasonably possible” is used
herein to mean that the chance of a future transaction or event occurring
is more than remote but less than likely.

The Company is involved from time to time in various governmental, legal
and arbitration proceedings in the ordinary course of its business, the
most significant of which are described below. Other than as described
below, there are no material governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened) which
may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on Airbus SE’s
or the Company’s Financial Position or profitability.
If the Company concludes that the disclosures relative to contingent liabilities
can be expected to prejudice seriously its position in a dispute with other
parties, the Company limits its disclosures to the nature of the dispute.

Securities Litigation
In August 2021 the Company received notification of two separate claims,
and in March 2022 of a third claim, each filed in the Netherlands purportedly
on behalf of Airbus investors. These claims (the “Dutch claims”) were made
in relation to the previously reported criminal investigations that led to the
Company’s agreements with the French Parquet National Financier (“PNF”),
the UK Serious Fraud Office (“SFO”), the US Department of Justice (“DoJ”)
and the US Department of State (“DoS”), which were approved on 31 January
2020. The Dutch claims assert that the Company violated its reporting
obligations, allegedly leading to an impact on the Company’s share price,
by failing to adequately inform investors and providing false or misleading
information about the criminal investigations, the Company’s use of
intermediaries and alleged corrupt practices, and its related financial exposure,
internal investigations and subsequent measures taken by the Company.
The first Dutch claim was filed with the Amsterdam District Court in August
2021 by a special purpose vehicle incorporated under the laws of Guernsey,
an assignee purportedly representing numerous private shareholders and
institutional investors, seeking a declaratory judgment with damages to be
assessed in follow on proceedings.
The second Dutch claim was filed in December 2021 following a demand
letter sent by a foundation incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands,
a purported representative of unnamed institutional and retail investors
worldwide, starting a class action against the Company before the Dutch
courts. This second Dutch claim targets the Company, certain of the
Company’s current and former directors and officers, and the Company’s
current and former auditors.
The third Dutch claim was a class action filed in April 2022 against the
Company by a foundation incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands.
In accordance with Dutch procedural law, the two Dutch class action

claims were treated jointly as one case. The Dutch claims followed the
filing in 2020 of a putative class action lawsuit in US federal court in the
state of New Jersey, against Airbus SE and members of its current and
former management. The US complaint asserted violations of US
securities laws, alleging false and misleading statements or omissions
concerning, among other things, the Company’s agreements approved on
31 January 2020 with the French PNF, the UK SFO, the US DoJ and the
US DoS as well as the Company’s historic practices regarding the use of
third party business partners and anti-corruption compliance. The matter
was fully and finally settled on 30 September 2022 in exchange for a
payment in the amount of US$ 5 million without any acknowledgement of
liability.
In August 2023 the first Dutch claim was dismissed on the merits, with the
plaintiff appealing this dismissal in November 2023. The second and third
Dutch claims were dismissed on procedural grounds in September 2023,
which plaintiffs appealed in December of that year. The first and third Dutch
claims were finally and fully settled on 30 November 2024 for a non-material
amount, without any acknowledgment of liability. The calendar for appeal
proceedings for the second Dutch claim extends at least to the end of
2025, and could take longer.
The Company cannot exclude the possibility that additional claims are filed
related to this subject matter attempting different theories of recovery in the
same or different jurisdictions. The Company believes it has solid grounds
to defend itself against in the last remaining proceeding. The consequences
of such litigation and the outcome of the proceedings cannot be fully
assessed at this stage, but any judgment or decision unfavourable to the
Company could have a material adverse impact on the Financial
Statements, business and operations of the Company.

Air France Flight 447 Trial
On 1 June 2009, an A330 operated by Air France as flight AF447 from
Rio de Janeiro to Paris disappeared over the Atlantic Ocean with 228 persons
onboard. The wreckage was located in April 2011 after several search
campaigns organised by the Bureau d’Enquêtes et d’Analyses (“BEA”), which
published its final investigation report in July 2012. In the wake of the accident,
the prosecutor in Paris opened an investigation for involuntary manslaughter
and Airbus SAS was charged in March 2011. In September 2019, the
investigating magistrates closed the investigation and dismissed all criminal
charges after a thorough analysis of the technical and criminal legal elements

82

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

of the case. However, the Paris Court of Appeal overturned the magistrates’
decision and ordered a trial for involuntary manslaughter. The Company’s
appeal to the French Supreme Court was dismissed. Following a trial in
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Paris Criminal Court announced in April
2023 that all criminal charges against the Company were dismissed, but
sustained certain civil liability claims. The Paris General Prosecutor filed an
appeal of the dismissal of criminal charges against Airbus and Air France.
As a consequence, there will be a full retrial of the matter before the Paris
Court of Appeal, which is scheduled to commence in September 2025.

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.8 Other Notes

2
Norway NH90
In a notice of termination dated 9 June 2022, the Norwegian Defence Materiel
Agency (“NDMA”) notified NHIndustries SAS (“NHI”) of the Norwegian
Ministry of Defence’s decision to terminate its contract for the supply of 14
NH90 helicopters. In a press release dated 10 June 2022, NHI noted it “is
extremely disappointed by the decision taken by the Norwegian Ministry
of Defence and refutes the allegations being made against the NH90 as well
as against [NHI].” NHI considers the termination to be legally groundless
and reserves its right to take any necessary legal action to challenge it.

The parties initiated a mediation process during the second quarter of
2023, which concluded during the second quarter of 2024 without an
agreement being reached. During the second quarter of 2024 the parties
each filed their respective claims before the Oslo City Court, with the
NDMA having requested a court-led mediation process. This court-led
mediation process is currently scheduled to commence during the first
quarter of 2025, with proceedings before the Oslo City Court otherwise to
commence during the fourth quarter of 2025.

HMRC Export Control Investigation
Airbus is fully cooperating with an investigation by the Revenue and Customs Authority of the United Kingdom into possible violations of the United Kingdom’s
export control rules. It is not expected that the resolution of this matter will have a material financial impact.

39.	Auditor Fees
With reference to Section 2:382a (1) and (2) of the Netherlands Civil Code, the following fees for the financial year 2024 and 2023 have been charged
by EY to the Company, its subsidiaries and other consolidated entities:
2024

2023

Audit of the Financial Statements

13,385

12,656

Other audit engagements (including CSRD fees)

1,589

798

266

233

Other non-audit services

4,498

3,691

Total

19,738

17,378

(In € thousand)

Tax services

Other audit firms have audit fees related to audit process, certification and examination of individual and consolidated accounts of € 9 million in 2024
(2023: € 8 million).

40.	Events after the Reporting Date
The Company has announced plans to adapt the Airbus Defence and Space
organisation and workforce in light of a continued complex business
environment, both externally and internally, especially in the Space Systems
segment where significant financial charges were recorded in 2023 and
2024. Intended measures will include creating a more effective and efficient
organisational structure, especially with regard to headquartered functions,
as well as a full operative end-to-end accountability for its business lines
Air Power, Space Systems and Connected Intelligence. It is expected that
these measures will result in a reduction of up to 2,043 positions within
Airbus Defence and Space until mid-2026. Compulsory actions are not
planned, the information and consultation process with social partners has
begun, details of this adaptation plan need to be finalised with a view to
reaching agreements for implementation starting in the first half year 2025.

The associated costs of defined measures for the Company, to be
recognised as a provision when conditions will be fulfilled, are expected to
amount around € 0.2 billion. No provision has been recognised in respect
of these adaptation plans as no constructive obligation had risen as of
31 December 2024.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

83

84

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

94.67%

Airbus
Aerostructures
GmbH
(Germany)

Airbus
Operations
Limited
(UK)

Airbus
Operations S.L.
(Spain)

Airbus
Operations
GmbH
(Germany)

Airbus GmbH
(Germany)

Airbus
Operations SAS
(France)

5.33%

Airbus
Defence and
Space SAS
(France)

MBDA
(France)

37.5%*

ATR GIE
(France)

50.00%*

Computadoras,
Redes e
Ingeneria, S.A.
(Spain)

Airbus Defence
and Space, S.A.
(Spain)

Airbus Atlantic
(France)

5.27%

Airbus
Canada Limited
Partnership
(Canada)

75.03%*

Airbus SAS
(France)

94.73%

Elbe
Flugzeugwerke
GmbH
(Germany)

45.00%

Airbus
Americas, Inc.
(USA)

Subsidiaries held with no indication of ownership percentage are 100% owned
*indirectly
Legal forms are indicated for information purposes and are not always part of the legal name.

ArianeGroup

50.00%*

Airbus
Defence and
Space Holding
France SAS
(France)

except
1 ordinary
share

100.00%

Airbus Defence
and Space
Limited
(UK)

Airbus SE
(The Netherlands)

GROUP SIMPLIFIED STRUCTURE CHART

Airbus
Helicopters
Deutschland
GmbH
(Germany)

MBDA Group

Ariane Group

Airbus Helicopters

Airbus Defence and Space

Airbus
Helicopters
España, S.A.
(Spain)

Airbus
Helicopters
UK Limited
(UK)

Airbus
Helicopers
(France)

38.53%

Airbus Defence
and Space
GmbH
(Germany)

61.47%

31.12.2024

2. Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial Statements
2.9 Appendix “Simplified Airbus Structure”

2.9 Appendix “Simplified Airbus Structure”

For further information, please refer to the Company’s website.

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

2
Independent auditor’s report
To: the shareholders and the board of directors of Airbus SE

Report on the audit of the financial statements 2024 included in
the annual report
Our opinion

We have audited the accompanying financial statements 2024 of Airbus SE (the Company) based in Amsterdam, the
Netherlands.
In our opinion, the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position
of Airbus SE as at 31 December 2024 and of its result and its cash flows for 2024 in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the European Union (EU-IFRSs) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch
Civil Code.
The financial statements comprise:
• The IFRS consolidated and IFRS company statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024
• The following statements for the year ended 31 December 2024: the IFRS consolidated and IFRS company
income statement, the IFRS consolidated and IFRS company statements of comprehensive income, changes in
equity and
cash flows
• The notes comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information

Basis for our opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Dutch law, including the Dutch Standards on Auditing. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial
statements section of our report.
We are independent of Airbus SE in accordance with the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory
audit of public-interest entities, the Wet toezicht accountantsorganisaties
(Wta, Audit firms supervision act), the Verordening inzake de onafhankelijkheid van accountants bij assuranceopdrachten (ViO, Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, a regulation with respect to independence) and other
relevant independence regulations in the Netherlands. Furthermore, we have complied with the Verordening
gedrags- en beroepsregels accountants (VGBA, Dutch Code of Ethics for professional accountants).
We believe the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion.

Information in support of our opinion
We designed our audit procedures in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole and in forming
our opinion thereon. The following information in support of our opinion and any findings were addressed in this
context, and we do not provide a separate opinion or conclusion on these matters.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

85

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

Our understanding of the business
The Company is globally active in developing, producing and delivering aeronautics and aerospace products and
related services. The Company is structured in three business segments, and we tailored our group audit approach
accordingly. We paid specific attention in our audit to a number of areas driven by the operations of the group and
our risk assessment.
We determined materiality and identified and assessed the risks of material misstatement of the financial
statements, whether due to fraud or error, in order to design audit procedures responsive to those risks and to
obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Materiality
Materiality

€265 million (2023: €292 million)

Benchmark applied

5% of EBIT (2023: 5% of EBIT Adjusted)

Explanation

We consider EBIT as the most appropriate benchmark as it best aligns with the
financial performance expectations of those charged with governance at Airbus SE
and in our assessment the financial information needs of users of the Company’s
financial statements.
In financial years when EBIT is relatively volatile, we deem EBIT Adjusted –
a reported alternative performance measure intended to capture just the
underlying business margin – more appropriate.

We have also taken into account misstatements and/or possible misstatements that in our opinion are material for
the users of the financial statements for qualitative reasons.
We agreed with the board of directors that any misstatements in excess of €13 million (5% of materiality mentioned
above), that are identified during the audit, would be reported to them, as well as any smaller misstatements that in
our view must be reported on qualitative grounds.
Scope of the group audit
Airbus SE is at the head of a group of entities. The financial information of the group is included in the financial
statements.
We are responsible for planning and performing the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence
regarding the financial information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an
opinion on the financial statements. We are also responsible for the direction, supervision, review and evaluation of
the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We bear the full responsibility for the auditor’s report.
Based on our understanding of the group and its environment, the applicable financial framework and the group’s
system of internal control, we identified and assessed risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and
the significant accounts and disclosures. Based on this risk assessment, we determined the nature, timing and
extent of audit work performed, including the entities or business units within the group (components) at which to
perform audit work. For this determination we considered the nature of the relevant events and conditions
underlying the identified risks of material misstatements for the financial statements, the association of these risks
to components and the materiality or financial size of the components relative to the group. We communicated the
audit work to be performed and identified risks through instructions for division and component auditors as well as
requesting the auditors to communicate matters related to the financial information of the component that is
relevant to identifying and assessing risks. In our instructions, we also included targeted audit procedures regarding
the risks of material misstatement associated with the key programs as well as targeted audit procedures regarding
the risk of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and regulations.

86

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

The components are grouped by the Company into three business segments (divisions): Airbus,
Airbus Helicopters and Airbus Defence and Space. The audit of the three segments is performed jointly by EY and
KPMG. The audits of the components in scope are performed in the countries these components are located in,
either by EY or KPMG network firms or by both.

2

In total the scope of our audit procedures covered 96% of consolidated revenue, 97% of consolidated total assets
and 94% of consolidated EBIT. For the remaining entities we performed, amongst others, analytical procedures to
corroborate that our risk assessment and scoping remained appropriate throughout the audit.
We performed site visits to meet with division management and division teams, observe the division operations,
discuss the group risk assessment and the risks of material misstatements. We reviewed and evaluated the
adequacy of the deliverables from component auditors and reviewed key working papers for selected components
to address the risks of material misstatement. We held planning meetings, key meetings required based on
circumstances and we attended closing meetings with division management and division teams. During these
meetings and calls, amongst others, the planning, procedures performed based on risk assessments, findings and
observations were discussed and any further work deemed necessary by the primary or division or component team
was then performed.
By performing the audit work mentioned above at the components or divisions within the group, together with
additional work at group level, we have been able to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence about the
group’s financial information to provide an opinion on the financial statements.
Teaming and use of specialists
We ensured that the audit teams at group level, division level and at in-scope component level included the
appropriate skills and competences which are needed for the audit of the financial statements of this listed
company in the aerospace industry.
We involved several EY specialists to assist the audit team, including specialists from our tax, actuarial, treasury,
business valuation and forensic departments.
Our focus on climate risks and the energy transition
Climate change and energy transition are high on the public agenda. Issues such as CO2 reduction impact financial
reporting, as these issues entail risks for the business operation,
the valuation of assets (stranded assets) and provisions or the sustainability of the business model
and access to financial markets of companies with a larger CO2 footprint. The Company reported in Section 3.1.4 of
the report of the board of directors how they addressed the climate related risks.
In Section 6.2.2 of the report of the board of directors, the Company discloses its assessment, implementation plans
and ambitions in connection to climate-related risks and the effects of energy transition. Note 3 of the financial
statements describes the climate impacts on the financial performance.
As part of our audit of the financial statements, we evaluated the extent to which climate-related risks and the
effects of the energy transition and the Company’s implementation plans and ambitions in this regard, are taken
into account in estimates and significant assumptions, as well as in the design of controls related to relevant
estimates and assumptions. Furthermore, we read the report of the board of directors and considered whether
there is any material inconsistency between the non-financial information and the financial statements.
Our audit procedures to address the assessed climate risks and the effects of the energy transition did not result in
a key audit matter. However, we describe the audit procedures responsive to the assessed risks such as the
valuation of long-lived assets in the description of our audit approach for the key audit matter Recoverability of key
program assets - long-lived assets.
Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

87

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

Our focus on fraud and non-compliance with laws and regulations
Our responsibility
Although we are not responsible for preventing fraud or non-compliance and we cannot be expected
to detect all fraud or non-compliance with all laws and regulations, it is our responsibility to obtain reasonable
assurance that the financial statements, taken as a whole, are free from material misstatement, whether caused by
fraud or error. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or override of internal
control.
Our audit response related to fraud risks
We identified and assessed the risks of material misstatements of the financial statements due to fraud (also
referred to as fraud risks or risks of fraud). During our audit, we obtained an understanding of the Company and its
environment and the components of the system of internal control, including the risk assessment process and the
board of directors’ process for responding to the risks of fraud and monitoring the system of internal control, as well
as the outcomes. We also considered how the audit committee and the Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability
Committee exercise oversight on behalf of the board of directors.
We refer to Section 3.1 of the report of the board of directors for the risk assessment including the assessment of
risk of fraud that might result in non-compliance with anti-corruption laws and regulation.
We evaluated the design and relevant aspects of the system of internal control and in particular the fraud risk
assessment, as well as the code of conduct, whistleblower procedures and incident registration.
We evaluated the design and the implementation and, where considered appropriate in the context of our audit of
the financial statements, tested the operating effectiveness of controls designed to mitigate fraud risks.
As part of our process of identifying fraud risks, we evaluated fraud risk factors with respect to financial reporting
fraud, misappropriation of assets and bribery and corruption in close co-operation with our forensic and legal
specialists. We evaluated whether these factors indicate that a risk of material misstatement due to fraud or noncompliance with laws and regulations is present. For our audit response related to the risk of non-compliance with
laws and regulations, including bribery and corruption, we refer to the next section.
We incorporated elements of unpredictability in our audit. We also considered the outcome of our other audit
procedures and evaluated whether any findings were indicative of fraud or non-compliance.
We addressed the risks related to management override of controls, as this risk is present in all organizations. For
these risks we have performed, amongst others, procedures regarding the evaluation of key accounting estimates
for management bias that may present a risk of material misstatement due to fraud, in particular relating to
important judgment areas and significant accounting estimates as disclosed in Note 5 Key Estimates and
Judgements to the financial statements. We have also used data analytics to identify and address high-risk journal
entries and evaluated the business rationale
(or the lack thereof) of any significant extraordinary transactions, including those with related parties.
In addition, we identified the following fraud risks:

Risks related to management override of controls in the determination of margin at completion
and recoverability of key program assets
Fraud risk

88

In our audit we gave significant attention to the judgments and assumptions made by
management in the determination of the provision for onerous contracts, specifically the contract
margin, the impairment of assets especially related to the recoverability of assets for key
programs and the program-related provisions and depreciations, and considered whether the

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

2
Risks related to management override of controls in the determination of margin at completion
and recoverability of key program assets
judgments and assumptions indicated a management override of controls that may represent a
risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
Our audit
approach

We describe the audit procedures responsive to the assessed risk of fraud in the description of
our audit approach for the key audit matters:
• Estimations related to revenues and costs at completion for the accounting of onerous
contracts and material over time contracts
• Recoverability of key program assets - long-lived assets

Risks of fraud in revenue recognition
Fraud risk

When identifying and assessing fraud risks, we presumed that there are risks of fraud in revenue
recognition. In our audit we gave significant attention to the cut-off risk of cost incurred for
performance obligations satisfied over time and the cut-off risk on transfer of control for
performance obligations satisfied at a point in time.

Our audit
approach

We describe the audit procedures responsive to the risks of fraud in revenue recognition in the
description of our audit approach for the key audit matter Revenue recognition.

We considered available information and made enquiries of relevant executives, directors (including internal audit,
legal, compliance, human resources and division directors) and the board of directors.
The fraud risks we identified, enquiries and other available information did not lead to specific indications of fraud
or suspected fraud potentially material to the financial statements.
Our audit response related to risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations
We performed appropriate audit procedures regarding compliance with the provisions of those laws and regulations
that have a direct effect on the determination of material amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Furthermore, we assessed factors related to the risks of non-compliance with laws and regulations that could
reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the financial statements from our general industry experience,
through discussions with the board of directors, reading minutes, reading of internal audit and compliance reports,
and performing substantive tests of details of classes of transactions, account balances or disclosures. Specifically,
we have evaluated that the disclosures in
Note 38 of the financial statements reflect the current status of the most significant investigations regarding
suspected breaches of law and regulations. We also evaluated the appropriateness of the contingent liability
disclosure (Note 24) in the financial statements.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

89

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

We identified the following risk of non-compliance and performed the following specific procedures:

Risk of non-compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption legislation
Risk

A part of the Company’s business is characterized by competition for contracts with customers in
high-risk countries and which are often directly or indirectly associated with governments. In
obtaining these contracts, the Company uses commercial intermediaries in a number of
territories. In identifying and assessing risks, taking into account the amounts paid, we considered
the risks of non-compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption legislation in high-risk
countries, including the use of commercial intermediaries, to be an inherent risk.
We refer to the discussion of legal risks in Section 3.1.3 of the report of the board of directors.

Our audit
approach

We performed amongst others the following audit procedures, directed specifically to this risk
and designed and performed in conjunction with our in-house forensic specialists:
• We evaluated the tone set by management and the board of directors as well as the
Company’s approach in managing this risk.
• We evaluated the overall control environment and evaluated the Company’s policies and antibribery and anti-corruption procedures.
• We made inquiries of the audit committee of the board of directors, as well as the Company’s
internal and external legal advisors as to the areas of potential or suspected breaches of law
and regulations relating to bribery, including the status of ongoing investigations. To consider
the relevance and reliability of those inquiries, we corroborated information received with
other available evidence, third parties and we reviewed related documentation.
• We tested the engagement process of commercial intermediaries, related contractual
arrangements and payments to intermediaries.
• We maintained a high level of vigilance to possible indications of bribery and corruption whilst
carrying out our other audit procedures.
• We tested journal entries and other transactions with unusual characteristics using amongst
other data-analytics tools.
• We evaluated the activities and assessed the incident reporting system of Airbus and followup on the most relevant incidents.

We also read and evaluated lawyers’ letters and correspondence with regulatory authorities and remained alert to
any indication of (suspected) non-compliance throughout the audit. Finally, we obtained written representations
that all known instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations have been disclosed to us.
Our audit response related to going concern
As disclosed in Note 35 Capital Management and Note 37 Financial Instruments to the financial statements, the
financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. When preparing the financial statements, the
board of directors made a specific assessment of the company’s ability to continue as a going concern and to
continue its operations for at least the next twelve months.

90

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

2
We discussed and evaluated the specific assessment with the board of directors exercising professional judgment
and maintaining professional skepticism. We considered whether the board of directors’ going concern assessment,
based on our knowledge and understanding obtained through our audit of the financial statements or otherwise,
contains all relevant events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
opinion.
Based on our procedures performed, we did not identify material uncertainties about going concern for the next
twelve months. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
However, future events or conditions may cause a company to cease to continue
as a going concern.
Our key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
financial statements. We have communicated the key audit matters to the board of directors. The key audit matters
are not a comprehensive reflection of all matters discussed.
In comparison with previous year, the nature of our key audit matters did not change.

Revenue recognition
(Reference is made to the disclosures on Note 4 Material accounting policy information, Note 5
Key Estimates and Judgements, Note 11 Segment Information and Note 12 Revenues and Gross
Margin of the financial statements)
Risk

The Group revenue recognition is complex due to its wide range of activities (including the
sale of commercial aircraft and helicopters, sale of military aircraft and helicopters, sale of
space systems, and services), its various types of contracts including non-standard clauses and
the duration of some contracts including long-term development activities.
When identifying and assessing fraud risks, we presume that there are risks of fraud in
revenue recognition relating to cut-off of costs incurred related to over time contracts as well
as the cut-off risk on deliveries related to point in time contracts.
Furthermore, recognition of revenue includes significant management judgments and
estimates including whether the contracts contain multiple performance obligations which
should be accounted for separately and the determination of the most appropriate method
for revenue recognition of these performance obligations. Recognition of revenues comprises
the identification of potential variable considerations reducing the consideration received,
allocation of these considerations to the different performance obligations and assessing if
the performance obligations are satisfied over time or at a point in time.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

91

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

Revenue recognition
(Reference is made to the disclosures on Note 4 Material accounting policy information, Note 5
Key Estimates and Judgements, Note 11 Segment Information and Note 12 Revenues and Gross
Margin of the financial statements)
In particular, the amount of revenue and profit recognized in a year for performance
obligations satisfied at a point in time, is dependent on the transfer of control.
For performance obligations satisfied over time, this is dependent on the assessment of the
stage of completion of performance obligations, as well as estimated total revenues and
estimated total costs. The Company uses costs incurred as the method for determining stage
of completion.
Our audit
approach

Our audit procedures included, amongst others, evaluating the appropriateness of the
Company’s accounting policies related to revenue recognition according to IFRS15 “Revenue
from contracts with customers” and whether the accounting policies have been applied
consistently or whether changes, if any, are appropriate in the circumstances. In addition, we
evaluated the design and implementation and, where considered appropriate in the context of
our audit of the financial statements, tested the operating effectiveness of controls related to
the completeness, accuracy and timing of the revenue recognized. We selected individual
revenue transactions to assess proper identification of the performance obligations in the
contracts and allocation of the consideration amongst the performance obligation (such as the
A400M contract and space systems contracts), the completeness and valuation of the variable
considerations included in the transaction price (notably for A400M contract and space
systems contracts) and the timing of transfer of control.
In order to evaluate the significant judgments and estimates made by management, we read
supporting contractual agreements, met with sales representatives and program teams to
understand and validate the nature of the various obligations to be rendered under the
contract and identify and discuss specific clauses that could prevent transfer of control
(mostly for the sales of commercial aircraft), obtained evidence of transfer of control such as
proof of delivery, tested the costs incurred, examined computation of costs progression and
assessed the reasonableness of the estimated cost to complete included in the cost-to-come
method for performance obligation recognized over time (notably for A400M development
and space systems contracts). We also evaluated the potential impact of the uncertain
geopolitical environment, and the Company’s assessment thereof.
Regarding revenue recognition related to point in time contracts, we gave significant
attention to the timing of the transfer of control (at delivery of the aircraft).
Finally, we determined that appropriate disclosures were made in the financial statements.

92

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

2
Estimations related to revenues and costs at completion for the accounting of onerous contracts
and material over time contracts
(Reference is made to the disclosure on Note 4 Material Accounting Policies,
Note 5 Key Estimates and Judgements, Note 12 Revenues and Gross Margin and
Note 24 Provisions, Contingent Assets and Contingent Liabilities of the financial statements)
Risk

The Group has a large portfolio of long-term contracts for which it needs to assess the
revenues and costs at completion in order to recognize a provision for onerous contract if
needed, and to account for revenue related to material over time contracts.
Provisions for onerous contracts (such as for the A400M contract and a number of space
systems contracts) are recognized when it becomes probable that the unavoidable costs of
meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be
received under the contract.
The identification of onerous contracts and determination of the provisions for such contracts
and revenue recognition of over time contracts require management’s significant judgment
and assumptions associated with estimated revenue and costs at completion of the program,
the achievement of technical milestones, production plan, performance guarantees as well as
key risks such as expected outcome from ongoing negotiations with customers, penalties for
delay or technical non-compliance. We also considered the potential risk of management
override of controls or other inappropriate influence over the financial reporting process.

Our audit
approach

Our audit procedures included, amongst others, evaluating the appropriateness of the
Company’s accounting policies related to estimations for onerous contracts according to IAS
37 “Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets” and whether the accounting
policies have been applied consistently or whether changes, if any, are appropriate in the
circumstances.
We evaluated the design and implementation and, if considered appropriate in the context of
our audit of the financial statements, tested the operating effectiveness of controls for
accounting for onerous contracts and for the assessment of revenues and costs at completion.
We also performed substantive procedures on individually significant programs. We evaluated
the technical and business reviews of the key programs and the updated management’s
assumptions in the identification and determination of, amongst others, the stage of
completion of a project and estimates to complete for both revenue and costs. We tested the
costs incurred to date and the accuracy or appropriateness, and completeness of the data
used in developing these key estimates.
We also evaluated management’s assessment of key contract risks and opportunities to
determine whether these are appropriately reflected in the total estimated costs at
completion, paid specific attention to technical and market developments including inflation
risks and ongoing litigations, contractual obligations and negotiations with customers. We
performed inquiries with the program teams and Heads of Programs in order to confirm our
understanding of the program status and associated risks which may affect total estimated
costs at completion.
Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

93

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

Estimations related to revenues and costs at completion for the accounting of onerous contracts
and material over time contracts
(Reference is made to the disclosure on Note 4 Material Accounting Policies,
Note 5 Key Estimates and Judgements, Note 12 Revenues and Gross Margin and
Note 24 Provisions, Contingent Assets and Contingent Liabilities of the financial statements)
We challenged management’s key assumptions by discussing and reviewing correspondence
with customers, considered the accuracy or appropriateness, and consistency of similar
estimates made in previous years and corroborated the key assumptions with the latest
contractual information.
Finally, we determined that appropriate disclosures were made in the financial statements.

Recoverability of key program assets - long-lived assets
(Reference is made to the disclosures on Note 4 Material Accounting Policies,
Note 19 Intangible Assets and Note 20 Property, Plant and Equipment of the financial
statements)
Risk

Recoverability of capitalized program development costs, other intangible assets and jigs and
tools (long-lived assets) needs to be tested if there is an indicator of impairment or the
reversal thereof.
The main estimates to determine if an impairment of long-lived assets has to be recognized
are the future cash flows and the appropriate discount rates.
Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in forecasting future revenues and costs and
interpreting contractual and commercial positions in determining impairments especially for
material early-stage/multi-year programs, this is a key audit matter.
We considered whether the key judgments and assumptions indicated a management
override of controls that may represent a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.
Inherent uncertainties also include that new or amended climate change related laws and
regulations, political decisions and/or social context may result in the need to revise existing
estimates. Climate change related estimation processes, measurement systems and reporting
standards are expected to further develop over time, which also might result in changes in
estimates.

Our audit
approach

Our audit procedures included, amongst others, evaluating the appropriateness of the
Company’s accounting policies related to estimations for recoverability of assets according to
IAS 36 “Impairment of assets” and IAS 38 “Intangible assets” and evaluating whether the
accounting policies have been applied consistently or whether changes, if any, are appropriate
in the circumstances.
We evaluated the design and implementation and, if considered appropriate in the context of
our audit of the financial statements, tested the operating effectiveness of controls for
identifying and recording impairments of long-lived assets.

94

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

2
Recoverability of key program assets - long-lived assets
(Reference is made to the disclosures on Note 4 Material Accounting Policies,
Note 19 Intangible Assets and Note 20 Property, Plant and Equipment of the financial
statements)
We evaluated the analysis performed by management regarding indicators of impairment,
considering notably future expected orders and deliveries. If an indicator of impairment was
identified, we evaluated the integrity of management’s impairment model.
For long-lived assets tested for impairment, we evaluated management’s assumptions for the
discount rate, the determination of the forecasted revenue (including the timing of expected
deliveries or services and estimated selling price), cost to be incurred (including any
contractual penalties or inflation impact), the expected gross margin, including performing
sensitivity analysis to evaluate the impact of changing some assumptions such as the discount
rate or key business parameters (as price, growth rate), and for the assumptions related to
useful life of the program in the context of climate change. We also performed inquiry of the
Program Controller and Head of Programs to confirm our understanding of the status of the
program.
Finally, we determined that appropriate disclosures were made in the financial statements.

Accounting for derivative financial instruments and hedge ineffectiveness
(Reference is made to Note 37 Financial Instruments of the financial statements)
Risk

The Company operates in a business environment that is exposed to currency volatility. A
significant portion of the Company’s revenue is denominated in
US dollars, while a major part of its costs is incurred in Euros and, to a lesser extent,
in Pound Sterling. In response to these currency risks the Company uses financial instruments
(currency forwards) to mitigate the exposure to changes in currency rates.
The Company applies cash-flow hedge accounting. The accounting policy allows the Company
to re-position the foreign currency hedges and avoid hedge disqualification when a hedged
aircraft is postponed. This is conditioned by the Company’s ability to demonstrate the absence
of a reduction in the number of hedged aircraft over the foreign currency exchange
management hedging horizon.
The magnitude of the Company’s hedge portfolio entails a “mark to market” valuation risk.
Furthermore, potential changes in the delivery assumptions related to aircraft cancellations,
customer defaults and aircraft postponement beyond the foreign currency exchange
management hedging horizon could lead to disqualification of the associated cash-flow
hedges and incorrect accounting.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

95

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

Accounting for derivative financial instruments and hedge ineffectiveness
(Reference is made to Note 37 Financial Instruments of the financial statements)
Our audit
approach

Our audit procedures included, amongst others, evaluating the appropriateness of the
Company’s accounting policies related to valuation of financial instruments and hedge
accounting according to IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” and IFRS 13
“Fair Value Measurement” and whether the accounting policies have been applied
consistently or whether changes, if any, are appropriate in the circumstances.
With the involvement of our Treasury specialists, we evaluated the design and
implementation and if considered appropriate in the context of our audit of the financial
statements, tested the operating effectiveness of controls around the Company’s central
treasury system. We independently calculated the valuation of the treasury portfolio and
evaluated the application of the cash flow hedge accounting rules.
We obtained on a sample basis counterparty confirmation of the outstanding financial
instruments to verify the existence and ownership of the hedge portfolio. Based on a sample
of financial derivative instruments we evaluated whether the fair value of the financial
instruments was correctly determined in line with market valuations.
We verified the documentation of the hedged items supported by both the recoverable
backlog and forecasted production rates over the foreign currency exchange management
hedging horizon. We tested the highly probable assessment
of future aircraft delivery as performed by the Company and challenged key management
assumptions pertaining to order cancellation, airline default and aircraft rescheduling risks.
Finally, we determined that appropriate disclosures were made in the financial statements.

Report on other information included in the annual report
The annual report contains other information in addition to the financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.
Based on the following procedures performed, we conclude that the other information:
• Is consistent with the financial statements and does not contain material misstatements
• Contains the information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code for the management report
(excluding the sustainability statement) and the other information as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch
Civil Code and as required by Sections 2:135b and 2:145 sub-Section 2 of the Dutch Civil Code for the
remuneration report

96

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

2
We have read the other information. Based on our knowledge and understanding obtained through our audit of the
financial statements or otherwise, we have considered whether the other information contains material
misstatements. By performing these procedures, we comply with the requirements of Part 9 of Book 2 and Section
2:135b sub-Section 7 of the Dutch Civil Code and the Dutch Standard 720. The scope of the procedures performed is
substantially less than the scope of those performed in our audit of the financial statements.
The board of directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information, including the management report
in accordance with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code, other information
as required by Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and for ensuring that the remuneration report
is drawn up and published in accordance with Sections 2:135b and 2:145 sub-Section 2 of the Dutch Civil Code.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements and ESEF
Engagement
We were engaged by the general meeting as auditor of Airbus SE on 28 April 2016, as of the audit for the year 2016
and have operated as statutory auditor ever since that date.
No prohibited non-audit services
We have not provided prohibited non-audit services as referred to in Article 5(1) of the EU Regulation on specific
requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities.
European Single Electronic Reporting Format (ESEF)
Airbus SE has prepared the annual report in ESEF. The requirements for this are set out in the
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 with regard to regulatory technical standards on the specification of a single
electronic reporting format (hereinafter: the RTS on ESEF).
In our opinion, the annual report, prepared in the XHTML format, including the partially marked-up consolidated
financial statements, as included in the reporting package by Airbus SE, complies in all material respects with the
RTS on ESEF.
The board of directors is responsible for preparing the annual report, including the financial statements, in
accordance with the RTS on ESEF, whereby the board of directors combines the various components into a single
reporting package.
Our responsibility is to obtain reasonable assurance for our opinion whether the annual report in this reporting
package complies with the RTS on ESEF.
We performed our examination in accordance with Dutch law, including Dutch Standard 3950N “Assuranceopdrachten inzake het voldoen aan de criteria voor het opstellen van een digitaal verantwoordingsdocument”
(assurance engagements relating to compliance with criteria for digital reporting).

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

97

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

Our examination included amongst others:
• Obtaining an understanding of the Company’s financial reporting process, including the preparation of the
reporting package
• Identifying and assessing the risks that the annual report does not comply in all material respects with the RTS
on ESEF and designing and performing further assurance procedures responsive to those risks to provide a basis
for our opinion, including:
• Obtaining the reporting package and performing validations to determine whether the reporting package
containing the Inline XBRL instance document and the XBRL extension taxonomy files, has been prepared in
accordance with the technical specifications as included in the RTS on ESEF
• Examining the information related to the consolidated financial statements in the reporting package to
determine whether all required mark-ups have been applied and whether these are
in accordance with the RTS on ESEF

Description of responsibilities regarding the financial statements
Responsibilities of the board of directors and the audit committee for the financial
statements
The board of directors is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
accordance with EU-IFRSs and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. Furthermore, the board of directors is
responsible for such internal control as it determines is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
As part of the preparation of the financial statements, the board of directors is responsible for assessing the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Based on the financial reporting framework mentioned, the board
of directors should prepare the financial statements using the going concern basis of accounting unless the board of
directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The board of directors should disclose events and circumstances that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern in the financial statements.
The audit committee of the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting
process.

Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objective is to plan and perform the audit engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient and
appropriate audit evidence for our opinion.
Our audit has been performed with a high, but not absolute, level of assurance, which means we may not detect all
material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error during our audit.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial
statements. The materiality affects the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and the evaluation of the
effect of identified misstatements on our opinion.

98

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

2. Independent Auditor's Report
to the shareholders and board of diectors of Airbus SE

2
We have exercised professional judgment and have maintained professional scepticism throughout the audit, in
accordance with Dutch Standards on Auditing, ethical requirements and independence requirements. The
Information in support of our opinion section above includes an informative summary of our responsibilities and
the work performed as the basis for our opinion.
Our audit further included amongst others:
• Performing audit procedures responsive to the risks identified, and obtaining audit evidence that is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion
• Obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control
• Evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by the board of directors
• Evaluating the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures
• Evaluating whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
achieves fair presentation
Communication
We communicate with the audit committee of the board of directors regarding, amongst other matters, the planned
scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant findings in internal control that
we identify during our audit. In this respect we also submit an additional report to the audit committee of the board
of directors in accordance with Article 11 of the EU Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of
public-interest entities. The information included in this additional report is consistent with our audit opinion in this
auditor’s report.
We provide the audit committee of the board of directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters
that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with the board of directors, we determine the key audit matters as those matters
that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements. We describe these matters in our auditor’s
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, not communicating the matter is in the public interest.

Amsterdam, 19 February 2025

EY Accountants B.V.

signed by N.M. Pul

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

99

3. Airbus SE IFRS Company Financial Statements

100

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

3. Airbus SE IFRS Company Financial Statements

3

Airbus SE IFRS
Company
Financial Statements
IFRS Company Income Statement
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

102

IFRS Company Statement of Comprehensive Income
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

102

IFRS Company Statement of Financial Position
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

103

IFRS Company Statement of Cash Flows
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

104

IFRS Company Statement of Changes in Equity
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

105

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

101

3. Airbus SE IFRS Company Financial Statements
﻿

IFRS Company Income Statement

for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023
(In € million)

Note

Operating income
Operating expenses
Dividend received

2024

2023

258

65

(73)

(79)

4,290

7,474

3

3

Gain (Loss) on disposals of investments

7, 10

Impairment of investments

7, 10

–

(19)

7

4,478

7,444

Interest income

1,176

1,015

Interest expense

(1,667)

(1,744)

Total operating result

Other financial result
Total financial result

8

Profit (Loss) before income taxes
Income taxes

9

Profit (Loss) for the period

146

167

(345)

(562)

4,133

6,882

(80)

2

4,053

6,884

IFRS Company Statement of Comprehensive Income
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

2024

2023

4,053

6,884

Change in fair value of financial assets

153

280

Other comprehensive income, net of tax

153

280

Total comprehensive income of the period

4,206

7,164

(In € million)

Profit (Loss) for the period
Other comprehensive income
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:

102

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

3. Airbus SE IFRS Company Financial Statements

﻿

IFRS Company Statement of Financial Position

3

for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

Note

2024

2023

Investments in subsidiaries and associates

10

21,403

20,145

Long-term financial assets

11

4,525

4,497

Non-current other financial assets

11

3,085

2,280

13

18

(In € million)

Assets
Non-current assets

Non-current other assets
Deferred tax assets

9

–

–

Non-current securities

15

8,354

6,986

37,380

33,926

20

12

Total non-current assets
Current assets
Trade receivables
Short-term financial assets

11

43

73

Current other financial assets

11

2,551

2,029

Current accounts Airbus companies

11

6,544

4,663

257

167

Current securities

15

2,710

1,162

Cash and cash equivalents

15

12,290

14,618

Current other assets

Total current assets

24,415

22,724

Total assets

61,795

56,650

Equity and liabilities
Stockholders' equity

14

Capital stock

793

791

Share premium

4,003

3,983

Retained earnings

7,778

2,798

Legal reserves

(201)

(354)

Treasury shares

(590)

(390)

Result of the year

4,053

6,884

Total equity

15,836

13,712

7,482

7,719

Non-current liabilities
Long-term financing liabilities

15

Non-current financial liabilities

11

3,917

3,243

11,399

10,962

15

558

818

Total non-current liabilities
Current liabilities
Short-term financing liabilities
Current accounts Airbus companies

11

31,216

28,938

Current financial liabilities

11

2,556

2,049

Current tax liabilities

9

80

–

Current other liabilities

150

171

Total current liabilities

34,560

31,976

Total equity and liabilities

61,795

56,650

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

103

3. Airbus SE IFRS Company Financial Statements
﻿

IFRS Company Statement of Cash Flows
for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

Note

2024

2023

7

4,053

6,884

(1,176)

(1,015)

Interest expense

1,667

1,744

Interest received

1,092

974

Interest paid

(1,689)

(1,701)

80

(3)

(In € million)

Operating Activities
Profit (Loss) for the period (Net income)
Adjustments to reconcile profit for the period to cash provided by operating activities:
Interest income

Tax expense (income)

9

Impairment of Investments

10

Valuation adjustments
Dividends income

7

–

19

(128)

(132)

(4,290)

(7,474)

1

(5)

Change in other operating assets and liabilities

(51)

(10)

Trade receivables

(7)

15

Change in current and non-current provisions

Trade liabilities

(5)

(6)

Other assets and liabilities and others

(39)

(19)

Cash provided by (used for) operating activities

(441)

(718)

Investing activities
Acquisitions of subsidiaries, joint ventures, businesses and participations (net of cash)

10

(770)

(765)

Proceeds from subsidiaries, joint ventures, businesses and participations (net of cash)

10

3

1,206

Dividends received

7

4,290

7,474

Payments for long-term financial assets

11

(1,282)

(2,957)

Proceeds from long-term financial assets

11

1,390

422

Payments for investments in securities

15

(4,091)

(2,316)

Proceeds from disposals of securities

15

Cash provided by (used for) investing activities

1,515

1,749

1,054

4,813

Financing activities
Increase in financing liabilities

15

100

213

Repayment of financing liabilities

15

(848)

–

11

(132)

(1,206)

Change in current accounts Airbus companies

(1)

Cash distribution to Airbus SE shareholders

14

(2,215)

(1,421)

Changes in capital

14

97

161

Change in treasury shares

14

(276)

(334)

(3,274)

(2,587)

333

(173)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

(2,328)

1,335

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

14,618

13,283

12,290

14,618

Cash provided by (used for) financing activities
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
(1)

15

Airbus SE maintains current accounts with group entities. Total assets and total liabilities in this regard are presented in the balance sheet. The changes in these current accounts are
presented in net in the Company statement of Cash Flows as reflecting the changes in net cash-pool position for the company.

104

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

3. Airbus SE IFRS Company Financial Statements

﻿

IFRS Company Statement of Changes in Equity

3

for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023

Legal reserves(1)
Accumulated other
comprehensive income

(In € million)

Note

Capital
stock

Share
premium

Retained
earnings

Financial
assets at
fair Value

Cash flow
hedges

Treasury
shares

Total equity

Balance at 1 January 2023

789

3,837

4,051

(634)

–

(68)

7,975

Profit (Loss) for the period

–

–

6,884

–

–

–

6,884

Other comprehensive income

–

–

–

280

–

–

280

Total comprehensive income of the period

–

–

6,884

280

–

–

7,164

Capital increase

2

146

–

–

–

–

148

Share-based payment (IFRS 2)

–

–

168

–

–

–

168

Cash distribution to Airbus SE shareholders

–

–

(1,421)

–

–

–

(1,421)

Change in treasury shares

–

–

–

–

–

(322)

(322)

791

3,983

9,682

(354)

–

(390)

13,712

–

–

4,053

–

–

–

4,053

Balance at 31 December 2023
Profit (Loss) for the period
Other comprehensive income

–

–

–

153

–

–

153

Total comprehensive income of the period

–

–

4,053

153

–

–

4,206

2

20

–

–

–

–

22

–

–

311

–

–

–

311

–

–

(2,215)

–

–

–

(2,215)

Capital increase

14

Share-based payment (IFRS 2)
Cash distribution to Airbus SE
shareholders

14

Change in treasury shares

14

Balance at 31 December 2024
(1)

–

–

–

–

–

(200)

(200)

793

4,003

11,831

(201)

–

(590)

15,836

The distribution of Legal Reserves, when positive, is restricted by Dutch law

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

105

4. Notes to the IFRS CompanyFinancial Statements

106

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

4. Notes to the IFRS CompanyFinancial Statements

4

Notes to the IFRS
Company Financial
Statements
109
111
114
116
117
129

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

107

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
﻿

Contents

4.1 Basis of Preparation
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.

The Company
Geopolitical and Macroeconomic Environment
Climate impacts
Material Accounting Policies
Key Estimates and Judgements
Related Party Transactions

109
109
109
109
110
110

4.2 Company Performance

111

7. Total Operating Result
8. Total Financial Result
9. Income Taxes

111
111
112

4.3 Operational Assets and Liabilities
10. Investments in Subsidiaries, Associates and Participations
11. Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
12. Commitments and Contingencies

4.4 Employees
13. Number of Employees

4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments
14. Total Equity
15. Cash, Securities and Financing Liabilities
16. Information about Financial Instruments

4.6 Other Notes
17. Auditor Fees
18. Events after the Reporting Date

108

109

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

114
114
115
116

116
116

117
117
118
121

129
129
129

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.1 Basis of Preparation

4.1 Basis of Preparation
1.

The Company

The Company’s principal activity is acting as a holding and management
company for the subsidiaries of Airbus SE, the “Company”, a European public
limited-liability company (Societas Europaea) with its seat (statutaire zetel)
in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, its registered address at Mendelweg 30,
2333 CS Leiden, The Netherlands, and registered with the Dutch Commercial

2.

4
Register (Handelsregister) under number 24288945. The Company is listed
on the European stock exchanges in Paris, Frankfurt am Main, Madrid,
Barcelona, Valencia and Bilbao. The IFRS Company Financial Statements
were authorised for issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on
19 February 2025.

Geopolitical and Macroeconomic Environment

Regarding the impact of changes in the macroeconomic environment, please refer to “– Note 2: Geopolitical and Macroeconomic Environment ” of the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

3.

Climate impacts

Regarding the Climate impacts please refer to “– Note 3: Climate impacts” of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

4. Material Accounting Policies
Basis of preparation — The Company’s Financial Statements are prepared
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”),
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) as endorsed
by the European Union (“EU”) and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Netherlands
Civil Code. They are prepared and reported in euro (“€”) and all values are
rounded to the nearest million appropriately. Due to rounding, numbers
presented may not add up precisely to the totals provided and percentages
may not precisely reflect the absolute figures.

Due to this application, the Company equity and net result are not equal
to the consolidated equity and net result. A reconciliation of the total
shareholders’ equity and profit for the period is presented in “– Note 14:
Total Equity” of the Company Financial Statements.

In the Company Financial Statements of Airbus SE, unless otherwise
disclosed, the same accounting principles have been applied as set out in
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, except for the valuation
of the investments as presented under investments in subsidiaries and
associates in the Company Financial Statements. These policies have been
consistently applied to all years presented.

Regarding the application of new, revised or amended IFRS issued and
applying from 1 January2024 and issued but not yet applied please refer
to ”– Note 6: Change in Accounting Policies and Disclosures” of the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

In the Company Financial Statements, the investments in subsidiaries
and associates are recorded at acquisition cost. In the Company Income
Statement, dividends received from investments are recorded as
dividend income.

The Company Financial Statements have been prepared on a historical
cost basis, except for the equity instruments, securities and derivative
instruments that have been measured at fair value.

A number of new or revised standards, amendments and improvements
to standards as well as interpretations are not yet effective for the year
ended 31 December 2024 and have not been applied in preparing these
Consolidated Financial Statements and early adoption is not planned:

IASB effective date for
annual reporting periods
beginning on or after

Endorsement status

Amendments to IAS 21: The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates: Lack of Exchangeability

1 January 2025

Endorsed

Annual Improvements Volume 11

1 January 2026

Not yet endorsed

Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7: Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments

1 January 2026

Not yet endorsed

Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 - Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity

1 January 2026

Not yet endorsed

IFRS 18: Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

1 January 2027

Not yet endorsed

IFRS 19: Subsidiaries without Public Accountability

1 January 2027

Not yet endorsed

Standards and related amendments

The information with regard to Capital Management is disclosed in “– Note 35:
Capital Management”, further information about Litigation and Claims refers
to “– Note 38: Litigation and Claims” and Events after the Reporting Date

are disclosed in “– Note 40: Events after the Reporting Date” of the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

109

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.1 Basis of Preparation

Further information about Share-based payment and Employee Stock
Ownership Plans (ESOP) is presented in “– Note 32: Share-Based Payment”
and “– Note 33: Remuneration” of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

5.

Key Estimates and Judgements

The preparation of the Company Financial Statements requires the use of
estimates and assumptions. In preparing these Financial Statements,
management exercises its best judgment based upon its experience and
the circumstances prevailing at that time. The estimates and assumptions
are based on available information and conditions at the end of the financial
period presented and are reviewed on an ongoing basis.

6.

Unless reference is made to the accounting policies described in the
Consolidated Financial Statements, the main accounting policies applied
in the preparation of these Company Financial Statements are described
in each accounting area. These accounting policies have been consistently
applied to all financial years presented, unless otherwise stated.

The details regarding the use of estimates and judgements are described
in “– Note 5: Key Estimates and Judgements” of the Consolidated
Financial Statements.
Key accounting estimates and judgements affecting the assessment and
measurement of impairment are included in “– Note 10: Investments in
Subsidiaries, Associates and Participations” of the IFRS Company
Financial Statements.

Related Party Transactions

Key Management Personnel
The details regarding the compensation of key management personnel are described in “– Note 33: Remuneration” of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Related Party Transactions
A comprehensive exchange of internal services between the subsidiaries
of a multinational corporation like Airbus SE is common practice. In its
responsibility as holding company to manage its subsidiaries and associates;
and to assist the business activities conducted by Airbus companies and

its subsidiaries, the Company applies transfer prices for its business
activities in conformity with market levels and in accordance with national
and international tax requirements (arm’s length principle).

The following table discloses the related party intercompany transactions in 2024 and 2023:
2024

2023

Total
transactions
with
subsidiaries

Total
transactions
with
associates

Total
transactions
with
subsidiaries

Total
transactions
with
associates

Sales of goods and services and other income(1)

4,949

35

7,939

22

(In € million)

Purchases of goods and services and other expenses

(1,089)

(93)

(1,227)

(63)

Receivables at 31 December

6,562

1

4,675

1

Liabilities at 31 December

(34,057)

(2,837)

(26,804)

(2,135)

4,486

82

3,530

86

–

(2,541)

–

(1,813)

Hedge relationships receivables at 31 December

4,912

–

–

–

Hedge relationships payables at 31 December

719

–

–

–

Loans granted / Other receivables due at 31 December
Loans received / Other liabilities due at 31 December

(1)

Mainly including dividends received for € 4,264 million in 2024 (2023: €7,448 million).

For further information about granted guarantees to subsidiaries please
refer to “– Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies” of the IFRS Company
Financial Statements.

110

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

For further information about the impairment and the expected credit losses
on receivables, please refer to “– Note 16.7: Impairment Losses” of the
IFRS Company Financial Statements.

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.2 Company Performance

4.2 Company Performance
7.

4

Total Operating Result
2024

2023

Operating income

258

65

(In € million)

Note

Corporate services rendered to Airbus companies

258

65

Operating expenses

(73)

(79)

Service fees charged by Airbus companies

(30)

(26)

(43)

(53)

Income from investments

4,293

7,474

Dividends received

4,290

7,471

3

3

–

(19)

–

(19)

4,478

7,441

Administrative expenses

Gain on disposal of investments
Expense from investments
Impairment

10

Total operating result

Corporate services rendered to Airbus companies increased by € 193 million to € 258 million (2023: € 65 million). In 2024, Airbus SE received a dividend
from Airbus SAS of € 3,653 million (2023: € 7,383 million).

8.

Total Financial Result
2024

2023

Interest result

(491)

(729)

Interest income from securities measured at fair value through OCI

274

148

Interest income (expenses) from securities measured at fair value through P&L

368

358

(In € million)

Note

Interest income on financial assets measured at amortised cost

534

509

Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

(1,667)

(1,744)

146

167

177

163

Other financial result
Change in fair value measurement of financial instruments

10

Impairment and Expected Credit Loss

16

(2)

2

Others(1)

(29)

2

Total financial result

(345)

(562)

(1)

Other includes various amounts such as foreign exchange result, bank fees and guarantee fees.

The Company is acting as a financial market agent on behalf of its subsidiaries, therefore the fair value changes of derivatives are reported on a net basis.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

111

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.2 Company Performance

9.

Income Taxes

The Company is tax registered in the Netherlands. The Company is heading
a fiscal unity, which also includes Airbus Netherlands B.V. Therefore the
Company is severally and jointly liable for income tax liabilities of the fiscal
unity as a whole.
Income taxes — The tax expense for the year comprises deferred tax.
Tax is recognised in the Income Statement, except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised directly in Other Comprehensive Income.

The amount of income tax included in the Income Statement is determined
in accordance with the rules established by the tax authorities in the
Netherlands, based on which income taxes are payable or recoverable.
Deferred tax assets and/or liabilities, arising from temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and the tax base of
assets and liabilities, are calculated using the substantively enacted tax rates
expected to apply when they are realised or settled. Deferred tax assets are
recognised if it is probable that they will be realised.

The expense for income taxes is comprised of the following:
(In € million)

2024

2023

Current tax income (expense)

(80)

2

thereof global minimum top-up tax

(1)

–

Deferred tax income (expense)

–

–

(80)

2

Total

The Group is subject to the global minimum top-up tax under Pillar Two tax
legislation. The Group recognised a current tax expense of € 1 million related
to the top-up tax (2023: € 0 million) which is levied on the Company.

The Group has applied a temporary mandatory relief from deferred tax
accounting for the impacts of the top-up tax and accounts for it as a current
tax when it is incurred

The following table shows reconciliation from the theoretical income tax (expense) using the Dutch corporate tax rate to the reported income tax (expense):
(In € million)

2024

2023

Profit (loss) before income taxes

4,133

6,882

Corporate income tax rate

25.8%

25.8%

Expected income (expense) for income taxes

(1,066)

(1,776)

Effects from tax rate differentials/Change of tax rate

–

–

Non-taxable income from investment and associates

1,153

1,970

Income from other companies within the fiscal unity

(1)

(1)

–

–

Other non-deductible expenses and tax-free income

49

(2)

Changes in valuation allowances(1)

(136)

(190)

Impairment on investment and associates

Tax contingencies

(79)

–

Reported income (expense) for income taxes

(80)

2

(1)

Reassessment of recoverability of deferred tax assets based on future taxable profits.

112

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.2 Company Performance

4
Deferred income taxes as of 31 December 2024 are related to the following assets and liabilities:

1 January 2024

Movement
through income
statement

Other movements

31 December 2024

(In € million)

Deferred
tax assets

Deferred
tax liabilities

OCI

Others

Deferred
tax benefit
(expense)

Securities

91

–

(39)

–

–

52

–

Financial instruments

307

(13)

–

–

127

427

(6)

Net operating loss and tax loss carry forwards

68

–

–

–

9

77

–

Deferred tax assets (liabilities)
before offsetting

466

(13)

(39)

–

136

556

(6)

Valuation allowances on deferred tax assets

(453)

–

39

–

(136)

(550)

–

(13)

13

–

–

–

(6)

6

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

Set-off
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)

Deferred
tax assets

Deferred
tax liabilities

Deferred income taxes as of 31 December 2023 are related to the following assets and liabilities:

1 January 2023

Movement
through income
statement

Other movements

31 December 2023

(In € million)

Deferred
tax assets

Deferred
tax liabilities

OCI

Others

Deferred
tax benefit
(expense)

Securities

164

–

(73)

–

–

91

–

Financial instruments

125

(18)

–

–

187

307

(13)

Net operating loss and tax loss carry forwards

Deferred
tax assets

Deferred
tax liabilities

60

–

–

–

8

68

–

Deferred tax assets (liabilities)
before offsetting

349

(18)

(73)

–

195

466

(13)

Valuation allowances on deferred tax assets

(331)

–

73

–

(195)

(453)

–

Set-off

(18)

18

–

–

–

(13)

13

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

(In € million)

2024

2023

NOLs

299

263

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)

Deferred taxes on net operating losses (“NOLs”), trade tax loss carry forwards and tax credit carry forwards are:

Tax credit carry forwards

–

–

Tax effect

77

68

Valuation allowances

(77)

(68)

–

–

Deferred tax assets on NOLs and tax credit carry forwards

As of 1 January 2024, tax losses can be carried forward indefinitely but profits in one year which exceed EUR 1 million will only be offsettable for up to 50
percent of that higher taxable profit against losses, minus an amount of EUR 1 million.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

113

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.3 Operational Assets and Liabilities

4.3 Operational Assets and Liabilities
10. Investments in Subsidiaries, Associates and Participations
(In € million)

Balance at 31 December 2022

Subsidiaries

Associates

Participations

Total

18,775

49

1,446

20,270

Additions

791

–

–

791

Disposals

(1,228)

–

–

(1,228)

Impairment

(19)

–

–

(19)

Share-based payments (IFRS 2)

168

–

–

168

–

–

163

163

18,487

49

1,609

20,145

770

–

–

770

Fair value changes through Profit or Loss(1)
Balance at 31 December 2023
Additions
Disposals

–

–

–

–

Impairment

–

–

–

–

311

–

–

311

Share-based payments (IFRS 2)
Fair value changes through Profit or Loss

(1)

Balance at 31 December 2024
(1)

–

–

177

177

19,568

49

1,786

21,403

For more details please refer to “– Note 21: Other Investments and Other Long-Term Financial Assets” of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Investments in Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Participations
Investments in subsidiaries and associated companies are stated at cost,
less impairment. Dividend income from the Company’s subsidiaries and
associated companies is recognised when the right to receive payment is
established.
The participations are stated at fair value with mainly changes in fair value
recognised in Profit and Loss.
For the purpose of impairment testing all consolidated subsidiaries are
allocated to cash generating units (“CGU”) in a way they are monitored for
internal management purposes. At each balance sheet date, the Company
reviews whether there is an indication that a CGU to which its investments
in subsidiaries and associated companies belong to are impaired.
An indication for impairment of the investments in subsidiaries and
associated companies may include, respectively, management’s
downward adjustment of the strategic plan, a significant decrease in the
share price of a publicly listed company or a significant decrease in future
sales. Further indications for impairment of its investments may include
other areas where observable data indicates that there is a measurable
decrease in the estimated future cash flows. These determinations require
significant judgement. In making this judgement, management evaluates,
among other factors, the financial performance of and business outlook
for its investments, including factors such as industry and sector
performance, changes in technology and operational and financing cash
flow.
If any indication for impairment exists, the recoverable amount of the
investments is estimated in order to determine the amount, if any, of the
impairment loss. An investment is impaired if its recoverable amount is
lower than its carrying value. The recoverable amount is defined as the

114

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

higher of an investment’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in
use.
The determination of the investment’s value in use is based on
calculations using pre-tax cash flow projections. The discounted cash
flow method is used to determine the recoverable amount of a CGU to
which its investments in subsidiaries and associated companies belong.
Refer to “– Note 19 : Intangible assets” of the Consolidated Financial
Statements for more details on key assumptions used.
If the recoverable amount of an investment is estimated to be less than its
carrying amount, the carrying amount of the investment is reduced to its
recoverable amount. Any impairment loss is recognised immediately in the
Income Statement.
Impairment losses recognised in prior periods shall be reversed only if
there has been a change in the estimates or external market information
used to determine the investment’s recoverable amount since the last
impairment loss was recognised. The recoverable amount shall not
exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no
impairment loss been recognised in prior years.
The annual impairment test performed in 2024 led to an impairment
charge of € 0 million (2023: € 19 million).

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.3 Operational Assets and Liabilities

4
Change of Investments in Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Participations
In December 2024, Airbus SE made a capital contribution of € 747 million
in Airbus Defence and Space Limited. During the year 2024, Airbus SE

made other capital increases and contributions to participations and
subsidiaries for a total amount of € 23 million.

Principal investments of the Company
2024
%

2023
%

Stevenage (UK)

100.00

100.00

Bertrange (Luxembourg)

100.00

100.00

Airbus Netherlands B.V.

Leiden (Netherlands)

100.00

100.00

Airbus Defence and Space S.A.

Madrid (Spain)

100.00

100.00

Airbus Bank GmbH

Munich (Germany)

100.00

100.00

Airbus Defence and Space GmbH

Taufkirchen (Germany)

61.47

61.47

Airbus S.A.S.

Toulouse (France)

94.73

94.73

Dassault Aviation S.A.

Paris (France)

10.53

10.24

Airbus GmbH

Hamburg (Germany)

5.33

5.33

Company

Head office

Airbus Defence and Space Ltd.
Aero Ré S.A.

Percentages represent shares held directly by Airbus SE.

11. Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities
Financial assets at 31 December 2024 and 2023:
31 December
2024

(In € million)

2023

Long-term loans Airbus companies

4,525

4,497

Positive fair values of derivative financial instruments

3,085

2,280

Non-current financial assets

7,610

6,777

Positive fair values of derivative financial instruments

2,551

2,029

Current portion long-term loans Airbus companies

43

73

6,544

4,663

(1)

Current accounts Airbus companies

(1)

Current financial assets

9,138

6,765

Total

16,748

13,542

(1)

The receivables from subsidiaries include mainly transactions in connection with the cash pooling in the Company. Terms and conditions are in agreement with the prevailing
market environment.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

115

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.4 Employees

Financial liabilities at 31 December 2024and 2023:
31 December
(In € million)

2024

2023

Negative fair values of derivative financial instruments

3,917

3,243

Non-current financial liabilities

3,917

3,243

2,556

2,049

Negative fair values of derivative financial instruments
Current accounts Airbus companies

31,216

28,938

Current financial liabilities

33,772

30,987

Total

37,689

34,230

(1)

(1)

The liabilities to subsidiaries include mainly transactions in connection with the cash pooling in Airbus SE. Terms and conditions are in agreement with the prevailing market
environment.

12. Commitments and Contingencies
Off-Balance Sheet Commitments
Airbus SE issued guarantees on behalf of Airbus companies in the amount of
€ 11,571 million (2023: € 11,947 million). The commitments of these companies
to third parties mainly relate to their operating business as described in
“– Note 20: Property, Plant and Equipment”, “– Note 27: Sales Financing
Transactions”, “– Note 37: Financial Instruments” and “– Note 36.3: Financing
Liabilities” of the Consolidated Financial Statements.
On 8 December 2015, Airbus SE entered into a partnership agreement to
establish a corporate venture capital fund, dubbed Airbus Group Ventures
Fund II, L.P., with a total commitment amount of US$ 150 million. The
remaining commitment is US$ 5 million at 31 December 2024.

On 22 October 2022, Airbus SE entered into a partnership agreement to
establish a venture capital fund, dubbed Airbus Ventures Fund IV, L.P., with
a total commitment amount of US$ 75 million. The remaining commitment
is US$ 50 million at 31 December 2024.
In addition, the Company has two guarantees to cover its obligation towards
the Scheme and the BAE Systems pension schemes. To mitigate its
exposure, the first guarantee covers an amount up to GBP 1.25 billion for
an unlimited period of time while the second one covers an uncapped
amount terminating in 2046, respectively for the Scheme and the BAE
Systems Pension Schemes.

On 1 April 2019, Airbus SE entered into a partnership agreement with
effective date 1 July 2019 to establish a venture capital fund, dubbed Airbus
Ventures Fund III, L.P., with a total commitment amount of US$ 100 million.
The remaining commitment is US$ 7 million at 31 December 2024.

4.4 Employees
13. Number of Employees
The average number of the persons employed by the Company in the
Netherlands in 2024 was 21 (2023: 19).

116

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

The number of the persons employed by the Company in the Netherlands
as of 31 December 2024 was 21 (2023: 20).

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

4

14. Total Equity
Airbus SE’s shares are exclusively ordinary shares with a par value of € 1.00. The following table shows the development of the number of shares issued
and fully paid:
(In number of shares)

Issued as at 1 January
Issued for ESOP
Issued as at 31 December
Treasury shares
Outstanding at 31 December
Authorised shares

Holders of ordinary shares are entitled to dividends and are entitled to one
vote per share at general meetings of the Company.
Capital stock comprises the nominal amount of shares outstanding. The
addition to capital stock represents the contribution for exercised options
by employees of € 1,824,249 (in 2023: € 2,254,426) in compliance with
the implemented Stock Option Plans and the Employee Stock Ownership
Plans (“ESOP”).
Share premium mainly results from contributions in kind in the course of
the creation of the Company, cash contributions from the Company’s
Initial Public Offering, capital increases and reductions due to the issuance
and cancellation of shares.
Retained earnings include mainly the profit of the period and cash
dividend payments to Airbus SE shareholders.
On 10 April 2024, the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) decided to distribute
a gross amount of € 1.80 per share and a special dividend of € 1.00 per share,
which was paid on 18 April 2024. For the fiscal year 2024, the Board of
Directors will propose the payment of a dividend of € 2.00 per share and
a special dividend of € 1.00 per share to the 2024 Annual General Meeting
taking place on 15 April 2025. The proposed payment date is 24 April 2025.

2024

2023

790,459,434

788,205,008

1,824,249

2,254,426

792,283,683

790,459,434

(4,327,432)

(3,037,467)

787,956,251

787,421,967

3,000,000,000

3,000,000,000

Legal reserves include:
• change from financial assets at fair value (see “– Note 16: Information
about Financial Instruments” of the IFRS Company Financial Statements);
• change in fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
(see “– Note 16: Information about Financial Instruments” of the IFRS
Company Financial Statements).
According to Dutch law, Legal reserves cannot be distributed for dividend
purposes when positive.
Treasury shares represent the amount paid or payable for own shares
held in treasury. During 2024, the number of treasury stock held by the
Company increased to 4,327,432 compared to 3,037,467 as of
31 December 2023, mainly due to the share buybacks partly offset by
delivery of shares under ESOP in 2024 and vested shares in 2024 under
LTIP 2020 (see “– Note 32: Share-based Payment” of the Consolidated
Financial Statements). No shares were sold back to the market nor
cancelled in 2024 (2023: 0 shares).

Authorisations Granted by the Annual’ General Meeting of Airbus SE Held on 10 April 2024
On 10 April 2024, the AGM of the Company authorised the Board of
Directors, for a period expiring at the AGM to be held in 2025, to issue
shares and to grant rights to subscribe for shares in the Company’s share
capital for the purpose of:
• ESOPs and share-related LTIPs, provided that such powers shall be
limited to an aggregate of 0.18% of the Company’s authorised share
capital (see “– Note 32: Share‑Based Payment” of the Consolidated
Financial Statements);
• funding the Company and its subsidiaries, provided that such powers
shall be limited to an aggregate of 0.3% of the Company’s authorised
share capital (see “– Note 36.3: Financing Liabilities” of the Consolidated
Financial Statements).

For each operation, such powers shall not extend to issuing shares or granting
rights to subscribe for shares if there is no preferential subscription right and
for an aggregate issue price in excess of € 500 million per share issuance.
Also on 10 April 2024, the AGM authorised the Board of Directors for an
18 months period to repurchase up to 10% of the Company’s issued share
capital at a price per share not less than the nominal value and not more
than the higher of the price of the last independent trade and the highest
current independent bid on the trading venues of the regulated market of
the country in which the purchase is carried out.
Furthermore, the AGM authorised the Board of Directors to determine on a
case by case basis the share repurchase programmes to be implemented
by the Company, if any.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

117

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

Reconciliation Consolidated to Company Equity and Net Income
The difference between the total shareholders’ equity according to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Company’s Financial Statements as at
31 December 2024 and 2023 is as follows:
2024

2023

Consolidated Equity

19,606

17,695

OCI – Restatement of investments from Consolidated to Company Financial Statements

3,085

1,951

Retained Earnings – Restatement of investments from Consolidated to Company Financial Statements

(7,526)

(6,398)

Retained Earnings – Valuation investments at historical cost

1,487

1,487

Retained Earnings – Impairment of financial assets

(816)

(1,023)

15,836

13,712

(In € million)

Company's Equity

The difference between the net income according to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Company’s Financial Statements for the year ended
31 December 2024 and 2023 is as follows:
2024

2023

Consolidated net income

4,232

3,789

Income from investments according to Consolidated Financial Statements

(4,443)

(4,357)

(In € million)

Income from investments according to Company Financial Statements

4,264

7,452

Company’s net income (Profit or loss for the period)

4,053

6,884

15. Cash, Securities and Financing Liabilities
15.1 Net Cash
31 December
(In € million)

Cash and Cash equivalents

2024

2023

12,290

14,618

Current securities

2,710

1,162

Non-current securities

8,354

6,986

23,354

22,766

Gross cash position
(1)

Short-term financing liabilities

(558)

(818)

Long-term financing liabilities(1)

(7,482)

(7,719)

(832)

(961)

14,482

13,268

Interest rate swap
Total
(1)

Including € 7 million of lease liabilities (2023: € 8 million).

The net cash position on 31 December 2024 amounted to € 14,482 million (2023: € 13,268 million), with a gross cash position of € 23,354 million (2023:
€ 22,766 million).

118

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

4
15.2 Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents are composed of the following elements:
31 December
(In € million)

2024

2023

Bank accounts and petty cash

1,506

1,198

Short-term securities (at fair value through profit or loss)

10,042

12,410

742

1,010

12,290

14,618

Short-term securities (at fair value through OCI)
Total cash and cash equivalents

Only securities with a maturity of three months or less from the date of the
acquisition, that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which
are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value are recognised in
cash equivalents.

Cash used for investing activities amounted to € 1,054 million, mainly reflecting
dividends received of € 4,290 million partly offset by investment in securities
for € (2,576) million and capital contributions in subsidiaries for an amount
of € (770) million.

The main variations are as follows:

Cash used for financing activities amounted to € (3,274) million and mainly
reflects the dividend payment € (2,215) million and the decrease in financing
liabilities € (748) million (see IFRS Company Statement of Cash Flows for
the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023).

Cash provided by operating activities amounted to € (441) million in 2024.

15.3 Securities
31 December
(In € million)

2024

2023

Current securities (at fair value through OCI)

2,710

1,162

Non-current securities (at fair value through OCI)

8,354

6,986

Total securities

11,064

8,148

The majority of the Company’s securities consists of debt securities and
are classified at fair value through OCI (see “– Note 37.2: Carrying
Amounts and Fair Values of Financial Instruments” of the Consolidated
Financial Statements).

Included in the securities portfolio as of 31 December 2024 and 2023,
respectively, are corporate and government bonds bearing either fixed
rate coupons (€ 11,258 million nominal value; 2023: € 8,496 million) or
floating rate coupons (€ 0 million nominal value; 2023: € 0 million).

The Company’s securities portfolio amounts to € 11,064 million and
€ 8,148 million as of 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively. The security
portfolio contains a non-current portion of € 8,354 million (2023: € 6,986
million), and a current portion of € 2,710 million (2023: € 1,162 million).

When the Company enters into securities lending or other financing activities
that involve the pledging of securities as collateral, the securities pledged
continue to be recognised on the balance sheet. As of 31 December 2024
and 2023, there were no securities pledged as collateral for borrowings
from banks.

15.4 Financing Liabilities
Current and non-current classification – A financial liability is classified
as current if it is due to be settled within 12 months after the reporting date
or if the Company does not have the right at the end of the reporting
period to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after
the reporting period. Otherwise the Company classifies the financial
liability as non-current.

Financing liabilities comprise obligations towards financial institutions,
issued corporate bonds, and borrowing received from associates and
other parties.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

119

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

Principal
amount
(In million)

Carrying amount
(In € million)
31 December
2024

2023

Issuance
date

Coupon or
interest rate

Effective
interest rate

Maturity

Additional
features

EMTN 10 years

€823

–

817

Apr. 2014

–

–

Apr. 2024

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +1.40%

EMTN 5 years

€561

556

535

Mar. 2020

1.63%

1.80%

Apr. 2025

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +2,01%

EMTN 10 years

€461

448

436

May 2016

0.88%

0.98%

May 2026

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +0.50%

EMTN 6 years

€894

861

832

Jun. 2020

1.38%

1.47%

Jun. 2026

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +1.66%

EMTN 8 years

€611

565

546

Mar. 2020

2.00%

2.10%

Apr. 2028

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +2.15%

EMTN 15 years

€500

478

469

Oct. 2014

2.12%

2.21%

Oct. 2029

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +0.84%

EMTN 10 years

€1,250

1,103

1,067

Jun. 2020

1.63%

1.74%

Jun. 2030

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +1.61%

EMTN 15 years

€900

813

793

May 2016

1.38%

1.50%

May 2031

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +0.66%

EMTN 12 years

€1,000

849

822

Mar. 2020

2.38%

2.49%

Apr. 2032

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +2.24%

EMTN 20 years

€1,000

734

706

Jun. 2020

2.38%

2.44%

Jun. 2040

Interest rate swapped
into 3M Euribor +1,93%

US$ Bond 10 Years

US$ 750

693

641

Apr. 2017

3.15%

3.16%

Apr. 2027

Interest rate swapped
into 1D SOFR

US$ Bond 30 Years

US$ 750

643

651

Apr. 2017

3.95%

4.02%

Apr. 2047

Interest rate swapped
into 1D SOFR + 0.31%

7,743

8,315

Bonds
European investment Bank

€165

154

165

Dec. 2023 3M Euribor 3M Euribor
+0.498%
+0.498%

Dec. 2038

KfW Developpement Bank

€150

136

48

Jul. 2023 3M Euribor 3M Euribor
+0.59%
+0.59%

Jul. 2029

290

213

Total

8,033

8,528

Thereof non-current financing liabilities

7,477

7,711

Thereof current financing liabilities

556

817

Liabilities to financial institutions

Long-term financing liabilities, mainly comprising bonds and liabilities to
financial institutions, decreased by € (234) million to € 7,477 million (2023:
€ 7,711 million), mainly due to a transfer to short term of EMTN 5 years maturing
in 2025, new loans from financial institutions (€ 100 million), and the decrease
in values of bonds linked to lower interest rates (see “– Note 16: Information
about Financial Instruments” of the IFRS Company Financial Statements).

120

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

Short-term financing liabilities decreased by € (261) million to € 556 million
(2023: € 817 million), mainly due to the EMTN 10 Years maturing in 2024 and
EMTN 5 Years maturing in 2025.
The Company can issue commercial papers under its € 11 billion Negotiable
European Commercial Paper (“NEuCP”) programme, its € 4 billion Euro
Commercial Paper (“ECP”) programme and its US$ 3 billion US Commercial
Paper programme.

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

4
As of 31 December 2024, there were no outstanding amounts under any of its Commercial Paper Programme.
Non-cash movements

(In € million)

Balance at
1 January
2024

Cash
flows

Fair value
through profit
or loss

Foreign
exchange
movements

Others

Balance at
31 December
2024

8,315

(825)

155

81

17

7,743

Bonds and commercial papers
Liabilities to financial institutions
Total

213

77

–

–

–

290

8,528

(748)

155

81

17

8,033

Non-cash movements

(In € million)

Balance at
1 January
2023

Cash
flows

Fair value
through profit
or loss

Foreign
exchange
movements

Others

Balance at
31 December
2023

7,903

–

449

(49)

12

8,315

Bonds and commercial papers
Liabilities to financial institutions
Total

–

213

–

–

–

213

7,903

213

449

(49)

12

8,528

16. Information about Financial Instruments
16.1 Financial Risk Management
The Company acts as an intermediary for its subsidiaries when they wish
to enter into derivative contracts to hedge against foreign exchange risk or
other market risks such as interest rate risk, commodity price risk or equity
price risk. The Company’s practice is to set up a derivative contract with
a subsidiary and at the same time enter into a back-to-back derivative
transaction with a bank. Contracts with subsidiaries being thus mirrored (on
a one-to-one basis) by contracts with banks, the Company’s net exposure
is virtually zero. There are, however, a few derivative contracts the Company
holds in order to hedge its own market risk exposure.
As the Company’s back-to-back hedge contracts are entered into with
different counterparties, their fair values are reflected separately in the

Market Risk

Foreign exchange risk — The Company manages a long‒term hedge
portfolio with maturities of several years for its subsidiaries, mainly Airbus,
and to a small extent for its joint ventures or associates. This hedge portfolio
covers a large portion of Airbus’ firm commitments and highly probable
forecast transactions. As explained above, owing to the Company’s back-toback approach, its own exposure to foreign exchange risk is very limited.
Interest rate risk — The Company uses an asset-liability management
approach, performed at Group level, with the objective to limit its interest rate
risk. It undertakes to match the Group risk profile of its interest-bearing assets
with those of its interest-bearing liabilities. Group asset-liability management
is mainly driven by the company's external assets and liabilities. The
remaining net interest rate exposure is managed through several types of
interest rate derivatives, such as interest rate swaps and interest rate futures
contracts, in order to minimize risks and financial impacts.

statement of Financial Position and recognised as other financial assets
and financial liabilities as disclosed in “– Note 11: Other Financial Assets
and Other Financial Liabilities” of the IFRS Company Financial Statements.
In the Income Statement, the results of the back-to-back hedge
transactions, both realised and unrealised, are presented on a net basis as
the Company acts as an agent for its subsidiaries.
The Company’s overall financial risk management activities and their
objectives are described in detail in “– Note 37.1: Financial Risk
Management” of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The vast majority of related interest rate hedges qualify for hedge
accounting, and most of them are accounted for under the fair value
hedge model. As a result, both the fair value changes of these derivatives
and the portion of the hedged items’ fair value change that is attributable
to the hedged interest rate risk are recognised in Profit and Loss, where
they offset to the extent the hedge is effective. The Company has applied
the relief introduced by the amendments made to IFRS 9 in September
2019 on hedge accounting, having the effect that the IBOR reform should
not cause hedge accounting to terminate.
The Company invests in financial instruments such as overnight deposits,
certificates of deposits, commercial papers, other money market instruments
and short-term as well as medium-term bonds. For its financial instruments
portfolio, the Company has an Asset Liability Management Committee in
place that meets regularly and aims to limit the interest rate risk on a fair
value basis through a value-at-risk approach, from which results a hedge
ratio that is however not actively steered.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

121

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

Commodity price risk — The Company manages a hedge portfolio for its
subsidiaries. Owing to the Company’s back-to-back approach, its own
exposure to commodity exchange risk is very limited.
Equity price risk — The Company is to a small extent invested in equity
securities mainly for operational reasons. Its exposure to equity price risk
is hence limited. Furthermore, it is exposed under its LTIP to the risk of the
Company share price increases.

Sensitivities of market risks — The approach used to measure and
control market risk exposure within the Company’s financial instrument
portfolio is amongst other key indicators the value‒at‒risk (“VaR”). For
information about VaR and the approach used by the Company to assess
and monitor sensitivities of market risks please refer to “– Note 37.1:
Financial Risk Management” of the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company is part of the Group risk management process, which is
more fully described in “– Note 37.1: Financial Risk Management” of the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

A summary of the VaR position of the Company’s financial instruments portfolio at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 is as follows:
Total VaR Equity price VaR

(In € million)

Currency VaR Interest rate VaR

31 December 2024
Foreign exchange hedges
Financing liabilities, financial assets (including cash, cash equivalents, securities and related hedges)

9

–

9

–

131

96

32

83

Equity swaps

–

–

–

–

Diversification effect

(11)

–

(17)

–

All financial instruments

129

96

24

83

11

–

12

1

150

70

29

141

31 December 2023
Foreign exchange hedges
Financing liabilities, financial assets (including cash, cash equivalents, securities and related hedges)

1

1

–

–

Diversification effect

Equity swaps

(15)

(1)

(25)

(1)

All financial instruments

147

70

16

141

The decrease in the total VaR of €18 million (2023: € 147 million) is mainly
attributable to the interest rate volatility stabilization, partially offset by
higher volatility in the equity market in 2024. The derivative instruments
entered into with external counterparties are passed on a 1:1 basis to

Liquidity Risk

The Company’s policy is to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents
at any time to meet its present and future commitments as they fall due.
It manages its liquidity by holding adequate volumes of liquid assets and
maintains a committed revolving credit facility, in addition to the cash inflow
generated by its operating business. The Company continues to keep within
its asset portfolio the focus on low counterparty risk. In addition, it maintains
a set of other funding sources, and accordingly may raise loans from
commercial banks and Development Finance Institutions and issue bonds,
notes and commercial papers or enter into security lending agreements.
Adverse changes in the capital markets could increase its funding costs and
limit its financial flexibility. For further information relating to Commercial
Paper Programme (see “– Note 15.4: Financing Liabilities” of the IFRS
Company Financial Statements).

122

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

Airbus entities. As a result, the respective market risks of the external
derivative instruments are offset by corresponding opposite market risks
of intragroup transactions.

In particular, Airbus signed on 5 July 2022 a € 8 billion Sustainability Linked
Revolving Syndicated Credit Facility in order to refinance its € 6 billion existing
facility signed in 2020.
Further, the management of the vast majority of the Company’s liquidity
exposure is centralised by a daily cash concentration process. This process
enables it to manage its liquidity surplus as well as its liquidity requirements
according to the actual needs of its subsidiaries. In addition, management
monitors the Company’s liquidity reserve as well as the expected cash flows
from its operations.

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

4
The contractual maturities of the Company financial liabilities, based on undiscounted cash flows and including interest payments, if applicable, are
as follows:
1 year

2 years

3 years

4 years

-2 years

-3 years

-4 years

-5 years

More than
5 years

(1,526)

(876)

(742)

(619)

(5,763)

(2,213)

(2,091)

(517)

(55)

(741)

(3,739)

(2,967)

(1,259)

(674)

(6,504)

(29,957)

(738)

(1,522)

(830)

(741)

(6,306)

(6,388)

(2,200)

(1,294)

(926)

(1,051)

(56)

(861)

(46,482)

(32,157)

(2,032)

(2,448)

(1,881)

(797)

(7,167)

Carrying
amount

Contractual
cash flows

< 1 year

Non-derivative financial liabilities(1)

(39,256)

(41,483)

(31,957)

Derivative financial liabilities

(6,473)

(8,400)

(2,783)

(45,729)

(49,883)

(34,740)

Non-derivative financial liabilities(1)

(37,475)

(40,094)

Derivative financial liabilities

(5,292)
(42,767)

(In € million)

31 December 2024

Total
31 December 2023

Total
(1)

Current accounts Group companies are included in “Non-derivative financial liabilities” and have a maturity less than 1 year.

Credit Risk

The Company is exposed to credit risk to the extent of non-performance by
its counterparts with regard to financial instruments or issuers of financial
instruments for gross cash investments. However, it has policies in place to
avoid concentrations of credit risk and to ensure that credit risk is limited.

The booked amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit
exposure. The credit quality of financial assets can be assessed by
reference to external credit rating (if available) or internal assessment of
customers’ creditworthiness by way of internal risk pricing methods.

As far as central treasury activities are concerned, credit risk resulting from
financial instruments is managed by the Company. In order to ensure
sufficient diversification, a credit limit system is used.

In 2024, the trade receivables, neither past due nor impaired amount to
€ 20 million (in 2023: € 12 million).

The Company monitors the performance of the individual financial
instruments and the impact of market developments on their performance
and takes appropriate action on foreseeable adverse development based
on pre-defined procedures and escalation levels.
Sales of products and services are made to customers after having
conducted appropriate internal credit risk assessment.

The Company measures loss allowances at an amount that represents credit
losses resulting from default events that are possible within the next
12 months, unless the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
significantly since initial recognition, as described in “– Note 37.7: Impairment
losses” of the Consolidated Financial Statements. In 2024, an amount of
€ 2 million of impairment loss on financial assets is recognised in Profit and
Loss (2023: € 2 million).

16.2 Carrying Amounts and Fair Values of Financial Instruments
Financial instruments – The Company’s financial assets mainly consist of
cash, short to medium-term deposits, securities and derivatives. The
Company’s financial liabilities include intragroup liabilities, obligations towards
financial institutions, issued bonds and derivatives. The Company has the
same classification and accounting policies as in the Consolidated Financial
Statements. Please refer to “– Note 37.1: Financial Risk Management” of the
Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.

The Company classifies its financial assets in one of the following categories:
(i) at fair value through OCI, (ii) at fair value through profit and loss and
(iii) at amortised cost. Classification depends on the Company’s business
model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the
cash flows.
The Company assigns its financial instruments (excluding its at-cost
investments, which are outside the scope of IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”)
into classes based on their category in the Statement of Financial Position.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

123

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments by class and by IFRS 9 measurement category as of
31 December 2024:
Financial assets and liabilities
at amortised cost

(In € million)

Financial instruments total

Fair value
through
profit or loss

Fair value
through OCI

Amortised
cost

Fair
value

Book
value

Fair
value

1,786

–

–

–

1,786

1,786

Assets
Other investments and long-term financial assets
Equity investments
Loans

–

–

4,568

4,761

4,568

4,761

Trade receivables

–

–

20

20

20

20

5,636

–

–

–

5,636

5,636

–

–

6,544

6,544

6,544

6,544

–

11,064

–

–

11,064

11,064

Cash and cash equivalents

10,042

742

1,506

1,506

12,290

12,290

Total

17,464

11,806

12,638

12,831

41,908

42,101

Bonds and commercial papers

–

–

7,743

8,074

7,743

8,074

Liabilities to financial institutions

–

–

290

298

290

298

Other financial assets
Derivative instruments
Current account Airbus companies
Securities

Liabilities
Financing liabilities

Other financial liabilities
Derivative instruments
Current account Airbus companies
Trade liabilities
Total

124

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

6,473

–

–

–

6,473

6,473

–

–

31,216

31,216

31,216

31,216

–

–

4

4

4

4

6,473

–

39,253

39,592

45,726

46,065

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

4
The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial instruments by class and by IFRS 9 measurement category as of
31 December 2023:
Financial assets and liabilities
at amortised cost

(In € million)

Financial instruments total

Fair value
through
profit or loss

Fair value
through OCI

Amortised
cost

Fair
value

Book
value

Fair
value

1,609

–

–

–

1,609

1,609

Assets
Other investments and long-term financial assets
Equity investments
Loans

–

–

4,570

4,816

4,570

4,816

Trade receivables

–

–

12

12

12

12

4,310

–

–

–

4,310

4,310

–

–

4,663

4,663

4,663

4,663

–

8,148

–

–

8,148

8,148

Cash and cash equivalents

12,410

1,010

1,198

1,198

14,618

14,618

Total

18,329

9,158

10,443

10,689

37,930

38,176

Bonds and commercial papers

–

–

8,315

8,767

8,315

8,767

Liabilities to financial institutions

–

–

213

220

213

220

Other financial assets
Derivative instruments
Current account Airbus companies
Securities

Liabilities
Financing liabilities

Other financial liabilities
Derivative instruments
Current account Airbus companies
Trade liabilities
Total

Fair Value Hierarchy

5,292

–

–

–

5,292

5,292

–

–

28,938

28,938

28,938

28,938

–

–

11

11

11

11

5,292

–

37,477

37,936

42,769

43,228

For further details please refer to “– Note 37.2: Carrying Amounts and Fair
Values of Financial Instruments” of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The fair values disclosed for financial instruments accounted for at
amortised cost reflect Level 2 input.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

125

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

The following table presents the carrying amounts of the financial instruments held at fair value across the three levels of the fair value hierarchy as of
31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively:
31 December 2024
Level 1

(In € million)

Level 2

31 December 2023
Total

Level 1

Level 2

Total

Financial assets measured at fair value
Equity instruments

1,786

–

1,786

1,609

–

1,609

–

5,636

5,636

–

4,310

4,310

11,064

–

11,064

8,148

–

8,148

Derivative instruments
Securities
Cash equivalents

10,042

742

10,784

12,410

1,010

13,420

Total

22,892

6,378

29,270

22,167

5,320

27,487

Derivative instruments

–

6,473

6,473

–

5,292

5,292

Total

–

6,473

6,473

–

5,292

5,292

Financial Assets Designated at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

The financial assets held at 31 December 2024 and designated at fair value
through profit or loss are Money market funds (accumulating).

The Company manages these assets and measures their performance on
a fair value basis.

Nominal amount at initial recognition at 31 December 2024 is
€ 10,042 million (in 2023: € 12,410 million)

16.3 Potential Effect of Set-Off Rights on Recognised Financial Assets and Liabilities
The Company reports all its financial assets and financial liabilities on a
gross basis. With each derivative counterparty there are master netting
agreements in place providing for the immediate close-out of all
outstanding derivative transactions and payment of the net termination
amount in the event a party to the agreement defaults or another defined

Derivative instruments
(In € million)

termination event occurs. The following tables set out, on a counterparty
specific basis, the potential effect of master netting agreements on the
Company’s financial position, separately for financial assets and financial
liabilities that were subject to such agreements as of 31 December 2024
and 31 December 2023, respectively:

Gross amounts
recognised set
off in the
Gross amounts
Financial
recognised
Statements

Net amounts
presented in
the Financial
Statements

Related amounts not set off in the
Statement of Financial Position
Financial
instruments

Cash collateral
received

Net
amount

31 December 2024
Financial assets

5,636

–

5,636

(1,418)

–

4,218

Financial liabilities

6,473

–

6,473

(1,418)

–

5,055

Financial assets

4,310

–

4,310

(1,676)

–

2,634

Financial liabilities

5,292

–

5,292

(1,676)

–

3,616

31 December 2023

126

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

4
16.4 Notional Amounts of Derivative Financial Instruments
The notional amount of interest rate contracts are as follows, specified by year of expected maturity:
Remaining period
1 year

2 years

3 years

4 years

5 years

6 years

7 years

> 7 years

Total

31 December 2024

619

1,359

1,470

621

636

1,250

930

2,728

9,613

31 December 2023

911

654

1,365

1,426

621

524

1,250

3,629

10,380

(In € million)

The notional amounts of equity swaps are as follows:
Remaining period
1 year

2 years

3 years

4 years

> 4 years

Total

31 December 2024

34

–

–

–

–

34

31 December 2023

41

34

–

–

–

75

(In € million)

16.5 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting Disclosure
The following table presents the amounts relating to items designated as hedging instruments:
31 December
2024

2023

Carrying values

Carrying values

Asset

Liability

Asset

Liability

Foreign currency risk

–

–

–

–

Interest rate risk

–

832

(21)

982

Commodity swap risk

–

–

–

–

Equity swap risk

–

–

–

–

Total

–

832

(21)

982

(In € million)

16.6 Net Gains or Net Losses
The Company’s net gains or net losses recognised in profit or loss in 2024 and 2023, respectively are as follows:
31 December
(In € million)

2024

2023

Financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss:
Held for trading

(73)

30

Designated on initial recognition

358

(193)

Financial assets at amortised cost(1)

191

(49)

Financial assets at fair value through OCI

172

(66)

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

177

163

Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

(719)

286

Total

106

171

(1)

Including impairment and Expected Credit Losses on Financial assets at amortised cost.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

127

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.5 Capital Structure and Financial Instruments

16.7 Impairment Losses
Loss allowances — For its portfolio of debt instruments including bonds,
term deposits and commercial papers, the Company measures loss
allowances at an amount that represents credit losses resulting from
default events that are possible within the next 12 months, unless the
credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
recognition. In the event of such significant increase in credit risk the
Company measures loss allowances for that financial instrument at an
amount equal to its life-time expected losses, i.e. at an amount equal to
the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events over
the expected life of that financial instrument.
The Company applies the low credit risk exemption allowing the Company
to assume that there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial

(In € million)

recognition of a financial instrument, if the instrument is determined to
have low credit risk at the reporting date. Similarly, the Company has
determined that its trade receivables generally have low credit risk. The
Company applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9 of
measuring expected credit losses of trade receivables on a lifetime basis
from initial recognition.
Investment grade instruments — The Company considers a significant
increase in credit risk to have occurred, if there is a downgrade by four
notches such that the instrument moves into a high yield bucket as a
direct result of the downgrade. With respect to instruments that were high
yield at initial recognition, a downgrade by four notches is considered as a
significant increase in credit risk.
Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

12-month ECL

Life-time ECL

Credit
impaired ECL

Total

At 1 January 2024

7

–

–

7

Change in financial assets and risk parameters

1

–

–

1

At 31 December 2024

8

–

–

8

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

12-month ECL

Life-time ECL

Credit
impaired ECL

(In € million)

Total

At 1 January 2023

8

–

–

8

Change in financial assets and risk parameters

(1)

–

–

(1)

At 31 December 2023

7

–

–

7

There are no significant impairment on Financial Assets recognized in Profit and Loss in 2024 and 2023 respectively.

128

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

4. Notes to the IFRS Company Financial Statements
4.6 Other Notes

4.6 Other Notes

4

17. Auditor Fees
Fees related to audit and other assurance services rendered by the
Company’s auditor, EY Accountants B.V., for the fiscal year were € 0.9
million (in 2023: € 0.7 million), of which € 0.1 million relates to CSRD
Limited Assurance (in 2023: € 0.0 million).

Fees related to audit and other assurance services rendered other EY
member firms € 3.0 million (in 2023: € 2.3 million) of which € 1.3 million
relates to CSRD Limited Assurance (in 2023: € 0.0 million).

18. Events after the Reporting Date
Regarding the events after the Reporting Date, please refer to “– Note 40: Events after the Reporting Date” of the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

129

5. Other Supplemental Information

130

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

5. Other Supplemental Information

5

Other
Supplemental
Information
5.1 Appropriation of Result

132

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

131

5. Other Supplemental Information
5.1 Appropriation of Result

5.1 Appropriation of Result
Articles 30 and 31 of the Articles of Association provide that the Board of
Directors shall determine which part of the result shall be attributed to the
reserves. The General Meeting of Shareholders may dispose of a reserve
only upon a proposal of the Board of Directors and to the extent it is permitted

132

Airbus | Financial Statements 2024

by law and the Articles of Association. Dividends may only be paid after
adoption of the annual accounts from which it appears that the shareholders’
equity of the Company is more than the amount of the issued and paid-in
part of the capital increased by the reserves that must be maintained by law.

This report is printed on
Amadeus White Silk 300gsm
and Amadeus White Silk 150gsm.
Both are woodfree triple coated,
produced from locally sourced
FSC‑certified pulp and
recycled materials.
Toppan Merrill, London
25-3154

Airbus / An nual Report – Financial Statements 2024

Airbus SE
Mendelweg 30
2333 CS Leiden
The Netherlands

Airbus Annual Report 2024

Financial
Statements
2024

