ALLIANZ GROUP

Courage to
move forward
Annual Report 2023

 To go directly to any chapter, simply click
on the headline or the page number.

 All references to chapters, notes, web pages, etc.
within this report are also linked.

CONTENT
A _ To Our Investors
2
4
10
11

Pages 1 – 11

Letter to the Investors
Supervisory Board Report
Mandates of the Members of the Supervisory Board
Mandates of the Members of the Board of Management

B _ Corporate Governance

Pages 12 – 49

13 Corporate Governance Statement (part of the Group Management Report)
22 Takeover-Related Statements and Explanations (part of the Group Management Report)
24 Remuneration Report

C _ Group Management Report
51
54
109
110
111
113
115
117
118
122
124
127
128

Business Operations
Non-Financial Statement
Business Environment
Executive Summary of 2023 Results
Property-Casualty Insurance Operations
Life/Health Insurance Operations
Asset Management
Corporate and Other
Outlook 2024
Balance Sheet Review
Liquidity and Funding Resources
Reconciliations
Risk and Opportunity Report

Pages 50 – 148

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements
150
151
152
153
154

Pages 149 – 257

Consolidated Balance Sheet
Consolidated Income Statement
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
155
177
206
225

General Information
Notes to Insurance Operations
Notes to Financial Operations
Other Information

E _ Further Information
259 Responsibility Statement
260 Independent Auditor’s Report
267 Auditor’s Report

Pages 258 – 267

TO OUR INVESTORS

A
1

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

A _ To our Investors

In 2023, the theme that dominated the global economy, capital
markets and society alike was the fight against inflation. Over the past
year, no one has been immune to inflation’s corrosive effects on
savings and the affordability of goods. The monetary policies that
were taken to mitigate inflation now appear to have arrested its
trajectory, but present manifold challenges both for businesses and
consumers.
Throughout a period in which our customers and partners experienced
significant increases in their cost of living and challenges in sustaining
their businesses, we maintained our focus on delivering the greatest
possible value to them through our customer service and product
offerings. For our shareholders, we steered our business model and
managed our capital position to overcome inflationary challenges,
ultimately contributing to a record performance. Our ability to
manage inflation in all its forms is proving to be a distinct competitive
advantage for Allianz.

OLIVER BÄTE

We have successfully consolidated our leading position as one of the
largest global insurers and active asset managers, one that is able to
leverage its scale, global reach, and diversified business model to
address the financial and protection needs of more people around the
world. At the end of the 2023, our share price reached a 20-year high,
our total business volume increased by 5.5 % to € 162 bn, and our
operating profit reached another record level, rising by 6.7 % to
€ 14.7 bn.

Chief Executive Officer

Our Property-Casualty segment grew strongly by 8.4 % to almost
€ 77 bn in total business volume. The operating profit topped € 6.9 bn
for the first time, despite another year that was marked by increased
claims resulting from more frequent and severe natural catastrophes.
This clearly confirms our healthy underlying profitability and
underwriting expertise.

2

Our Life/Health segment demonstrated robust growth, with the value
of new business increasing by 2.2 % to € 4.0 bn as we developed
attractive solutions to protect our customers from the effects of
inflation on their savings. The operating profit of € 5.2 bn was strong,
making the Life/Health segment a resilient contributor to our earnings
power.
Our Asset Management segment proved resilient managing through
a volatile environment to deliver an operating profit of € 3.1 bn. We
recorded third-party net inflows of € 21.5 bn – a signal of active
investors’ readiness to invest in the market through us – and we
achieved growth in third-party assets under management to € 1.7 tn.
Together with our continued strong investment outperformance, this
bodes well for further improvements in growth and profitability.
Our shareholders benefited from an outstanding total return of 27 %
for the year, outperforming the European insurance sector, our direct
peers, and the broader European stock market. This performance is
backed by our financial strength and affirmed by the leading financial
rating agencies which place Allianz in the top of our category, at
AA (S&P Global), Aa2 (Moody’s) and A+ (AM Best) respectively, and
fully in line with our ratings objectives. Looking ahead, we will focus on
unlocking the benefits of our scale, further increasing our productivity,
and translating excellent customer experience into profitable
customer growth.
Alongside our strong financial performance, Allianz’s organizational
health further raises our confidence that our company will remain
resilient in the face of volatility and be able to exceed our stakeholders’
expectations in the future:

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

A _ To our Investors

Our brand value is stronger than ever before. Allianz is the world’s
leading insurance and asset management brand for the fifth time in a
row according to Interbrand’s 2023 Best Global Brands ranking, with
our brand value exceeding USD 20 bn for the first time. In addition, in
an increasingly polarized world, Allianz remains the most trusted
insurance brand among our peer set across all stakeholder groups,
according to Edelman Trust Intelligence data. We embrace our
societal responsibility and leverage our strength, stability, and skills to
address the root causes of polarization and secure the future of those
who put their trust in us.
Our customers value the care and service we provide in their moments
of greatest need. We evaluate our business performance based on the
experience of our customers, as their satisfaction and loyalty are
among the most important drivers of our growth. Our latest Net
Promoter Score® results, which measure our customers’ loyalty through
customers’ willingness to recommend Allianz, show that three-quarters
of our operating entities outperformed their peers, a remarkable jump
of 11 percentage points from last year. And we are also proud that
59 % of our operating entities have achieved the distinction of Loyalty
Leadership status, which is a leading indicator for our future market
expansion.

However, our efforts to ensure resilience and to protect what is most
valuable to our customers exceed our organization and touch on
society at large. In 2023, we again demonstrated our industry
leadership in sustainability by publishing our first comprehensive netzero transition plan – with concrete milestones to be achieved by 2030
– detailing our commitment to achieve net-zero emissions in the
investment of policyholder funds and our property and casualty
portfolios by 2050.
As we look ahead, our corporate health and resilience are
foundational to our ability to deliver strong results and returns amid
even the most challenging environments – especially in the
increasingly polarized world we live in today. We are well-prepared to
lead in this context, drawing on the principles of sustainability,
strength, and inclusion at which Allianz has excelled since our founding
134 years ago. Our company and our purpose are as relevant and
important today as they have ever been, and we will not shy away
from this calling.
On behalf of our management team and our employees, I thank you
for your trust in the Allianz Group and look forward to earning your
continued support in the year ahead.

Our success would be impossible without our engaged and healthy
workforce. We are therefore extremely proud that Allianz achieved
record results in all three globally benchmarked indices of employee
engagement against a declining industry trend: our Inclusive
Meritocracy Index increased by 2 percentage points reaching best-inclass levels, our Work Well Index+ rose by 5 percentage points, and our
Employee Engagement Index by 3 percentage points. In addition, our
employee share ownership reached 70 %, which is a remarkable
expression of our people’s confidence in our organization. Our industry
leadership in diversity reflects the strength of our workforce and its
preparedness for the future, and this talent advantage is recognized
by the global Refinitiv Diversity & Inclusion Index 2023, which ranked
Allianz first in the insurance category for the 5th consecutive year.

3

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

A _ To our Investors

SUPERVISORY BOARD REPORT
Ladies and Gentlemen,
As in previous years, the Supervisory Board comprehensively fulfilled
its duties and obligations as laid out in the company’s statutes and
applicable law in the financial year 2023. It monitored the activities of
the company’s Board of Management, addressed the succession
planning for the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board,
and advised the Board of Management on business management
issues.

In the financial year 2023, the Supervisory Board held six meetings and
adopted one written resolution. The meetings took place in February,
March, May, June, September, and December. The written resolution
was adopted in October. All meetings were held as in-person
meetings.
At all meetings held in the financial year under review, the Board of
Management informed the Supervisory Board about the
development of business at Allianz SE and the Allianz Group. In
particular, the Board of Management presented the development of
Group revenues and results as well as business developments in the
individual business segments. The Board of Management provided
comprehensive information about the development of Allianz SE and
the Allianz Group, including the planning as well as deviations of
actual business developments from the planning. In this context, the
Board of Management also regularly discussed the adequacy of
capitalization, the solvency ratio of Allianz SE and the Group, and the
corresponding stress and risk scenarios with the Supervisory Board.
The annual and consolidated financial statements, including the
respective auditor’s reports, the half-year report as well as quarterly
earnings releases were reviewed in detail by the Supervisory Board
after preparation by the Audit Committee.
In the first half of 2023 in particular, the meetings again focused on the
review of the Structured Alpha matter in close dialogue with the Board
of Management, assisted by the law firm mandated by the
Supervisory Board. The reports and deliberations also focused on the
impact of rising inflation rates and interest rates on the overall

4

economy and the insurance sector as well as a range of strategic
topics, including the risk strategy and IT strategy, and the Board of
Management’s planning for the financial year 2024. The status of the
digital implementation of the Allianz Customer Model by means of the
Allianz Business Master Platform and the merger of the global
MidCorp business with the business of Allianz Global Corporate &
Specialty SE under the trading name Allianz Commercial was reported
on at several meetings. Another regular item discussed was cyber risk
security. The Supervisory Board also dealt extensively with personnel
matters relating to the Board of Management as well as succession
planning for the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board.
The deliberations of the Supervisory Board and in particular the
Personnel Committee and Sustainability Committee also included
establishing target achievement and setting targets for the
remuneration of the Board of Management.
The Supervisory Board received regular, timely and comprehensive
reports from the Board of Management. The Board of Management’s
oral reports at the meetings were prepared with written documents,
sent to each member of the Supervisory Board in good time before the
relevant meeting. The Board of Management also informed the
Supervisory Board in writing about important events, including
between meetings. The Chairmen of the Supervisory Board and the
Board of Management held regular discussions about key
developments and decisions. The Chairman of the Supervisory Board
held separate talks with each member of the Board of Management
on each individual’s status of target achievement, both for the
respective half year and the full year.
Once again in 2023, individual and group training sessions were
implemented on the basis of a development plan adopted for the
further training of the members of the Supervisory Board, for example
on the topics of cybersecurity, the sales strategy, and the auditing of
financial statements.

At the meeting on 16 February 2023, the Supervisory Board dealt
extensively with the preliminary business figures for the financial year
2022 and the Board of Management’s dividend proposal. The
appointed
audit
firm,
PricewaterhouseCoopers
GmbH
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft (PwC), Frankfurt am Main, reported
in detail on the preliminary results of its audit. In the further course of
the meeting, the Supervisory Board also discussed the status of the
measures taken to implement results from the audit carried out by the
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) regarding the Group
steering processes and the System of Governance. Comprehensive
discussions were also held on the status of implementation of the
actions adopted by the Board of Management following the
Structured Alpha matter. The Supervisory Board also obtained a
detailed report on the status of the investigations carried out by the
external lawyers into the question of potential misconduct at the level
of subsidiaries in connection with the Structured Alpha matter. The
Board of Management also reported on PIMCO’s Asset Management
business, focusing in particular on governance topics. The Supervisory
Board also discussed the target achievement of the individual
members of the Board of Management and, on that basis, set their
variable remuneration for the financial year 2022, subject to the
approval of the annual financial statements. In this context, the
Supervisory Board decided to make use of its discretion to take
unforeseeable extraordinary developments into account in
determining target achievement and to use the net income
attributable to shareholders, adjusted for the effects of Allianz’s
divestment in Russia, as the basis for target achievement. Against the
backdrop of the Structured Alpha matter, the Supervisory Board once
more also discussed the question of the applicability of the so-called
compliance caveat in paying variable remuneration components to
members of the Board of Management. The independent
investigations of potential breaches of duty by members of the Board
of Management had already concluded in December 2022 that there
were no indications of misconduct by any members of the Board of
Management of Allianz SE. Hence there was no reason to apply the
compliance caveat. As part of the performance assessment, the
Supervisory Board carried out a fit and proper assessment of the
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

A _ To our Investors

members of the Board of Management. The Supervisory Board also
dealt with succession planning for the Supervisory Board. At the end of
the meeting, the Supervisory Board held an executive session without
the Board of Management members being present and discussed
questions relating to succession planning for the Board of
Management as well as the talks of the Supervisory Board Chairman
with investors and proxy advisors.
At the meeting on 2 March 2023, the Board of Management first
reported on the business developments to that date in the financial
year 2023. The Board of Management also presented its report on the
development of risks and solvency in the financial year 2022 and the
outlook for 2023. The annual reports from Internal Audit and
Compliance were also presented and discussed at the meeting. The
Supervisory Board then discussed the audited annual and
consolidated financial statements and the Management and Group
Management Report, including the Non-Financial Statement and the
Remuneration Report, the solvency statements for Allianz SE and the
Allianz Group, as well as the Board of Management’s
recommendation for the appropriation of earnings. The auditor
confirmed that there had been no discrepancies since their February
report and issued an unqualified auditor’s report for the individual and
consolidated financial statements and for the solvency statements.
The auditor did not have any reservations, either, regarding the audit
of the Non-Financial Statement and the Remuneration Report, which
partly went beyond legal requirements. The Supervisory Board then
approved the audited annual and consolidated financial statements.
It approved the Board of Management’s proposal for the
appropriation of earnings for the financial year 2022, the
Remuneration Report and the Supervisory Board Report, the
Corporate Governance Statement, and the Non-Financial Statement.
Furthermore, the Board of Management reported on the status of
investigations into potential misconduct at the level of subsidiaries in
relation to the Structured Alpha matter. In addition, the Supervisory
Board resolved, at the recommendation of the Audit Committee, to
propose to the Annual General Meeting the election of PwC as auditor
for the 2023 individual and consolidated financial statements and for
the review of the half-year financial report for 2023, and to mandate
PwC with the supplementary audit of the Remuneration Report and
the Non-Financial Statement for the financial year 2023. Moreover, the
Supervisory Board reviewed the agenda and proposals for resolution
for Allianz SE’s 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM) and approved
the stipulations of the Board of Management for the virtual AGM. It

5

also obtained extensive information on the status of implementation
of the Allianz Business Master Platform. Lastly, the Supervisory Board
dealt with succession planning for the Supervisory Board and the
Board of Management.
On 4 May 2023, just before the Annual General Meeting, the Board of
Management briefed the Supervisory Board on business
developments in the first quarter of 2023, as well as on the current
situation of both the Allianz Group and Allianz SE, in particular with
regard to the development of the Group’s solvency. The Supervisory
Board also once again dealt with the status of the measures initiated
by the Board of Management following the Structured Alpha matter
and the status of the measures to implement results of the audit
carried out by the BaFin regarding the Group steering processes and
the System of Governance.
The meeting on 23 June 2023 was held at Allianz UK in London. At the
meeting, the Board of Management provided a comprehensive report
on the business developments in the financial year 2023 to that date.
The Supervisory Board also dealt with BaFin’s findings from the review
of the implementation of the insurance supervisory law requirements
for IT and the measures initiated by the Board of Management in
response to these findings. Furthermore, given the substantial progress
in implementing the measures initiated following the Structured Alpha
matter, and at the recommendation of the lawyers mandated by the
Supervisory Board, the Supervisory Board decided to dissolve the
Audit Committee working group specifically set up for this purpose in
2021 and to return to regular reporting. In addition, the Supervisory
Board obtained a comprehensive report on the status of the merger of
the global MidCorp business with the business of Allianz Global
Corporate & Specialty SE under the trading name Allianz Commercial.
The Board of Management also reported in detail on the current
concept of the Allianz Business Master Platform and its
implementation status. Other topics covered by reports included the
Board of Management's decision to leave the Net-Zero Insurance
Alliance, and the business of Allianz UK, which was reported on by the
CEO of Allianz UK. In addition, the Board of Management provided its
regular status report on cyber risks and cybersecurity at Allianz as well
as its annual report on Group data privacy. Finally, the Supervisory
Board again dealt with succession planning for the Board of
Management and Supervisory Board. The mandates of Board of
Management members Dr. Karuth-Zelle and Mr. Townsend were each
extended by five years up until 31 December 2028. At the end of the

meeting, the Supervisory Board held an executive session without the
members of the Board of Management being present and informed
itself about the mid-year talks held between the Chairman of the
Supervisory Board and the members of the Board of Management.
Furthermore, the Supervisory Board discussed the assessment of
Allianz made by an external finance and insurance analyst from the
independent analyst firm Autonomous Research with that analyst.
At the meeting on 28 September 2023, the Board of Management
firstly again reported on the business developments in the financial
year 2023 to that date, focusing in particular on the effects of
damages from natural catastrophes. One of the key items discussed at
the meeting was the Board of Management’s IT strategy, and, in that
context, the implementation status of the current strategy to launch
the Business Master Platform. The Board of Management also
reported on the motor vehicle liability insurance segment in Germany
and provided an update on the business of Allianz Direct. The
Supervisory Board also dealt with the status of business activities in the
Latin America region. Moreover, the Supervisory Board discussed the
upcoming decisions regarding personnel matters relating to the Board
of Management, and – in accordance with the proposal submitted by
the Personnel Committee – approved Mr. Terzariol’s resignation from
the Board of Management and the termination of his service contract
by way of mutual agreement with effect from 31 December 2023. The
Supervisory Board appointed Ms. Claire-Marie Coste-Lepoutre to the
Board of Management of Allianz SE to succeed Mr. Terzariol with
effect from 1 January 2024. Subsequently, the Supervisory Board
discussed the results of the self-evaluation of the Supervisory Board
required by supervisory law and the resulting development plan, which
includes training programs on accounting and the internal model for
the financial year 2024. The Supervisory Board also discussed the
succession planning for the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board
then held its executive session without the members of the Board of
Management being present.
On 1 October 2023, the Supervisory Board extended the mandate of
Mr. Bäte as member and Chairman of the Board of Management until
the end of the day of the Annual General Meeting resolving on the
approval of the actions of the Board of Management for the financial
year 2027 by way of a written resolution. In the same circular
resolution, the Supervisory Board extended the mandate of
Dr. Wimmer as member of the Board of Management up until
30 September 2029.
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

A _ To our Investors

At the meeting on 14 December 2023, the Board of Management first
informed the Supervisory Board about the results for the third quarter,
the further business developments, and the situation of the
Allianz Group. Furthermore, the Supervisory Board discussed the risk
strategy for the financial year 2024 and, closely linked with the risk
strategy, the planning for the financial year 2024. It also obtained a
report from the Board of Management on the status of
implementation of the Allianz Commercial project and on the Asset
Management business of Allianz Global Investors. The Board of
Management also presented its regular status report on cyber risk
security, dealing in particular with global staff shortages in IT. The
Board of Management also reported on the M&A strategy and current
M&A transactions. At that meeting, the Supervisory Board again
discussed succession planning for the Board of Management. It also
reviewed the appropriateness of the Board of Management’s
remuneration and set the targets for the variable remuneration for the
members of the Board of Management for 2024. The appropriateness
of the remuneration for the Supervisory Board members was also
reviewed on the basis of an external benchmark analysis. The
Supervisory Board also dealt with the Declaration of Conformity with
the German Corporate Governance Code. The Supervisory Board then
discussed the results of the self-assessment of its own activities (socalled efficiency review), once again carried out using an internal
questionnaire in 2023. The Supervisory Board also discussed
succession planning for the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board
then held an executive session without the members of the Board of
Management being present and discussed the planning of
Supervisory Board activities for the financial year 2024.

On 14 December 2023, the Board of Management and the
Supervisory Board issued the Declaration of Conformity in accordance
with section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (“Aktiengesetz”)
and posted it on the company website, where it is available at all times.
Allianz SE has complied with all recommendations set out by the
German Corporate Governance Code in the version of 28 April 2022,
and will continue to comply with them in the future. Further
explanations on corporate governance in the Allianz Group can be
found in the Corporate Governance Statement. More details on
corporate governance are also provided on the Allianz company
website.

6

The Supervisory Board has formed various committees in order to
perform its duties efficiently. The committees prepare the consultations
in plenary sessions as well as the adoption of resolutions. They can also
adopt their own resolutions. The composition of the committees can
be found in the Corporate Governance Statement.
The Standing Committee held five meetings in the financial year 2023,
all of which were held as in-person meetings. The committee dealt with
corporate governance issues, in particular the preparation of the
Declaration of Conformity with the German Corporate Governance
Code. The committee also dealt with the preparation of and follow-up
to the Annual General Meeting, extensively deliberating on the format
for the Annual General Meeting. The Standing Committee also
prepared the Supervisory Board self-evaluation as required by
supervisory law and the associated development plan. Collective and,
if necessary, individual training measures are continuously carried out
as part of the implementation of the development plan. The Standing
Committee also reviewed the appropriateness of the remuneration of
the members of the Supervisory Board. Regarding the Supervisory
Board’s annual efficiency review, the committee also discussed the
implementation of the results of the efficiency review conducted in
2022 and prepared the efficiency review for 2023. As planned, the
review was implemented without any external support. Lastly, the
Standing Committee prepared the analysis of the results of the
efficiency review 2023 by the Supervisory Board.
The Personnel Committee held four regular meetings and one
extraordinary meeting in 2023. The regular meetings were held in
person, while the extraordinary meeting took place in a virtual format.
At the meetings, the committee discussed in detail the preparatory
review of the Remuneration Report for 2022 and target achievement
of the members of the Board of Management for the financial year
2022, including the annual Fit & Proper assessment of each member
of the Board of Management. As part of the target-assessment
process, the Personnel Committee discussed in particular the
adjustment of the net income, as a target performance indicator for
variable remuneration, to reflect the extraordinary charges resulting
from the divestment of the Russian business. The Personnel Committee
also prepared the annual review of the appropriateness of the
remuneration of the Board of Management and dealt with potential
amendments to the remuneration system for the Board of
Management. Furthermore, discussions focused on the preparation of

the target setting for the variable remuneration for 2024. The
committee also dealt with the departure of Mr. Terzariol from the
Board of Management. Against this background and in light of the
expiry of various mandates at the Board of Management, the
Personnel Committee intensively dealt with succession planning for
the Board of Management. Lastly, it discussed individual issues related
to mandates or contracts of (former) Board of Management members.
The Audit Committee held five meetings in 2023. All meetings were
held in person. In the presence of the auditor, the committee discussed
both Allianz SE’s annual financial statements and the Allianz Group’s
consolidated financial statements, the management reports including
non-financial reporting, the respective solvency statements, and the
half-year financial report as well as the Remuneration Report. The
auditor presented his respective audit reports. Reviews by the Audit
Committee revealed no reasons for objection. The Board of
Management reported on the quarterly results and discussed them in
detail with the Audit Committee together with the results of the
auditor’s review. The Board of Management also reported regularly on
relevant special topics. In this context, the Audit Committee dealt, in
particular, with the impact of the rise in inflation rates, the divestment
of the majority stake in Allianz’s Russian business, and the
implementation of the new accounting standards IFRS 9 and 17.
At all meetings, the Audit Committee also reviewed and monitored the
status of the processing of the Structured Alpha matter. The focus of its
deliberations in this context was on the status of implementation of the
measures taken in response to the Structured Alpha matter to remedy
the deficiencies identified. The Supervisory Board was regularly
briefed on this matter by the Board of Management and the external
lawyers assisting the Board of Management, and additionally
obtained advice from the independent lawyers mandated by the
Supervisory Board. In the framework of these monitoring activities, the
Committee also discussed the appropriateness and completeness of
these measures. With the support of the lawyers mandated by the
Board of Management and the lawyers commissioned by the
Supervisory Board, the Audit Committee also comprehensively dealt
with the question of potential claims for damages against employees
working for subsidiaries in connection with the Structured Alpha
matter, and prepared the discussion of this topic at the plenary
meetings of the Supervisory Board. The Audit Committee's special
working group specifically set up for this purpose also met twice in

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

A _ To our Investors

February and April 2023 before this working group was dissolved by
the Supervisory Board in June 2023.

head of the actuarial function (Group Actuarial, Planning &
Controlling) presented his annual report.

the implementation of the insurance supervisory law requirements for
IT.

In addition, the committee dealt with the proposal to the Annual
General Meeting for the appointment of the auditor and, following the
Annual General Meeting, the awarding of the audit mandates and
determined key audit areas for the financial year 2023. At Group level,
the focus was on governance processes in connection with ESG
commitments. A review of the design and effectiveness of control
functions, which were transferred to Allianz Technology together with
a large number of IT services, was established as another key audit
area at Group level. Other key audit areas were the review of controls
over non-financial reporting and the assessment of the
appropriateness of horizontal monitoring by Compliance. The results
of the audits of the key audit areas were subsequently reported by the
auditor at individual meetings. The Audit Committee discussed the
assessment of the audit risk, the audit strategy, and the audit planning
with the auditor. In addition, the Audit Committee held several
discussions with the auditor in the absence of the Board of
Management. Moreover, the Audit Committee conducted an
assessment of the quality of the audit and discussed the auditor's fees.
It also dealt with the awarding of non-audit services to the auditor and
approved an updated positive list of pre-approved audit and nonaudit services. As before, the Audit Committee obtained a separate
report from the PwC auditors in charge of the Asset Management.

The Risk Committee held two meetings in 2023, both of which were
held in person. At both meetings, the committee discussed the current
risk situation of the Allianz Group and Allianz SE with the Board of
Management. At the March meeting, the Risk Report and other riskrelated statements in the annual and consolidated financial
statements as well as management and Group management reports
were reviewed with the auditor and acknowledged with approval. The
appropriateness of the early risk detection system at Allianz SE and the
Allianz Group and the result of further risk assessments by the auditor
were also discussed. A recommendation was provided to the Audit
Committee to include the Risk Report, as presented and discussed, in
the Annual Report.

The Technology Committee held two meetings in the financial year
2023, both of which were held as in-person meetings. At these
meetings, the committee extensively discussed the Business Master
Platform and technological innovations. Detailed discussions were
held regarding process mining, data analytics, and artificial
intelligence, as well as the operational implications and profit
contribution potential of these topics. In this context, the Technology
Committee also dealt with the strategy for the use of data and artificial
intelligence. Lastly, the Technology Committee received a report from
the Board of Management on regulatory issues, for instance on the
implementation of the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA).

Furthermore, the Audit Committee was regularly informed by the
Board of Management about the status of implementation of the
measures taken by the Board of Management in response to the
results of a review by BaFin of the implementation of the insurance
supervisory law requirements for IT.
In addition, the Audit Committee dealt extensively with the internal
control systems, the accounting process and internal controls in the
context of financial reporting, the annual review of the Group's system
of governance and the audit plan prepared by Internal Audit for 2024.
The committee also received reports on the implementation of the
requirements of the German Supply Chain Act and discussed the
Board of Management's further planning with regard to the Allianz
Customer Model and the Business Master Platform with the auditor. At
all meetings, reports on legal and compliance issues within the Group,
operational risks, the work performed by Internal Audit, and data
privacy issues were presented and discussed in detail. Furthermore, the

7

At both meetings, the Risk Committee extensively dealt with the risk
strategy, risk appetite, capital management, the external rating, as
well as the effectiveness of the risk management system for the Allianz
Group and Allianz SE. In this context, the committee discussed the
current implementation status of enhancements of the risk and control
framework. The committee also obtained reports on Allianz’s own risk
and solvency assessment and changes to the internal Solvency II
model and discussed the reports in detail with the Board of
Management and the head of the risk function. Moreover, the Risk
Committee again dealt with the war in Ukraine, in particular with
regard to possible scenarios for its further development, and its
potential impact on the risk situation of Allianz. In addition, the Risk
Committee intensively dealt with the impact of rising interest rates and
inflation. In this context, discussions with the Board of Management
and the head of the risk function focused, in particular, on potential
effects on policy-holder termination behavior, as well as – with a view
to liquidity risks – stress scenarios for the life insurance segment and
the asset management segment as well as possible countermeasures.
Furthermore, the Risk Committee dealt with the newly developed risk
metrics for considering the asset management segment when
establishing the risk capital requirements and obtained reports on the
real estate portfolio, its quality, as well as current risk management
measures. In addition, its deliberations focused on the respective
implementation status of the transformation program for the Business
Master Platform and the measures taken by the Board of
Management in response to the BaFin’s findings as part of a review of

The Nomination Committee held five meetings in the financial year
2023, all of which were held in person. A major focus was on succession
planning for the Supervisory Board, in particular with regard to the
elections to the Supervisory Board due in the next few years. The
Nomination Committee intensively discussed potential candidates to
succeed the members of the Supervisory Board who will be retiring in
the coming years. Excellently suited candidates were identified for
each retiring member of the Supervisory Board. They have all declared
their willingness to stand for election to the Supervisory Board at the
Annual General Meetings in 2024, 2025, and 2026. In addition, the
Nomination Committee, together with the Board of Management and
in consultation with BaFin, agreed on specific measures to prepare the
candidates at an early stage for the duties of members of the
Supervisory Board of Allianz SE. These measures include, for example,
preparing candidates in the framework of a mandate or a guest role
on the Supervisory Board of a European subsidiary of Allianz SE, or
other suitable measures, as well as the early identification of training
measures, taking particular account of the fitness requirements
communicated by BaFin. The Nomination Committee also prepared
the discussions regarding the composition of the Supervisory Board
committees from the 2024 Annual General Meeting onwards.
The Sustainability Committee held four meetings in the financial year
2023. One meeting was held as a video conference, while three
meetings were held in person. The committee prepared the
assessment of target achievement by the Board of Management
regarding the sustainability targets for the financial year 2022 and
the definition of sustainability targets for the financial year 2023 by
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

A _ To our Investors

the Personnel Committee and the Supervisory Board. In addition,
the committee dealt in detail with sustainability-related reporting
(Sustainability Report, Non-Financial Statement and Tax
Transparency Report, each for the financial year 2022), including the
planned amendments resulting from an E.U. Directive (Corporate
Sustainability Reporting Directive – CSRD). At the September meeting,
the committee also held discussions with the Board of Management
on the Allianz Group’s long-term climate targets resulting from the
published “Net-zero plan with interim targets for 2030 for key business
areas”, and prepared the setting of sustainability targets for 2024 by
the Personnel Committee. The committee also focused on the ongoing
development of the sustainability strategy, particularly with regard to
the general socio-political and business environment, as well as on the
application of new artificial intelligence technologies for data usage
in customer products. In view of the particular importance of the latter
topic for the Allianz Group’s business activities, also with regard to
aspects of data ethics, the members of the Technology Committee also
participated in the discussion of this topic at the relevant meeting.
The Supervisory Board obtained regular and comprehensive
information on the work performed by the committees.

Overview of members’ participation in Supervisory
Board and committee meetings in the financial
year 2023
Individualized publication of members’ participation in meetings
Presence

%

Plenary sessions of the Supervisory Board
Michael Diekmann (Chairman)

6/6

100

Gabriele Burkhardt-Berg (Vice Chairwoman)

6/6

100

Herbert Hainer (Vice Chairman )

6/6

100

Sophie Boissard

6/6

100

Christine Bosse

6/6

100

Rashmy Chatterjee

6/6

100

Dr. Friedrich Eichiner

6/6

100

Jean-Claude Le Goaër

6/6

100

Martina Grundler

6/6

100

Frank Kirsch

6/6

100

Jürgen Lawrenz

6/6

100

Primiano Di Paolo

6/6

100

8

Presence

%

Michael Diekmann (Chairman)

5/5

100

Sophie Boissard

5/5

100

Jean-Claude Le Goaër

5/5

100

Herbert Hainer

5/5

100

Jürgen Lawrenz

5/5

100

Michael Diekmann (Chairman)

5/5

100

Gabriele Burkhardt-Berg

5/5

100

Herbert Hainer

5/5

100

Dr. Friedrich Eichiner (Chairman)

5/5

100

Sophie Boissard

5/5

100

Michael Diekmann

5/5

100

Jean-Claude Le Goaër

5/5

100

Martina Grundler

5/5

100

Michael Diekmann (Chairman)

2/2

100

Christine Bosse

2/2

100

Dr. Friedrich Eichiner

2/2

100

Frank Kirsch

2/2

100

Primiano Di Paolo

2/2

100

Rashmy Chatterjee (Chairwoman)

2/2

100

Gabriele Burkhardt-Berg

2/2

100

Michael Diekmann

2/2

100

Dr. Friedrich Eichiner

2/2

100

Jürgen Lawrenz

2/2

100

Michael Diekmann (Chairman)

5/5

100

Christine Bosse

5/5

100

Dr. Friedrich Eichiner

5/5

100

Christine Bosse (Chairwoman)

4/4

100

Sophie Boissard

3/4

75

Gabriele Burkhardt-Berg

4/4

100

Michael Diekmann

4/4

100

Frank Kirsch

3/4

75

Standing Committee

Personnel Committee

Audit Committee

Risk Committee

Technology Committee

Nomination Committee

Sustainability Committee

Upon a proposal submitted by the Supervisory Board, the company’s
Annual General Meeting held on 4 May 2023 appointed PwC as
auditor for the annual and consolidated financial statements as well
as the review of the half-year Financial Report 2023. PwC audited the
financial statements of Allianz SE and the Allianz Group as well as the
respective management reports and issued an unqualified auditor’s
report in each case. The management reports each also contain the
Non-Financial Statement. The consolidated financial statements were
prepared on the basis of the International Financial Reporting
Standards (IFRS) as applicable in the European Union. The annual
financial statements of Allianz SE were prepared in accordance with
German law and accounting standards. PwC performed a review of
the half-year Financial Report. In addition, PwC was also mandated to
perform an audit of the solvency statements according to Solvency II
as of 31 December 2023 for Allianz SE and the Allianz Group.
Furthermore, PwC was commissioned to conduct an audit of the
contents of the Non-Financial Statement and the Remuneration
Report.
All Supervisory Board members received the documentation relating
to the annual financial statements and the audit reports from PwC in
due time. The preliminary financial statements and PwC’s preliminary
audit results were discussed in the Audit Committee on
21 February 2024, as well as in the Supervisory Board’s plenary session
on 22 February 2024. The finalized financial statements and PwC’s
audit reports (dated 26 February 2024) were reviewed by the Audit
Committee on 5 March 2024 and discussed in the Supervisory Board
plenary session on 6 March 2024. The auditors participated in the
discussions and presented the results of their audit. Particular
emphasis was placed on the key audit matters described in the
auditor’s report and on the audit procedures performed. No material
weaknesses in the internal financial reporting control process were
discovered. There were no circumstances that might give cause for
concern about the auditor’s independence. In addition, the solvency
statements dated 31 December 2023 for both Allianz SE and the
Allianz Group, as well as the related reports by PwC, were reviewed by
the Audit Committee and the Supervisory Board.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

A _ To our Investors

On the basis of its own reviews of the annual and consolidated
financial statements, the management and Group management
reports, and the recommendation for the appropriation of earnings,
the Supervisory Board has not raised any objections and agreed with
the results of PwC’s audit. It approved the annual and consolidated
financial statements prepared by the Board of Management. The
financial statements have thus been formally adopted. The
Supervisory Board agrees with the Board of Management’s proposal
on the appropriation of earnings.
The Supervisory Board would like to express its special thanks to all
Allianz Group employees for their great personal commitment over the
past financial year.

There were no changes in the composition of the Supervisory Board in
the financial year 2023.
With effect from 1 January 2024, Claire-Marie Coste-Lepoutre was
appointed as a member of the Board of Management. She succeeds
Giulio Terzariol, who resigned from office as of 31 December 2023.
Munich, 6 March 2024
For the Supervisory Board:

Michael Diekmann
Chairman

9

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

A _ To our Investors

MANDATES OF THE MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD
Chairman
Member of various Supervisory Boards
Membership in other statutory supervisory boards and
SE administrative boards in Germany

Vice Chairwoman
Chairwoman of the Group Works Council of Allianz SE
Membership in other statutory supervisory boards and
SE administrative boards in Germany

Member of various Supervisory Boards
Membership in comparable1 supervisory bodies

Chief Executive Officer ISTARI Global Ltd.
Membership in comparable1 supervisory bodies

Employee of Allianz LA.R.D. S.A.
Membership in comparable1 supervisory bodies
Membership in Group bodies

National Representative Insurances, ver.di Berlin
Membership in other statutory supervisory boards and
SE administrative boards in Germany

Employee of Allianz Beratungs- und Vertriebs-AG

Vice Chairman
Member of various Supervisory Boards
Membership in other statutory supervisory boards and
SE administrative boards in Germany

Member of various Supervisory Boards
Membership in other statutory supervisory boards and
SE administrative boards in Germany

Chairwoman of the Board of Management of Clariane SE
Membership in other statutory supervisory boards and
SE administrative boards in Germany

Employee of Allianz Technology SE
Membership in other statutory supervisory boards and
SE administrative boards in Germany
Membership in Group bodies

Employee of Allianz Technology S.p.A.

Membership in comparable1 supervisory bodies

1_Generally, we regard memberships in other supervisory bodies as comparable if the company is listed on a stock exchange or has more than 500 employees.

10

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

A _ To our Investors

MANDATES OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF MANAGEMENT
Chairman of the Board of Management
Membership in comparable1 supervisory bodies

Insurance German Speaking Countries, Central Europe, Global P&C
Membership in other statutory supervisory boards and
SE administrative boards in Germany

Global Insurance Lines, Reinsurance, Anglo Markets, Iberia, Latin America, Africa
Membership in other statutory supervisory boards and
SE administrative boards in Germany
Membership in Group bodies

Membership in Group bodies
Membership in comparable1 supervisory bodies
Insurance Western & Southern Europe, Allianz Direct, Allianz Partners
Membership in comparable1 supervisory bodies
Membership in Group bodies

Membership in Group bodies
Membership in comparable1 supervisory bodies
Membership in Group bodies

Asia Pacific, Mergers & Acquisitions, People and Culture
Membership in comparable1 supervisory bodies
Finance, Risk Actuarial, Legal, Compliance
Finance, Risk Actuarial, Legal, Compliance

Operations, IT and Organization
Membership in other statutory supervisory boards and
SE administrative boards in Germany
Membership in Group bodies

Investment Management
Membership in other statutory supervisory boards and
SE administrative boards in Germany
Membership in Group bodies

Membership in comparable1 supervisory bodies
Membership in Group bodies

Membership in Group bodies

Asset Management, US Life Insurance
Membership in other statutory supervisory boards and
SE administrative boards in Germany
Membership in Group bodies

Membership in comparable1 supervisory bodies
Membership in Group bodies

1_Generally, we regard memberships in other supervisory bodies as comparable if the company is listed on a stock exchange or has more than 500 employees.

11

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

B
12

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT
The Corporate Governance Statements according to §§ 289f and 315d
of the German Commercial Code (“Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB”) form
part of the Management Report and the Group Management Report,
respectively. According to § 317 (2) sentence 6 HGB, the audit of the
disclosures is limited to whether the relevant disclosures have been
made.

Corporate Constitution
of the European Company (SE)
As a European company, Allianz SE is subject to special European SE
regulations and the German SE Implementation Act (“SEAusführungsgesetz – SEAG”) and the German Act on the Involvement
of Employees in a European Company (“SE-Beteiligungsgesetz –
SEBG”), in addition to German Stock Corporation Law.
Notwithstanding, key features of a German stock corporation – in
particular the two-tier board system (Board of Management and
Supervisory Board) and the principle of equal employee
representation on the Supervisory Board – have been maintained by
Allianz SE. The Corporate Constitution of Allianz SE is laid down in its
Statutes. The current version of the Statutes is available on the Allianz
company website.

Regulatory requirements
The regulatory requirements for corporate governance (System of
Governance) applicable for insurance companies, insurance
groups, and financial conglomerates apply. In particular, they
include the establishment and further design of significant control
functions (independent risk control function, actuarial function,
compliance function, and internal audit) as well as general principles
for an effective and proper business organization. These regulatory
requirements are applicable throughout the Group in accordance
with the principle of proportionality. The implementation of the
regulatory requirements is supported by written guidelines issued by
the Board of Management of Allianz SE. Furthermore, Solvency II
requires the publication of qualitative and quantitative information,

13

including a solvency statement. Details on the implementation of
the regulatory requirements for corporate governance by Allianz SE
and by the Allianz Group can be found in the Solvency and Financial
Condition Report of Allianz SE and of the Allianz Group, which are
published on the Allianz company website.

In addition, Allianz SE follows all suggestions of the Code in its version
of 28 April 2022.
The Declaration of Conformity and further information on
corporate governance at Allianz is available on the Allianz company
website.

Declaration of Conformity with the
German Corporate Governance Code

Board of Management

Good corporate governance is essential for sustainable business
performance. The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board
of Allianz SE therefore attach great importance to complying with the
recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code
(hereinafter “Code”), as amended from time to time. There are no
statutory provisions on the basis of which recommendations of the
Code are not applicable to Allianz SE. On 14 December 2023, the
Board of Management and the Supervisory Board issued the
following Declaration of Conformity of Allianz SE with the Code:
Declaration of Conformity in accordance with § 161 of the German
Stock Corporation Act
Declaration of Conformity with the recommendations of the German
Corporate Governance Code Commission by the Board of Management and
the Supervisory Board of Allianz SE in accordance with § 161 of the German
Stock Corporation Act
Since issuing the last Declaration of Conformity on 15 December 2022,
Allianz SE has complied with all recommendations of the German
Corporate Governance Code Commission in the version of 28 April 2022,
and will comply with the recommendations in the future.
Munich, 14 December 2023
Allianz SE

The Board of Management is responsible for setting business
objectives and the strategic direction, for coordinating and supervising
the operating entities, and for implementing and overseeing an
appropriate and effective control and risk management system. The
Board of Management also prepares the annual financial statements of
Allianz SE, the consolidated financial statements of the Allianz Group,
the respective solvency statements, and the interim reports.

The Board of Management of Allianz SE currently has nine members.
As a general rule, its members may not be older than 62. Further
information on the members of the Board of Management can be
found in Mandates of the Members of the Board of Management. The
composition is also available on the Allianz company website, which
also provides the CVs of the members of the Board of Management.
The members of the Board of Management are jointly
responsible for the management of the company and compliance with
legal requirements. Notwithstanding this overall responsibility, the
individual members independently head the departments assigned to
them. They consult with the Chairperson of the Board of Management
on important issues. The Chairperson of the Board of Management is
also responsible for coordinating the departments.

On behalf of the Board of Management:
Signed Oliver Bäte
Signed Giulio Terzariol
On behalf of the Supervisory Board:
Signed Michael Diekmann

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Divisional responsibilities for business segments and/or functional
responsibilities are assigned to the individual departments. The
latter include, inter alia, Finance, Risk Management and Controlling
Functions, Investments, Operations and IT, Human Resources, Legal,
Compliance, Internal Audit, and Mergers & Acquisitions. Business
division responsibilities focus on geographical regions or global lines.
Rules of procedure specify the inner organization of the Board of
Management as well as the departmental responsibilities.
The meetings of the Board of Management are convened and
chaired by the Chairperson. In addition, any member of the Board may
request a meeting, stating the proposed subject of discussion. As a rule,
a meeting of the Board of Management was held every two weeks in
the financial year 2023.
The Board of Management has a quorum if all members of the
Board of Management have been invited to a meeting and at least
half its members – including the Chairperson or a member of the
Board of Management appointed by him – attend the meeting. Unless
otherwise stipulated by law, the full Board of Management takes
decisions with a simple majority of participating members. In the event
of a tie, the Chairperson of the Board of Management has the
deciding vote. The Chairperson can also veto decisions, but he cannot
enforce a decision against the majority vote of the Board of
Management.

The Board of Management has formed committees from among its
members. The task of these committees is to coordinate and decide on
matters of the Board of Management referred to them, to prepare
decisions for the Board of Management reserved to it, and to submit
proposals for resolutions. The committees advise the full Board of
Management. The responsibilities and composition of the committees
are defined in the respective rules of procedure.

14

In the financial year 2023, the following Board of Management
committees were in place:

In the financial year 2023, the following Group committees were
in place:

Board committees

Group committees

Board committees

Responsibilities

Group committees

Responsibilities

Group Finance and Risk Committee
Giulio Terzariol (Chairman),
Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler,
Dr. Günther Thallinger,
Christopher Townsend,
Dr. Andreas Wimmer.

Preparing the capital and liquidity
planning for the Group and Allianz SE;
implementing and overseeing the
principles of group-wide capital and
liquidity management; defining risk
standards and preparing the risk
strategy; approving key financial
transactions and pension-related
transactions; preparing guidelines for
derivatives, Group financing and
internal Group capital management
as well as establishing and overseeing
a group-wide risk management and
risk monitoring system.
Developing and proposing a groupwide IT strategy, monitoring its
implementation, and approving local
and group-wide IT investments as well
as reviewing and overseeing
individual IT projects.

Group Compensation Committee
Board members of Allianz SE and
executives below Allianz SE Board
level.

Designing, monitoring, and improving
group-wide compensation systems in
line with regulatory requirements and
submitting an annual report on the
monitoring results, along with
proposals for improvement.
Specifying the strategic asset
allocation for the Group to enable
consistent implementation by the
operating entities, particularly in
relation to alternative assets;
monitoring performance across all
asset classes, and ensuring consistent
organization of the Investment
Management function and Investment
Governance across the Group.
Defining requirements for sustainable
investments and providing guidance
on the implementation of
sustainability aspects in proprietary
investments.

Group IT Committee
Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle
(Chairwoman),
Sirma Boshnakova,
Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler,
Giulio Terzariol,
Dr. Günther Thallinger,
Christopher Townsend.
Group Mergers
and Acquisitions Committee
Renate Wagner (Chairwoman),
Oliver Bäte,
Giulio Terzariol,
Dr. Andreas Wimmer.

Managing and overseeing Group
M&A transactions, including approval
of individual transactions within
certain thresholds.

Group Investment Committee
Board members of Allianz SE and
Allianz Group executives.

As of 31 December 2023

As of 31 December 2023

In addition to Board of Management committees, there are also Group
committees. They, too, are responsible for coordinating and deciding
on matters of the Board of Management referred to them, for
preparing decisions for the Board of Management of Allianz SE,
reserved to it, and submitting proposals for resolutions. They are also
responsible for ensuring a smooth flow of information within the
Group.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

The Supervisory Board has adopted the following diversity concept for
the Board of Management of Allianz SE:
For the composition of the Management Board, the Supervisory Board
aims for an adequate “Diversity of Minds”. This comprises broad
diversity with regard to gender, internationality, and educational as
well as professional background.
The Supervisory Board assesses the achievement of such target, inter
alia, on the basis of the following specific indicators:
−
−

−

adequate proportion of women on the Management Board;
adequate share of members with an international background
(e.g., based on origin or extensive professional experience
abroad), ideally with connection to the regions in which the
Allianz Group is operating;
adequate diversity with regard to educational and professional
background, taking into account the limitations for the Supervisory
Board by regulatory requirements (fitness).

This diversity concept is implemented via the appointment procedure
for members of the Board of Management by the Supervisory Board.
For the purpose of long-term succession planning, a list of candidates
is prepared and updated on an ongoing basis by the Chairperson of
the Board of Management in consultation with the Chairperson of the
Supervisory Board. It is ensured that lists of successors will comprise
appropriate percentages of candidates with international experience.
This is especially taken into account by the Personnel Committee in
succession planning. The list of candidates includes internal and
external candidates generally meeting the requirements for a
mandate in the Board of Management. In the event of a vacancy on
the Board of Management, the Personnel Committee, after a
thorough examination, recommends a suitable candidate to the
Supervisory Board plenary session. It also reports on the selection
process and, if necessary, alternative candidates. Prior to an
appointment to the Board of Management, all members of the
Supervisory Board are given the opportunity to meet the candidate in
person.
Currently, the Board of Management of Allianz SE comprises four
female members, accounting for 44.4 %. Four members of the Board
of Management have international backgrounds based on their

15

origin. There is an adequate degree of diversity with regard to
educational and professional backgrounds. The Board of
Management of Allianz SE is thus composed in accordance with the
diversity concept.

The Supervisory Board of Allianz SE has adopted a clear and
comprehensible system for the remuneration of the members of the
Board of Management. The Board of Management remuneration
system must be submitted to the General Meeting for approval
whenever a material amendment is planned to be effected, but at
least every four years. The most recent submission of the remuneration
system for the Board of Management of Allianz SE to the General
Meeting for approval was on 5 May 2021.
In addition, the Board of Management and Supervisory Board
must prepare a clear and comprehensible annual report on the
remuneration of current and former Board members, which must be
submitted to the General Meeting for approval each year.
The current remuneration system for the Board of Management
and the Remuneration Report, including the auditor's report, are
available on the Allianz company website.

The Board of Management reports regularly and comprehensively to
the Supervisory Board on business development, the company’s net
assets, financial position and earnings, planning and achievement of
objectives, business strategy, and risk exposure. Details on the Board
of Management’s reporting to the Supervisory Board are laid down in
the information rules issued by the Supervisory Board.
Important decisions of the Board of Management require
approval by the Supervisory Board. Approval requirements are
stipulated by law, by the Statutes, or in individual cases by decisions of
the General Meeting. Supervisory Board approval is required, for
example, for certain capital measures, intercompany agreements, and
the launch of new business segments or the closure of existing ones.
Approval is also required for acquisitions of companies and holdings
in companies as well as for divestments of Group companies that
exceed certain thresholds. Moreover, the Agreement concerning the
Participation of Employees in Allianz SE in the version dated June 2021
(hereinafter “SE Agreement”) requires the approval of the Supervisory
Board for the appointment of the member of the Board of
Management responsible for labor and social affairs.

Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board oversees and advises the Board of
Management on managing the business. It is also responsible for
appointing the members of the Board of Management, determining
their overall remuneration, succession planning for the Board of
Management, and reviewing Allianz SE’s and the Allianz Group’s
annual financial statements. The Supervisory Board’s activities in the
financial year 2023, including an individualized disclosure of the
meeting participation, are described in the Supervisory Board Report.

The German Co-Determination Act (“Mitbestimmungsgesetz”) does
not apply to Allianz SE because it has the legal form of a European
Company (SE). Instead, the size and composition of the Supervisory
Board is determined by general European SE regulations. These
regulations are implemented in the Statutes and via the
SE Agreement.
The Supervisory Board comprises twelve members, including six
shareholder representatives appointed by the General Meeting. The
six employee representatives are appointed by the SE Works Council.
The specific procedure for their appointment is laid down in the SE
Agreement, which stipulates that the six employee representatives
must be allocated in proportion to the number of Allianz employees
in the different countries. The Supervisory Board currently in office
includes four employee representatives from Germany – including
one trade union representative – and one each from France and Italy.
According to § 17 (2) SEAG, the Supervisory Board of Allianz SE shall
comprise at least 30 % women and at least 30 % men. The regular term
of appointment for the members of the Supervisory Board of
Allianz SE is four years. Moreover, a staggered board with different
appointment periods was introduced with the elections to the
Supervisory Board on 4 May 2022.
The composition of the Supervisory Board is presented in the
Supervisory Board Report. Further information on the Supervisory
Board members is presented in Mandates of the Members of the
Board of Management. Furthermore, the composition and a general
description of the operations of the Supervisory Board are available
on the Allianz company website, which also provides the CVs of the
Supervisory Board members.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

The Supervisory Board takes all decisions with a simple majority.
The special requirements for appointing members to the Board of
Management, as stipulated in the German Co-Determination Act, and
the requirement to have a Conciliation Committee, do not apply to an
SE. In the event of a tie, the casting vote lies with the Chairperson of
the Supervisory Board, who – at Allianz SE – must be a shareholder
representative. If there is a tie and the Chairperson is not present, the
casting vote lies with the vice chairperson elected at the shareholder
representatives’ proposal. A second vice chairperson is elected at the
employee representatives’ proposal.
The Supervisory Board regularly reviews the efficiency of its
activities and the activities of its committees in the framework of a
so-called self-assessment. The self-assessment is carried out either
by means of an internal questionnaire or by consulting an external
consultant. In 2023, the self-assessment was carried out using an
internal questionnaire. The Supervisory Board plenary session
discusses recommendations for improvements and adopts
appropriate measures on the basis of recommendations from the
Standing Committee. In addition, the fitness and propriety of the
individual members of the Supervisory Board are reviewed as part of
an annual self-evaluation required by supervisory law, and a
development plan for the Supervisory Board is drawn up on this basis.
The Supervisory Board and the Audit Committee also hold regular
sessions that are not attended by any of the members of the Board of
Management.

Part of the Supervisory Board’s work is carried out by its committees.
The Supervisory Board receives regular reports on the activities of its
committees. The composition of committees and the tasks assigned to
them are governed by the Supervisory Board’s Rules of Procedure,
which can be found on the Allianz company website.

Supervisory Board committees
Supervisory Board committees

Responsibilities

– Approval of certain transactions which
require the approval of the Supervisory
Board, e.g., capital measures,
acquisitions, and disposals of
participations.
– Preparation of the Declaration of
Conformity pursuant to § 161 of the
German Stock Corporation Act and
review of corporate governance.
– Preparation of the self-assessment of
the Supervisory Board.
– Initial review of the annual financial
statements of Allianz SE and the
Allianz Group, the Management
Reports (including Non-financial
Statement and Risk Report) and the
proposal for the appropriation of net
earnings, review of half-yearly reports
and, where applicable, quarterly
financial reports or statements.
– Monitoring of the financial reporting
process, the effectiveness of the internal
control and risk management system,
internal audit system, and legal and
compliance issues.
– Monitoring of the audit procedures,
including the selection and
independence of the auditor, the quality
of the audit procedures and the services
additionally rendered by the auditor,
awarding of the audit contract, and
determining the audit areas of focus.
– Discussion to evaluate the audit risk,
audit strategy, and audit planning.
– Monitoring of the general risk situation
Risk Committee
and special risk developments in the
5 members
Allianz Group.
– Chairperson: appointed by the
– Monitoring of the effectiveness of the
Supervisory Board
risk management system.
(Michael Diekmann)
– Three shareholder representatives – Initial review of the Risk Report and
other risk-related statements in the
(in addition to Michael
annual financial statements and
Diekmann: Christine Bosse,
consolidated financial statements as
Dr. Friedrich Eichiner)
well as management reports, informing
– Two employee representatives
the Audit Committee of the results of
(Primiano Di Paolo, Frank Kirsch)
such reviews.
Standing Committee
5 members
– Chairperson: Chairperson of the
Supervisory Board
(Michael Diekmann)
– Two further shareholder
representatives (Herbert Hainer,
Sophie Boissard)
– Two employee representatives
(Jürgen Lawrenz, Jean-Claude
Le Goaër)
Audit Committee
5 members
– Chairperson: appointed by the
Supervisory Board
(Dr. Friedrich Eichiner)
– Three shareholder representatives
(in addition to Dr. Friedrich
Eichiner: Sophie Boissard,
Michael Diekmann)
– Two employee representatives
(Jean-Claude Le Goaër, Martina
Grundler)

Supervisory Board committees

Responsibilities

– Preparation of the appointment of
Board of Management members.
– Preparation of plenary session
resolutions on the compensation system
and resolutions on setting of the total
compensation of Board of
Management members.
– Preparation of the Remuneration Report.
– Conclusion, amendment, and termination
of contracts with Board of Management
members unless reserved for the
plenary session.
– Long-term succession planning for the
Board of Management.
– Approval of the assumption of other
mandates by Board of Management
members.
– Setting of concrete objectives for the
Nomination Committee
composition of the Supervisory Board.
3 members
– Chairperson: Chairperson of the – Establishment of selection criteria for
shareholder representatives on the
Supervisory Board
Supervisory Board in compliance with
(Michael Diekmann)
the Code’s recommendations on the
– Two further shareholder
composition of the Supervisory Board.
representatives (Christine Bosse,
– Selection of suitable candidates for
Dr. Friedrich Eichiner)
election to the Supervisory Board as
shareholder representatives.
– Regular exchange regarding
Technology Committee
technological developments.
5 members
– In-depth monitoring of the Board of
– Chairperson: appointed by the
Management’s technology and
Supervisory Board
innovation strategy.
(Rashmy Chatterjee)
– Three shareholder representatives – Support of the Supervisory Board in the
oversight of the implementation of the
(in addition to Rashmy
Board of Management’s technology
Chatterjee: Michael Diekmann,
and innovation strategy.
Dr. Friedrich Eichiner)
– Two employee representatives
(Gabriele Burkhardt-Berg,
Jürgen Lawrenz)
– Regular exchange regarding
Sustainability Committee
sustainability-related issues
5 members
(Environment, Social, Governance –
– Chairperson: appointed by the
ESG).
Supervisory Board
– Close monitoring of the Board of
(Christine Bosse)
Management’s sustainability strategy.
– Three shareholder representatives
– Support of the Supervisory Board in the
(in addition to Christine Bosse:
oversight of the execution of the Board
Sophie Boissard, Michael
of Management’s sustainability strategy.
Diekmann)
– Support of the Personnel Committee of
– Two employee representatives
the Supervisory Board in the
(Gabriele Burkhardt-Berg,
preparation of the ESG-related target
Frank Kirsch)
setting as well as the assessment of the
fulfillment of the set targets for the
Board of Management’s remuneration.
Personnel Committee
3 members
– Chairperson: Chairperson of the
Supervisory Board
(Michael Diekmann)
– One further shareholder
representative
(Herbert Hainer)
– One employee representative
(Gabriele Burkhardt-Berg)

As of 31 December 2023

16

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

The objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board (in the
version of September 2022), as specified to implement legal
requirements and the recommendation of the Code, are set out below.
In addition to the skills profile for the overall Supervisory Board to be
drawn up under the Code, the diversity concept is also included. The
objectives for the composition of the Supervisory Board can be found
on the Allianz company website.

17

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Objectives for the composition of Allianz SE’s Supervisory Board
“The aim of Allianz SE’s Supervisory Board is to have members who are equipped with the necessary skills and competence to
properly supervise and advise Allianz SE’s management. Supervisory Board candidates should possess the professional
expertise and experience, integrity, motivation and commitment, independence, and personality required to successfully carry
out the responsibilities of a Supervisory Board member in a financial services institution with international operations.
These objectives take into account the regulatory requirements for the composition of the Supervisory Board as well as the
relevant recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code (“GCGC”). In addition to the requirements for each
individual member, a profile of skills and expertise (“Kompetenzprofil”) as well as a diversity concept are provided for the entire
Supervisory Board.

Employee representation within Allianz SE, according to the Agreement concerning the Participation of Employees in Allianz SE,
contributes to the diversity of work experience and cultural background. Pursuant to the provisions of the German SE
Participation Act (SEBG), the number of women and men appointed as German employee representatives should be
proportional to the number of women and men working in the German companies. However, the Supervisory Board does not
have the right to select the employee representatives.
The following requirements and objectives apply to the composition of Allianz SE’s Supervisory Board:

I. Requirements relating to the individual members of the Supervisory Board
1. Propriety
The members of the Supervisory Board must be proper as defined by the regulatory provisions. A person is assumed to be
proper as long as no facts are to be known which may cause impropriety. Therefore, no personal circumstances shall exist
which – according to general experience – lead to the assumption that the diligent and orderly exercise of the mandate may
be affected (in particular, administrative offenses or violation of criminal law, especially in connection with commercial
activity).
2. Fitness
The members of the Supervisory Board must have the expertise and experience necessary for a diligent and autonomous
exercise of the Allianz SE Supervisory Board mandate, in particular for exercising control of and giving advice to the
Management Board as well as for the active support of the development of the company. This comprises in particular:
– adequate expertise in all business areas,
– adequate expertise in the insurance and finance sector or comparable relevant experience and expertise in other sectors,
– adequate expertise in the regulatory provisions material for Allianz SE (supervisory law,
including Solvency II regulation, corporate and capital markets law, corporate governance),
– ability to assess the business risks,
– knowledge of accounting basics and insurance specific risk management basics.
3. Independence
The GCGC defines a person as independent who, in particular, does not have any business or personal relations with
Allianz SE or its executive bodies, a controlling shareholder, or an enterprise associated with the latter, which may cause a
substantial and not merely temporary conflict of interest.
The Supervisory Board of Allianz SE states the following with regard to the further specification of independence:
– Former members of the Allianz SE Management Board shall not be deemed independent
during the mandatory corporate law cooling-off period.
– Members of the Supervisory Board of Allianz SE in office for more than 12 years shall not be deemed independent.
– Regarding employee representatives, the mere fact of employee representation and the existence of a working
relationship with the company shall not itself affect the independence of the employee representatives.
Applying such definition, at least eight members of the Supervisory Board shall be independent. In case shareholder
representatives and employee representatives are viewed separately, at least four of each should be independent.
It has to be considered that the possible emergence of conflicts of interests in individual cases cannot generally be excluded.
Potential conflicts of interest must be disclosed to the Chairperson of the Supervisory Board and will be resolved by
appropriate measures.
4. Time of availability
Each member of the Supervisory Board must ensure that he/she has sufficient time to dedicate to the proper fulfillment of the
mandate of this Supervisory Board position.
In addition to the mandatory mandate limitations and the GCGC recommendation for active Management Board members of
listed companies (max. two mandates), the common capital markets requirements shall be considered.
With regard to the Allianz SE mandate, the members shall take into account that:
– at least four, but as a rule six, ordinary Supervisory Board meetings are held each year, each of which requires adequate
preparation,
– sufficient time must be set aside for the audit of the annual and consolidated financial statements,
– participation in the General Meeting is required,
– depending on possible membership in one or more of the Supervisory Board Committees, extra time planning is required
for participation in these Committee meetings and to do the necessary preparation for these meetings; this applies in
particular for the Audit and Risk Committee,

18

– attendance of extraordinary meetings of the Supervisory Board or of a Committee might be required to deal with special
matters.
5. Retirement age
The members of the Supervisory Board shall, as a rule, not be older than 70 years of age.
6. Term of membership
The continuous period of membership for any member of the Supervisory Board should, as a rule, not exceed 12 years.
7. Former Allianz SE Management Board members
Former Allianz SE Management Board members are subject to the mandatory corporate law cooling-off period of two years.
According to regulatory provisions, no more than two former Allianz SE Management Board members shall be members of
the Supervisory Board.
II. Requirements for the entire Supervisory Board
1. Profile of skills and expertise for the entire Supervisory Board
In addition to the expertise-related requirements for the individual members, the following shall apply with respect to the
expertise and experience of the entire Supervisory Board:
– familiarity of members in their entirety with the insurance and financial services sector,
– adequate expertise of the entire Board with respect to regulatorily required areas of investment management, insurance
actuarial practice, accounting,
– adequate expertise of the entire Board with respect to technology, including cybersecurity, employee engagement and
sustainability (especially Environment, Social responsibility and Governance as well as data privacy),
– at least one member with considerable experience in the insurance and financial services fields,
– at least one member with comprehensive expertise in the field of accounting and at least one other member with
comprehensive expertise in the field of auditing. The expertise in the field of accounting shall consist of special knowledge
and experience in the application of accounting principles and internal control and risk management systems, and the
expertise in the field of auditing shall consist of special knowledge and experience in the auditing of financial statements.
Accounting and auditing also include sustainability reporting and its audit and assurance,
– at least one member with comprehensive expertise in the field of digital transformation,
– specialist expertise or experience in other economic sectors,
– managerial or operational experience.
2. Diversity concept
To promote an integrative cooperation among the Supervisory Board members, the Supervisory Board strives for an
adequate diversity with respect to gender, internationality, different occupational backgrounds, professional expertise, and
experience:
– The Supervisory Board shall be composed of at least 30 % women and at least 30 % men. The representation of women is
generally considered to be the joint responsibility of the shareholder and employee representatives.
– At least four of the members must, on the basis of their origin or function, represent regions or cultural areas in which
Allianz SE conducts significant business.
– For Allianz SE as a Societas Europaea, the agreement concerning the Participation of Employees in Allianz SE provides
that Allianz employees from different E.U. member states are considered in the allocation of employee representatives’
Supervisory Board seats.
– In order to provide the Board with the most diverse sources of experience and specialist knowledge possible, the members
of the Supervisory Board shall complement each other with respect to their background, professional experience, and
specialist knowledge.”

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

The Supervisory Board pursues these objectives, and thus also the
diversity concept, when nominating candidates for shareholder
representatives. As employee representatives are appointed
according to different national provisions, the potential to influence
the selection of employee representatives is limited.
The Supervisory Board of Allianz SE is composed in accordance
with these objectives, including the diversity concept:
According to the assessment of the Supervisory Board, all
shareholder representatives – i.e., Ms. Boissard, Ms. Bosse, Ms.
Chatterjee as well as Mr. Diekmann, Dr. Eichiner and Mr. Hainer – are
independent within the meaning of the objectives (see No. I.3).
The members of the Audit Committee as a whole are familiar with
the sector in which the company operates. All shareholder
representatives on the Audit Committee, including the Chairperson of
the Committee, have comprehensive expertise in the fields of

accounting and auditing. The expertise in the field of accounting
consists of special knowledge and experience in the application of
accounting principles and internal control and risk management
systems, and the expertise in the field of auditing consists of special
knowledge and experience in the auditing of financial statements.
Accounting and auditing also include sustainability reporting and its
audit.
The Chairperson of the Audit Committee, Dr. Eichiner, is a business
administration graduate. He gained extensive knowledge and
experience in both accounting and auditing during his many years as
Chief Financial Officer of a DAX-listed company. Ms. Boissard also
acquired extensive knowledge and experience in both of these areas
during her many years as a member of the Audit Committee and as
part of her role as CEO of Korian S.A.. Finally, Mr. Diekmann also has
in-depth knowledge and experience in both areas due to his many

years of service first as CEO and later as Chairperson of the
Supervisory Board and long-standing member of the Audit Committee
of the Supervisory Board of Allianz SE.
The employee representatives on the Audit Committee, Ms.
Grundler and Mr. Le Goaër, also have expertise in the fields of
accounting and auditing due to their long-standing membership of the
Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board of Allianz SE.
With five female and seven male Supervisory Board members,
the gender ratio of 30 % required under the German Act on the Equal
Participation of Women and Men in Executive Positions is met. In
addition, the Supervisory Board has five members with international
backgrounds.
The skills profile is also met by the Supervisory Board as a whole.
Based on the objectives for its composition, the Supervisory Board of
Allianz SE has developed the following qualification matrix.

Supervisory Board of Allianz SE: Qualification matrix

Tenure
Personal
Appropriateness

Diversity

Expertise

Regional
Expertise

Joined Board in
Regulatory Requirement
(Fit & Proper)

Diekmann

Hainer

Boissard

Bosse

Chatterjee

Eichiner

BurkhardtBerg

Le Goaër

Grundler

Kirsch

Lawrenz

Di Paolo

2017

2017

2017

2012

2022

2016

2012

2018

2016

2018

2015

2022

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Independence

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

No Overboarding1

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

1

Gender

male

male

female

female

female

male

female

male

female

male

male

male

Nationality

German

German

French

Danish

Singaporean

German

German

French

German

German

German

Italian

Accounting

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Insurance Actuarial
Practice

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Investment
Management

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Technology

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Digital Transformation

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Employee Engagement

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

Sustainability

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

North America

✓

✓

-

-

✓

✓

-

-

-

-

-

-

Growth Markets

✓

✓

-

-

✓

✓

-

-

-

-

-

-

Europe (E.U.)

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓ Criteria met. Expertise criteria based on annual self-evaluation by the Supervisory Board. Tick means at least “Good knowledge” and implies the capacity to understand the relevant matters well, and to take educated decisions. Good knowledge may result from existing qualifications and from the
training regularly attended by all members of the Supervisory Board. On a scale from A-E this requires at least grade B.
1_According to the German Corporate Governance Code.

19

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

The remuneration of the Supervisory Board is laid down in the Statutes
of Allianz SE. The most recent resolution on Supervisory Board
remuneration was passed at the Annual General Meeting on
4 May 2023. The corresponding resolution of the Annual General
Meeting and the Remuneration Report, including the auditor's report,
are available at the Allianz company website.

General Meeting
Shareholders exercise their rights at the General Meeting. The General
Meeting elects the shareholder representatives of the Supervisory
Board and decides on the approval of the actions taken by the Board
of Management and the Supervisory Board. It decides, in particular, on
the appropriation of net earnings, capital measures, the election of the
auditor, and approval of intercompany agreements. It also decides on
the approval of the remuneration system for the members of the
Board of Management presented by the Supervisory Board, the
remuneration of the Supervisory Board, the approval of the
Remuneration Report prepared by the Board of Management and the
Supervisory Board, as well as changes to the Company’s Statutes.
Resolutions of the General Meeting shall be passed, unless mandatory
legal provisions require otherwise, by a simple majority of the votes cast.
In accordance with European regulations and the Statutes,
amendments to the Statutes require at least a two-thirds majority of the
votes cast if less than half of the share capital is represented at the
General Meeting. In addition, such resolutions require the simple
majority of the capital stock represented at the time of the resolution,
unless higher thresholds are stipulated by law. When adopting
resolutions, each share confers one vote.
Each year, an Annual General Meeting is held, at which the Board
of Management and Supervisory Board give an account of the
preceding financial year. For special circumstances, the German Stock
Corporation Act provides for the convening of an Extraordinary
General Meeting. If authorized by the Statutes, general meetings can
also be held in virtual format.

Corporate governance practices
The Allianz Group has an appropriate and effective internal control
system for reviewing and monitoring its operating activities and
business processes, in particular financial reporting, as well as
compliance with regulatory requirements. The requirements placed on
the internal control system are essential, not only for the resilience and
value of the company, but also to retain the confidence of the capital
market, our customers, and the public. An assessment of the
appropriateness and effectiveness of the internal control system as
part of the System of Governance is conducted regularly in the course
of the review of the business organization.
In addition, the Allianz Group has implemented an appropriate
and effective framework and measures to identify, assess, manage,
and communicate risks. For further information on the internal control
system and risk management system of Allianz, please refer to the Risk
and Opportunity Report.

Integrity is at the core of our compliance programs and underpins the
trust of our customers, shareholders, business partners, and
employees. The Compliance function fosters a corporate culture of
individual and collective responsibility for ethical conduct and
adherence to the rules. For further information on the compliance
management system of Allianz, please refer to the Non-Financial
Statement.

Code of Conduct
Our Code of Conduct and the internal compliance policies and
guidelines derived from it provide all employees, managers, and
executive board members with clear and practical guidance,
enabling them to act in line with the values of the Allianz Group. The
rules of conduct established by the Code of Conduct are binding
for all employees worldwide and form the basis for our compliance
programs. The Code of Conduct is available on the Allianz company

Directors’ Dealings
Members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board, as
well as persons closely associated with them, are obliged by the E.U.
Market Abuse Regulation to notify both Allianz SE and the German
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority of any transactions carried out
by them involving shares or debt securities of Allianz SE or related
financial derivatives or other related financial instruments as soon as
the value of the acquisition or disposal transactions by the member
reaches or exceeds € 20 thou in total within a calendar year. These
disclosures are published on the Allianz company website.

Accounting and auditing
The Allianz Group prepares its accounts according to § 315e HGB on
the basis of the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as
applicable in the European Union. The annual financial statements of
Allianz SE are prepared in accordance with German law and
accounting standards.
The auditor of the annual financial statements and the auditor in
charge of the review of the half-yearly financial report were elected by
the Annual General Meeting on 4 May 2023. The audit of the
financial statements covers the individual financial statements of
Allianz SE and the consolidated financial statements of the
Allianz Group. In addition, the auditor audits the (Group) Management
Report, including the Non-Financial Statement. In accordance with
regulatory requirements, the solvency statements are also audited by
the auditor, who also has to audit the Remuneration Report.
The Non-Financial Statement and the Remuneration Report for the
financial year 2023 were also subjected to a substantive audit by the
auditor, in addition to the statutory audit scope.

website.

20

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

We inform our shareholders, financial analysts, the media, and
the general public about the Company’s situation on a regular basis
and in a timely manner. The annual financial statements of Allianz SE,
the consolidated financial statements of the Allianz Group, and the
respective Management Reports are made publicly available within
90 days of the end of each financial year. Additional information is
provided in the Allianz Group’s half-yearly financial reports and
quarterly statements. Information is also made available at the
Annual General Meeting, at conference calls for analysts and
journalists, and on the corporate website. The Allianz company website
also provides a financial calendar listing the dates of major
publications and events, such as annual reports, half-yearly
financial reports, quarterly statements, Annual General Meetings,
and analyst conference calls as well as financial press conferences.

Information in accordance with the
German Act on the Equal Participation
of Women and Men in Executive
Positions in the Private and the Public
Sectors
The section below outlines the targets set for Allianz SE and the other
companies of the Allianz Group in Germany that are subject to codetermination (the “subsidiaries concerned”) for the Supervisory
Board, the Board of Management, and the two management levels
below the Board of Management.
Pursuant to § 17 (2) SEAG, the share of women and men among
the members of the Supervisory Board of Allianz SE has to be at least
30 % each. The Supervisory Board fulfills this requirement as it includes
five women (41.7 %) and seven men (58.3 %).
Pursuant to § 16 (2) SEAG, it has to be ensured that the Board of
Management includes at least one female and at least one male
member when appointing members to the Board of Management.
This statutory requirement is met by the current Board of Management
of Allianz SE. As at 31 December 2023, the proportion of women on
the Board of Management was 33.3 %. Since 1 January 2024, the
proportion of women on the Board of Management has been 44.4 %.

21

With regard to the proportion of women on the first and second
management levels below the Board of Management, the Board of
Management has set targets of 30 % for each, to be met by
31 December 2024. As at 31 December 2023, this target was already
met for the first management level with a percentage of women of
34.2 %, but was not yet met for the second level with a percentage of
28.6 %.
With regard to the Supervisory Boards of the subsidiaries
concerned, the target quotas for nine of those eleven subsidiaries were
set at 33 %, the target quota for one subsidiary concerned was set at
35 %, and the target quota for the remaining subsidiary concerned was
set at 50 % for 31 December 2024. Eight of the eleven subsidiaries
reached this target ahead of the due date as at 31 December 2023.
The target quotas for the respective Boards of Management of
the subsidiaries concerned were between 25 % and 50 % (35.7 % on
average) for 31 December 2024 and were already met by eight of the
eleven companies as of 31 December 2023. For the subsidiaries
concerned, the respective Boards of Management have set target
quotas of 30 % to 40 % (32.9 % on average) for 31 December 2024 for
the first management level and target quotas of 30 % to 43.5 % (39.2 %
on average) for the second management level below the Board of
Management. Due to internal restructurings, one of the eleven
subsidiaries no longer has any employees below the level of the Board
of Management. Therefore, reference will only be made to ten
subsidiaries in the following paragraph.
As at 31 December 2023, the targets were met by four of the ten
subsidiaries concerned for the first management level, while two of the
ten companies met the target set for the second management level
ahead of the due date. Despite increased efforts to promote women
in the Allianz Group and in the individual subsidiaries, it was not
possible to reach the targets ahead of the due date in the other cases
as it was not always possible to identify suitable female candidates for
all vacant positions. Allianz continues to work to achieve these targets.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

TAKEOVER-RELATED STATEMENTS AND EXPLANATIONS
The following information is provided pursuant to § 289a and § 315a of
the German Commercial Code (“Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB”) and
§ 176 (1) of the German Stock Company Act (“Aktiengesetz – AktG”).

As of 31 December 2023, the share capital of Allianz SE was
€ 1,169,920,000. It was divided into 391,718,983 registered and fully
paid-up shares with no par value. All shares carry the same rights and
obligations. Each no-par value share carries one vote.

Shares may only be transferred with the consent of the company. An
approval duly applied for may only be withheld if it is deemed
necessary in the company’s interest on exceptional grounds. The
applicant will be informed of the reasons.
Shares acquired by employees of the Allianz Group as part of the
employee stock purchase plan are generally subject to a three-year
lock-up period. During the lock-up period, employees can exercise
their voting rights.

Allianz SE is not aware of any direct or indirect interests in the share
capital that exceed 10 % of the voting rights.

There are no shares with special rights conferring powers of control.

22

The Board of Management is authorized to issue shares as well as to
acquire and use treasury shares as follows:
The appointment and removal of members of Allianz SE’s Board of
Management is governed by Articles 9 (1), 39 (2) and 46 of the SE
Regulation, §§ 84, 85 AktG, § 24 (3) and § 47 No. 1 of the German
Insurance Supervision Act (“Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz – VAG”), and
the Statutes. According to the Statutes, the Board of Management
shall consist of at least two persons; the Supervisory Board determines
the number of any additional members (§ 5 (1) of the Statutes). The
members of the Board of Management are appointed by the
Supervisory Board for a term of up to five years; reappointment is
permitted for a maximum of five years in each case (§ 5 (3) of the
Statutes). A simple majority of the votes cast in the Supervisory Board
is required to appoint members to the Board of Management. In the
case of a tie vote, the Chairperson of the Supervisory Board, who
pursuant to Article 42 of the SE Regulation must be a shareholder
representative, shall have the casting vote (§ 8 (3) of the Statutes). If
the Chairperson does not participate in the vote, the Vice-Chairperson
shall have the casting vote, provided they are a shareholder
representative. A Vice-Chairperson who is an employee representative
has no casting vote (§ 8 (3) of the Statutes).
Amendments to the Statutes are governed by Article 59 SE
Regulation, § 179 AktG, and the Statutes. § 13 (4) of the Statutes of
Allianz SE stipulates that, unless mandatory law requires otherwise,
changes to the Statutes require a two-thirds majority of the votes cast
at a General Meeting or, if at least one half of the share capital is
represented, a simple majority of the votes cast. Where the law
requires a majority in capital for a shareholder resolution, a simple
majority of the capital represented at the General Meeting is sufficient,
provided this is in line with legal requirements. The Supervisory Board
may alter the wording of the Statutes (§ 179 (1) AktG and § 10 of the
Statutes).

It may increase the company’s share capital on or before 3 May 2027,
with the approval of the Supervisory Board, by issuing new registered
no-par value shares against contributions in cash and/or in kind, on
one or more occasions:
−

−

Up to a total of € 467,968,000 (Authorized Capital 2022/I): In case
of a capital increase against cash contribution, the Board of
Management may exclude the shareholders’ subscription rights
for these shares with the consent of the Supervisory Board (i) for
fractional amounts, (ii) in order to safeguard the rights pertaining
to holders of convertible bonds or bonds with warrants, including
mandatory convertible bonds, and (iii) in the event of a capital
increase of up to 10 %, if the issue price of the new shares is not
significantly below the stock market price. The Board of
Management may furthermore exclude the shareholders’
subscription rights with the consent of the Supervisory Board in the
event of a capital increase against contributions in kind.
Up to a total of € 15,000,000 (Authorized Capital 2022/II): The
shareholders’ subscription rights are excluded. New shares may
only be issued to employees of Allianz SE and its Group
companies.

The company’s share capital is conditionally increased by up to
€ 116,992,000 (Conditional Capital 2022). This conditional capital
increase will only be carried out to the extent that the holders of
convertible bonds, bonds with warrants, convertible participation
rights, participation rights, and subordinated financial instruments
issued against cash by Allianz SE or its subsidiaries, based on the
authorizations granted by the General Meeting on 4 May 2022,
exercise their conversion or option rights, or to the extent that
conversion obligations from such bonds are fulfilled, and to such
extent that treasury shares or shares from authorized capital are not
used for such purpose.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Under an authorization by the General Meeting on 4 May 2022,
the Board of Management may, until 3 May 2025, buy back Allianz
shares corresponding to up to 10 % of the lower of (i) the share capital
at the moment of the shareholder resolution and (ii) the share capital
at the moment of the buy-back, and to use those shares for other
purposes (§ 71 (1) No. 8 AktG). Together with other treasury shares that
are held by Allianz SE, or which are attributable to it under §§ 71a et
seq. AktG, such shares may not exceed 10 % of the share capital at any
time. The shares acquired pursuant to this authorization may be used,
under exclusion of the shareholders’ subscription rights, for any legally
admissible purposes, in particular those specified in the authorization.
Furthermore, the acquisition of treasury shares under this
authorization may also be carried out using derivatives, provided such
derivatives do not relate to more than 5 % of the share capital.

−

−

−

−
The following essential agreements of the company are subject to a
change-of-control condition following a takeover bid:
−

−

−

23

Our reinsurance contracts, in principle, include a clause under
which both parties to the contract have an extraordinary
termination right if and when the counterparty merges with
another entity or its ownership or control situation changes
materially. Agreements with brokers regarding services connected
with the purchase of reinsurance cover also provide for
termination rights in case of a change of control. Such clauses are
standard market practice.
Allianz SE is also party to various bancassurance distribution
agreements for insurance products in various regions. These
distribution agreements normally include a clause under which the
parties have an extraordinary termination right in the event of a
change of control of the other party’s ultimate holding company.
Shareholder agreements and joint ventures to which Allianz SE is
a party often contain change-of-control clauses that provide, as
the case may be, for the termination of the agreement, or for put
or call rights that one party can exercise with regard to the joint
venture or the target company, if there is a change of control of
the other party.

The framework agreements between Allianz SE and the
subsidiaries of various car manufacturers relating to the
distribution of car insurance by the respective car manufacturers
each include a clause under which each party has an
extraordinary termination right in case there is a change of control
of the other party.
In some cases, bilateral credit agreements provide for termination
rights in the event of a change of control, mostly defined as the
acquisition of at least 30 % of the voting rights within the meaning
of § 29 (2) of the German Takeover Act (“Wertpapiererwerbs- und
Übernahmegesetz – WpÜG”). Where such termination rights are
exercised, the respective credit lines have to be replaced by new
credit lines under conditions then applicable.
Allianz Group sponsoring and similar partnership agreements
may provide for termination rights for the other party where there
is a change of control in relation to Allianz SE. These termination
rights are largely discretionary.
Under the Allianz Equity Incentive Program, Restricted Stock Units
(RSUs) – i.e., virtual Allianz shares – are granted to senior
management of the Allianz Group worldwide as a stock-based
remuneration component. The conditions for these RSUs contain
change-of-control clauses, which apply when a majority of the
voting share capital in Allianz SE is directly or indirectly acquired
by one or more third parties who do not belong to the
Allianz Group, and which provide for an exception from the usual
vesting and exercise periods. In line with the relevant general
conditions, the company will release the RSUs to plan participants
on the day of the change of control, without observing any vesting
period that would otherwise apply. The cash amount payable per
RSU must equal or exceed the average market value of the Allianz
share and the price offered per Allianz share in a preceding tender
offer. By providing for the non-application of the vesting period in
the event of a change of control, the terms take into account the
fact that the conditions influencing the share price are
substantially different when there is a change of control.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

REMUNERATION REPORT
The Remuneration Report describes the structure and arrangements
of the remuneration system for the Board of Management and the
Supervisory Board of Allianz SE. It explains the application of the
remuneration system in the 2023 financial year, using detailed and
individualized specifications on the remuneration of current and
former members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory
Board.
The report was jointly created by the Board of Management and
the Supervisory Board, taking into consideration the requirements of
§ 162 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG), and the
recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code in its
currently valid version.
It was also decided to allow the auditor to carry out a
comprehensive, content audit of the Remuneration Report going
above and beyond the legal requirements of § 162 (3) AktG.

The remuneration year of 2023 at a
glance

The Supervisory Board's Personnel Committee closely monitored
business developments, particularly with regard to potential target
achievement at Group level and individual remuneration targets at
the half-year and year-end 2023. In addition to the financial targets,
the non-financial targets and target achievement for 2023 were also
discussed intensively, and changes to the Management Board were
prepared and implemented.

Group financial targets
The annual bonus and the long-term incentive (LTI) allocation are
based on two Group financial targets for the relevant financial year:
operating profit and net income attributable to shareholders, each at
50 %.
The operating profit target of € 14.20 bn was exceeded to
€ 14.75 bn, as the Property-Casualty, Life/Health, and Corporate and
Other business segments achieved growth in operating profit and
more than compensated for the slight decline in the Asset
Management business segment. This resulted in a target
achievement of 107.69 % for the operating profit.

The transition to IFRS 9 means a significant increase in the share
of assets measured at fair value through profit or loss on the balance
sheet in the Property-Casualty business segment and thus
significantly higher volatility of the net income in combination with
fewer steering options. In the Board’s remuneration system, which will
be submitted for approval by the 2025 Annual General Meeting, the
Group's financial target of net income attributable to shareholders
will be adjusted going forward by eliminating certain non-operating
effects such as fluctuations from market movements.
For the 2023 financial year, the bonus curve was adjusted in
order to address fluctuations in the net income that the Board of
Management cannot control in either direction. For this purpose,
100 % target achievement was defined as a plateau with an upward
or downward fluctuation range of € 500 mn.
Net income attributable to shareholders amounted to € 8.54 bn
in the past financial year and was therefore within the target range
of € 7.9 – 8.9 bn, resulting in a target achievement of 100.00 %.
Overall, this results in a target achievement rate for the Group's
financial targets of 103.85 %.

The economic and geopolitical environment
In the first half of the year in particular, 2023 was characterized by
the continued dynamic inflation trend in many leading economies.
Only in the second half of the year was a slow normalization of
inflation rates achieved thanks to rapid interest rate hikes by central
banks. The economic impact of high inflation and restrictive
monetary policy was also evident on the international capital
markets. In addition to high claims inflation, the insurance industry
and asset management therefore also had to successfully navigate a
very volatile investment environment. Natural disasters, such as the
earthquake in Türkiye and Syria as well as thunderstorms in Germany,
also posed major challenges for our industry in 2023. The ongoing
war in Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East contributed to the
challenging geopolitical and economic environment.

24

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Board of Management performance in 2023
In the financial year under review, the Board of Management faced
unprecedented challenges requiring a team effort. In addition to the
geopolitical and macroeconomic challenges, the Board of
Management had to meet supervisory requirements and adopt
decisions to implement the digital future. These topics had to be
jointly addressed by the entire Board of Management across the
divisional areas of responsibility. The members of the Board of
Management also successfully handled the additional tasks arising
from the streamlining effected in the financial year under review. This
applies in particular to the business activities in Spain, Portugal and
Latin America, Allianz X, and the implementation of IT verticalization
and business model transformation.
As a result, the Board of Management achieved a record result
in terms of operating profit and net income, despite a massive
adverse impact resulting from natural disasters, high inflation, and
rapidly rising interest rates. This strong overall performance was
achieved on a sustainable basis: Customer satisfaction at Allianz
once again reached top scores. The proportion of local business
segments considered as market leaders in terms of customer
satisfaction as measured by the digital Net Promoter Score (dNPS),
for example, grew to 59 %. Employee testimonials were also very
positive. The Inclusive Meritocracy Index and Work Well Index Plus,
which are used to measure employee satisfaction, rose to new record
levels of 81 % and 76 %, respectively, bucking a negative trend in the
industry. In addition, the Board of Management also met its
ambitious environmental targets. Examples include CO2 emissions
per employee, which were reduced by 62 % versus the baseline year
2019 and were thus further reduced compared to the previous year
(-57 %) despite a normalization of travel behavior after the end of the
COVID-19 pandemic.

25

Due to the very good overall team performance of the Board of
Management in all cross-divisional matters, for the first time the
Supervisory Board unanimously decided to refrain from
differentiating the individual contribution factor for the annual bonus
for the 2023 financial year and to set a common factor of 1.15 for the
regular Board members and to assess Mr. Bäte's performance in
leading the Board of Management team with a factor of 1.17.
Individual performance by the individual members of the Board of
Management is described in detail below.

Changes to the composition of the Board of
Management
Giulio Terzariol was released from his mandate as a member of the
Board of Management on 31 December 2023 so that he can pursue
a career opportunity outside the company in his home country.
Claire-Marie Coste-Lepoutre took over from Giulio Terzariol on
1 January 2024 and has been working with Mr. Terzariol on a
seamless handover of his responsibilities.

Potential application of malus and clawback
In the financial year, there was no reason to reduce the payment of
variable remuneration (malus) or to reclaim variable remuneration
already paid out (clawback).

Approval of remuneration system and
Remuneration Report
The system for the remuneration of members of the Board of
Management was approved by the Annual General Meeting on
5 May 2021 with a majority vote of 87.14 %. The remuneration system
applies to all members of the Board of Management who were in
office in the 2023 financial year.
The Remuneration Report for 2022 was approved at the Annual
General Meeting on 4 May 2023 with a majority vote of 82.94 %.
Overall, the remuneration system and the Remuneration Report
are strongly supported by investors and proxy advisors. In discussions
with the Supervisory Board, it is emphasized, among other things,
that the transparency provided with regard to Board of Management
remuneration exceeds the best practice standard in Germany in many
respects and that the Supervisory Board exercises its discretionary
powers, as granted to them to the usual extent, very responsibly.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Remuneration of the Allianz SE Board
of Management
Remuneration is designed to be appropriate compared to peer
companies, given the Allianz Group’s range of business activities,
operating environment, and business results achieved. The aim is to
ensure and promote sustainable and value-oriented management of
the company that is in line with our corporate strategy. The key
principles are as follows:
−

−

−

Support of the Group’s strategy: The design of variable
compensation, and in particular of performance targets, reflects
the business strategy and sustainable long-term development of
the Allianz Group.
Alignment of pay and performance: The performance-based
variable component of the remuneration of members of the Board
of Management forms a significant portion of the overall
remuneration, corresponding to 70 % of the target compensation.
Sustainability of performance and alignment with shareholder
interests: A major part of the variable remuneration reflects
longer-term performance, with deferred payout (64 %), and is
linked to the absolute and relative performance of the Allianz
share price.

The Board of Management’s remuneration is decided upon by the
entire Supervisory Board, based on proposals prepared by the
Supervisory Board’s Personnel Committee. If required, the Supervisory
Board may seek outside advice from independent external
consultants. The Personnel Committee and the Supervisory Board
consult with the Chairperson of the Board of Management in
assessing the performance and remuneration of Board of
Management members. The Chairperson of the Board of
Management is generally not involved in discussion about their own
remuneration. The Supervisory Board designs the remuneration system
for the members of the Board of Management in accordance with the
requirements of the AktG in its currently valid version, as well as with
regulatory requirements and the recommendations of the German
Corporate Governance Code.

26

Clarity and comprehensibility are ensured at all times. Feedback
from investors is also considered.

Based on the remuneration system, the Supervisory Board determines
the target total compensation and regularly reviews the
appropriateness of the remuneration. This is based on both a
horizontal comparison (i.e., with peer companies) and a vertical
comparison (in relation to Allianz employees). Again, the Supervisory
Board’s Personnel Committee develops respective recommendations,
if necessary with the assistance of external consultants.
The structure, weighting, and level of each remuneration
component should be adequate and appropriate.

Vertical appropriateness
This comparison is based on the total direct remuneration of a member
of the Board of Management and the average direct remuneration of
an employee of the German Allianz companies. The Supervisory
Board’s decision in December is based on the factor resulting from this
comparison for the previous financial year. For the 2022 financial year,
the factor for the Chairperson of the Board of Management to an
employee was “65” and the factor for a regular Board member to an
employee was “37”. For the 2023 financial year, the respective factor
for the Chairperson of the Board of Management to an employee is
“68” and the factor regular board member to employee is “36”.

Horizontal appropriateness
The Supervisory Board regularly benchmarks the remuneration of the
Board of Management of Allianz SE against other DAX companies
and selected international companies (including, for example, the top
positions in the STOXX Europe 600 Insurance), taking into account the
company’s position, and the Allianz Group’s long-term performance,
relative size, complexity, and internationality.
As part of the review in 2022 of the appropriateness of the
remuneration of the Board of Management, a need to adjust the level
of remuneration for the Board members at Allianz SE was identified
for 2023 and going forward. A comparison of Board of Management
remuneration with the DAX 40 companies on the basis of turnover,
number of employees and market capitalization shows that the
remuneration of the Chairperson of the Management Board and the
ordinary members of the Management Board is below the
comparative value. In addition, the reduction of the entire Board of
Management to nine members and the associated redistribution of
tasks led to an increase in the workload for the remaining Board
members. For these reasons, the Supervisory Board deemed an
increase in the annual target remuneration of 5 % for all Board
members to be appropriate. The exact amounts can be found in the
graph relating to the overview of the structure of the target
remuneration.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

The following diagram provides an overview of the structure and
amount of the target remuneration of the members of the Board of
Management in the 2023 financial year.

27

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Fixed remuneration
The fixed remuneration components comprise the base salary,
perquisites, and pension contributions. These components provide
competitive remuneration to attract and retain Board of Management
members with experience and skills that enable them to develop and
successfully implement the Allianz Group’s strategy. They secure a
reasonable level of income in line with market conditions and promote
a company management that is commensurate with risk.

Base salary
The base salary, which is not performance-related, is paid in twelve
equal monthly installments.

Members of the Board of Management may have additional
pension entitlements under former pension plans based on previous
positions in the Allianz Group or due to membership of the Board of
Management prior to 2015. Payments of social insurance
contributions abroad required by Allianz in individual cases may also
give rise to additional pension entitlements.

Performance-based remuneration
The performance-based variable remuneration includes the shortterm annual bonus and long-term share-based remuneration. This
composition aims to balance short-term performance, longer-term
success, and sustained value creation. The Supervisory Board ensures
that the variable remuneration targets are challenging, sustainable,
and ambitious.

Annual bonus
Perquisites
Perquisites mainly consist of contributions to accident and liability
insurances, tax consultant fees, and the provision of a company car
and further individual perquisites if applicable. Perquisites are not
linked to performance. Each member of the Board of Management is
responsible for paying the income tax due on these perquisites. The
Supervisory Board regularly reviews the level of perquisites; a
contractual annual cap applies. If an appointment to the Board of
Management requires a change of residence, relocation expenses are
reimbursed to an appropriate extent.

The annual bonus provides incentives for profitable growth and further
development of the operating business by successfully implementing
the business objectives for the respective financial year. In doing so, the
overall responsibility for reaching the Group targets as well as the
individual performance with regard to the operational responsibilities
of the individual members of the Board of Management are taken into
consideration.
The annual bonus is calculated by multiplying the target
achievement factor by the target amount for the annual bonus. It is
paid out in cash after the end of the relevant financial year, with
payment limited to a maximum of 150 % of the target amount.

Pension contribution
To provide competitive and cost-effective retirement and disability
benefits, company contributions to the defined-contribution pension
plan “My Allianz Pension” are invested with a guarantee for the
contributions paid but no further interest guarantee.
Each year, the Supervisory Board decides whether a budget is
provided and, if so, to what extent. The current pension contribution
generally represents 15 % of the target remuneration of the Board
members.
Apart from cases of occupational or general disability for medical
reasons, the earliest age a pension can be drawn is 62. Should Board
membership cease before the retirement age is reached, accrued
pension rights are maintained if vesting requirements are met.

28

Long-term incentive – LTI
The long-term, share-based remuneration is oriented mainly towards
the sustainable increase in the enterprise value. Taking the share price
performance in absolute and relative terms as a basis, it encourages
combining the interests of the shareholders with those of the members
of the Board of Management.
Other stakeholder aspects are taken into consideration by setting
strategic sustainability targets. The achievement of these targets forms
the basis for the final assessment at the end of the four-year
contractual vesting period.
Almost two thirds (64 %) of the variable remuneration is sharebased, so as to adequately reflect the long-term performance of the
company in the Board of Management remuneration.

Additional remuneration principles
Shareholding obligation and shareholding exposure
The members of the Board of Management are obliged to build up
the following degree of share ownership within three years:
−
−

Chairperson of the Board of Management: two times base salary,
i.e., € 4,013 thou,
Regular Board of Management member: one time base salary,
i.e., € 1,024 thou.

Ownership is required for the entire term of service on the Board of
Management. Shares will be acquired through mandatory pay
component conversion. In the event of a base salary increase, the
shareholding obligation increases accordingly. The ownership
obligation ceases with the end of the mandate.
In combination with the virtual shares (RSU) accumulated over
four years through the LTI plan, the Allianz SE Board of Management
has significant economic exposure to Allianz stock. This amounts to
approximately 800 % of base salary for the Chairperson and
approximately 700 % of base salary for a regular Board member.

Malus/clawback
In order to ensure sustainable corporate development and to avoid
taking inappropriate risks, variable remuneration components may
not be paid, or payment may be restricted, in the event of a significant
breach of the Allianz Code of Conduct or regulatory Solvency II
policies or standards, including risk limits.
In the same way, variable remuneration components already paid
may be subject to a clawback for three years after payout.
Additionally, a reduction or cancellation of variable remuneration may
be implemented if this is required by the supervisory authority (BaFin)
in accordance with its statutory powers.

Payout cap
In accordance with § 87a (1) sentence 2 (1) AktG and the
recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code, the
Supervisory Board has determined a remuneration cap.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Thus, the actual payout for the underlying financial year –
comprising the base salary, variable remuneration and pension service
cost – will be capped at maximum of € 11,750 thou for the
Chairperson of the Board of Management, and at € 6,000 thou for a
regular member of the Board of Management. If the remuneration for
the financial year exceeds this amount, compliance with the maximum
limit will be ensured by reducing the payout of the long-term variable
remuneration accordingly.
This payout cap principle was introduced for the first time for the
2019 financial year. Given that the actual amount of the long-term
variable remuneration paid out cannot be determined until after
vesting and the final sustainability assessment, compliance with the
payout cap will be reported on for the first time in the Remuneration
Report for the 2024 financial year.

Deviation from the remuneration system
The Supervisory Board can temporarily deviate from the remuneration
system in exceptional circumstances in accordance with the statutory
requirements (§ 87a (2) AktG), if this is necessary in the interests of the
long-term welfare of the company. The assessment may take into
account both macroeconomic and company-related exceptional
circumstances, such as impairment of the long-term viability and
profitability of the company. The deviation requires a prior proposal by
the Personnel Committee.
Particular components of the remuneration system from which
deviations may be made in exceptional cases include the base salary,
the annual bonus and the LTI, including their relationship to each other,
their respective assessment bases where applicable, the target setting
and target achievement assessment principles, and the determination
of any payout and payment dates. The duration of the deviation shall
be determined by the Supervisory Board at its due discretion, but
should not exceed a period of four years. In a crisis situation, for
example, this principle is intended to allow the appointment of a new
Board member with skills such as crisis management expertise, with a
remuneration structure that temporarily deviates from the
remuneration structure.
In the 2023 financial year, the Supervisory Board did not make use
of the option to deviate from the remuneration system.

29

Remuneration adjustment
The Supervisory Board is also entitled to take appropriate account of
extraordinary unforeseeable developments when determining the
amount of the variable remuneration components. This rule takes up
a recommendation of the German Corporate Governance Code and
allows for the adjustment of the remuneration in rare unforeseeable
exceptional cases.
Conceivable cases of application include, for example, significant
changes in accounting rules, or in the tax or regulatory framework, as
well as catastrophic events not yet known at the time of target setting.
The application of this rule may also lead to a reduction in the variable
remuneration.
The Supervisory Board may also adjust the target remuneration
of members of the Board of Management, insofar as this is
appropriate to ensure that the remuneration of the Chairperson of the
Board of Management or a regular member of the Board of
Management is appropriate with regard to their duties and
performance. In doing so, it shall take into account the horizontal and
vertical comparison of the Board of Management remuneration. The
aim of this rule is to moderately adjust Board of Management
remuneration on the basis of horizontal and vertical salary trends, and
thus to avoid major salary increases.
Rather than being automatic, adjustment requires a justified
decision by the Supervisory Board on a case-by-case basis. Such a
moderate adjustment of the target remuneration does not in itself
represent a significant change to the remuneration system. These
adjustments or deviations must be justified in detail in the respective
Remuneration Report for the financial year.

Termination of service
Board of Management contracts are limited to a period of five years.
For new appointments, a shorter period of up to three years is provided
based on the recommendation by the German Corporate Governance
Code.

Severance payment cap

contain provisions for any other cases of early termination of Board of
Management service.
In the event of a contractually agreed non-compete clause, a
severance payment is offset against compensation resulting from the
non-compete clause in the event of premature termination of service.

Transition payment
Board members appointed before 1 January 2010 are eligible for a
transition payment after leaving the Board of Management. The
transition payment comprises an amount corresponding to the most
recent base salary (paid for a period of six months), plus a one-time
payment of 25 % of the target variable remuneration at notice date.
Where an Allianz pension is due at the same time, this pension is
deducted from the monthly transition payments. In the event of a
contractually agreed non-compete clause, the remittance of the
transitional payment will be offset against the payment resulting from
the non-compete clause.

Miscellaneous
Internal and external Board appointments
When a member of the Board of Management simultaneously holds
an appointment at another company within the Allianz Group or their
joint ventures with outside partners, the full amount of the respective
remuneration is transferred to Allianz SE.
In recognition of related benefits to the organization, and subject
to prior approval by the Supervisory Board of Allianz SE, Board
members are also allowed to accept a limited number of nonexecutive supervisory roles at appropriate external organizations. In
these cases, 50 % of the remuneration received is paid to Allianz SE.
The respective Board member will only retain the full
remuneration for that position if the Allianz SE Supervisory Board
classifies the appointment as a personal one (ad personam). Any
remuneration paid by external organizations will be itemized in those
organizations’ annual reports; the level of remuneration will be
determined by the governing body of the relevant organization.

Payments for early termination to Board members with a remaining
term of contract of more than two years are capped at twice the
annual compensation, consisting of the last financial year’s base
salary and 100 % of the variable target compensation. If the remaining
term of contract is less than two years, the payment is made on a prorata basis for the remaining term of the contract. Contracts do not

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Group financial targets

Target achievement factor to determine the
variable remuneration
In line with the overarching strategic objective “simplicity wins”, the
calculation of variable remuneration follows a simple system. The
annual bonus and LTI allocation are based on only two Group financial
targets for the relevant financial year: operating profit and net income
attributable to shareholders, each at 50 %. The resulting target
achievement is adjusted by an individual contribution factor (ICF) in
the range of 0.8 to 1.2, which reflects both the results of the business
division and the performance of the individual Board member. If
targets are not met, the variable compensation can be reduced to
zero. If targets are significantly exceeded, the target achievement is
limited to 150 %.

30

The Group financial targets are based on equally weighted targets for
Group operating profit and Group net income attributable to
shareholders. Adjustments are only applied to acquisitions and
disposals that account for more than 10 % of the Group’s operating
profit or net income attributable to shareholders, or that have a valueadding effect from a risk management perspective (e.g., portfolio
transfers) and were not yet known at the time the plan was prepared.
This regulation is intended to prevent meaningful transactions from
having a negative impact on the remuneration of the Board of
Management.
Operating profit highlights the underlying performance of
ongoing core operations.
Net income attributable to shareholders is the profit after tax and
non-controlling interests (minorities). Furthermore, the net income
forms the basis for the dividend payout, as well as for calculating the
return on equity. Both key performance indicators (KPIs) are important
steering parameters for the Allianz Group and therefore reflect the
level of implementation of the Group’s strategy.
The Group’s financial target achievement is limited to a maximum
of 150 % and can drop to zero.
The minimum, target, and maximum values for the Group
financial targets are set annually by the Supervisory Board. These
targets are documented for the respective next financial year and
published ex-post in the Remuneration Report.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Individual performance indicators
The Group financial target achievement is multiplied by the ICF for
each member of the Board of Management. The ICF is based on an
assessment by the Allianz SE Supervisory Board of performance,
sustainability and strategic goals, based on KPIs reflecting the
respective Board member’s area of responsibility and their personal
contribution.
−

−

31

Strategic priority: An individual strategic priority will be set for
every Board member at the beginning of each performance year,
linked to a corresponding KPI and qualitatively assessed by the
Supervisory Board. In addition, overarching strategic goals that
apply to all Board members are set.
Performance (business division targets): For Board members with
business-related division responsibilities, the contribution to the
financial performance is based on various indicators of
profitability (e.g., operating profit and net income) and
productivity (e.g., expense ratio) for the respective business
division. For Board members with a functional focus, division-

−

specific performance targets are determined based on their key
responsibilities, and are qualitatively assessed.
Sustainability targets: Non-financial sustainability targets take
into account customer satisfaction (e.g., digital Net Promoter
Score (dNPS), employee engagement (e.g., Allianz Engagement
Survey), and leadership quality. The assessment of the individual
leadership quality also includes a review of behavioral aspects,
such as customer orientation, collaborative leadership,
entrepreneurship, and trust (e.g., corporate social responsibility,
integrity, diversity, and sustainability as measured by the
greenhouse gas reduction of Allianz companies and by the
development of a roadmap to reduce CO2 emissions in the context
of capital allocation).

Additional information, in particular regarding the annual
sustainability targets for the Allianz SE Board of Management can be
found in the Non-Financial Statement for the Allianz Group and
Allianz SE.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Determining the individual contribution factor (ICF)

Long-term incentive (LTI) design

The Supervisory Board determines the ICF for each member of the
Board of Management based on the fulfillment of the individual
performance indicators. Most of the performance indicators are
provided with quantitative criteria, and therefore offer a sufficiently
concrete basis for the combined assessment.
Each ICF category – strategic priority, performance, and
sustainability – has a significant weighting, and all three categories are
of equal importance and make an equal contribution to the overall
assessment. However, the individual indicators are not weighted on a
fixed percentage basis, so that the ICF is not determined on the basis
of a formulaic calculation. This allows the Supervisory Board to take
appropriate consideration of the individual criteria and to react
appropriately to changes in priorities during the year. In particular,
significantly underperforming in one category should allow a low
overall rating without being balanced out by the other indicators.
Since performance is determined without a specified weighting,
the ICF covers a narrow range of 0.8 to 1.2.

The long-term, share-based compensation component makes up the
largest portion of variable compensation. It promotes alignment with
shareholders and reflects the sustainable implementation of the
company’s long-term strategy. The LTI is based on the performance in
absolute and relative terms (i.e., versus competitors) of the Allianz
share. Furthermore, the long-term development of KPIs is reflected in
the deferred sustainability assessment following the four-year
contractual vesting period.

1_For accounting purposes, the determination of the fair value of RSUs is based on an option pricing model,
taking into account additional input parameters, including the term structure of interest rates and the
expected relative performance of the Allianz share price compared to the peer index. For the latter,

simulation techniques are applied at the valuation date to determine the volatility of the Allianz stock,
the volatility of the peer index, their correlation, and the expected dividends. The value of the RSUs used

32

−

Grant and contractual vesting period: The LTI is granted annually
in the form of virtual Allianz shares, known as restricted stock units
(RSUs). The number of RSUs to be granted corresponds to the LTI
allocation amount, divided by the allocation value of an RSU at
grant:
−

The LTI allocation amount is calculated by multiplying the LTI
target amount by the annual bonus achievement factor, and
capped at a maximum of 150 % of the target level.

−

The RSU allocation value is based on the ten-day-average
Xetra closing price of the Allianz stock following the annual
financial media conference 1. As RSUs are virtual stock without
dividend payments, the relevant share price is reduced by the
net present value of the expected future dividend payments
during the four-year contractual vesting period.

The LTI grant is followed by a contractual vesting period of four years.
After that period, the LTI amount to be paid is determined based on
the relative performance of the Allianz share, the relevant share price,
and the results of the sustainability assessment.
−

Relative performance versus peers: Besides the absolute shareprice development, the LTI payout takes the relative performance
of the Allianz share into account. The total shareholder return
(TSR) of the Allianz share is benchmarked against the TSR of the
STOXX Europe 600 insurance index by reflecting the relation of
the total performance of the Allianz share (“Allianz TSR”) and the
total performance of the STOXX Europe 600 insurance index
(“Index TSR”) between the start and end of the four-year

for the board members’ compensation may deviate from this IFRS value, as a simplified calculation
method was applied to increase transparency and traceability.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

contractual vesting period. The payout is based on the TSR
performance factor, which is calculated as follows:
−

−

At the end of the contractual vesting period, the difference
between the Allianz TSR and the Index TSR is determined in
percentage points; the result is multiplied by “2” because the
comparison with competitors and the market is critically
important, so the outperformance/underperformance is given
a twofold weighting.
To determine the factor, 100 percentage points are added to
the result. Example: 1 percentage point outperformance
results in a relative performance factor of 102 %; 1 percentage
point underperformance results in a relative performance
factor of 98 %.

In order to avoid incentivizing excessive risk-taking, the relative TSR
performance factor is limited: it can vary between zero (for
underperformance of the index by - 50 percentage points or lower)
and 200 % (for outperformance of the index by minimum
+ 50 percentage points or higher).

−

Sustainability assessment: Prior to the payout of each LTI tranche,
the Personnel Committee makes a preliminary assessment before
the Supervisory Board determines, whether there are any
sustainability-related concerns regarding a full payout. If any
concerns are identified, payment of the tranche may be cancelled
in full or in part.
The sustainability assessment covers:
−
−
−

compliance breaches,
balance sheet issues, such as reserve strength, solvency,
indebtedness, and ratings,
KPIs contained in the individual Board members’ targets, such
as dNPS, employee satisfaction, and climate targets.

The assessment is made by applying a comparable basis; i.e., any
regulatory changes, changes in accounting regulations, or
changes in calculation methods for the KPIs in question are taken
into account.

−

Allianz share performance, payout, and cap: Following the end of
the four-year contractual vesting period, the granted RSUs are
settled in cash, based on the ten-day average Xetra closing price
of the Allianz SE share following the annual financial media
conference in the year the respective RSU plan vests, multiplied by
the relative TSR performance factor, and adjusted by the
sustainability assessment, if necessary. The relevant share price is
capped at 200 % of the grant price. Likewise, the relative TSR
performance factor is capped at a maximum of 200 %. Taking into
account the overall compensation cap (€ 6,000 thou for a regular
Board member and € 11,750 thou for the Chairperson of the
Board of Management), the LTI payout in relation to the LTI target
– which deviates from the individual LTI component caps – is
limited to 272 %.

Outstanding RSU holdings are forfeited should a Board member leave
at their own request or be terminated for important cause.

Illustrative examples:
LTI payout: performance exceeds expectation (scenario 1)
Illustrative example for a regular Board member

%

Number of RSUs

€ thou

LTI initial grant based on:
•LTI target
•LTI allocation amount: annual bonus achievement factor applied to LTI target

1,536
110

•RSU grant (listed share price: € 220, share price relevant to the calculation of the allocation: € 170 (= reduced by the net present value of estimated future dividends of € 50))

1,690
9,940

LTI payout at vesting based on:
•RSUs x share price at vesting (€ 269)
•TSR relative performance factor: 2 x (TSR Allianz: 45 % – TSR STOXX Europe 600 Insurance: 40 %) + 100 %
Payout

33

2,674
110
2,941

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

LTI payout: performance remains below expectation (scenario 2)
Illustrative example for regular Board member

%

Number of RSUs

€ thou

LTI initial grant based on:
•LTI target

1,536

•LTI allocation amount: annual bonus achievement factor applied to LTI target

90

•RSU grant (listed share price: € 220, share price relevant to the calculation of the allocation: € 170 (= reduced by the net present value of estimated future dividends of € 50))

1,383
8,133

LTI payout at vesting based on:
•RSUs x share price at vesting (€ 203)

1,651

•TSR relative performance factor: 2 x (TSR Allianz: 15 % – TSR STOXX Europe 600 Insurance: 40 %) + 100 %

50

Payout

Application of the remuneration
system in the financial year

Group financial targets and target achievement
The degree of target achievement for the Group’s financial targets is
calculated as the simple average of the target achievement of the
operating profit for the year and the net income attributable to
shareholders for the year. The operating profit target of € 14.20 bn was
exceeded to € 14.75 bn as the Property-Casualty, Life/Health,

825

Corporate and Other business segments achieved growth in operating
profit and more than compensated for the slight decline in the Asset
Management business segment. This resulted in a target achievement
of 107.69 % for the operating profit.
The transition to IFRS 9 means a significant increase in the share
of assets measured at fair value through profit or loss on the balance
sheet in the Property-Casualty business segment and thus significantly
higher volatility of the net income in combination with fewer steering
options. For the 2023 financial year, the bonus curve was adjusted in
order to address fluctuations in the net income that the Board of
Management cannot control in either direction. For this purpose, 100 %
target achievement was defined as a plateau with an upward or

downward fluctuation range of € 500 mn. Net income attributable to
shareholders amounted to € 8.54 bn in the past financial year and was
therefore within the target range of € 7.9 – 8.9 bn, resulting in a target
achievement of 100.00 %.
Overall, this results in a target achievement rate for the Group’s
financial targets of 103.85 %.

Group financial target achievement 2022 und 2023
Group financial target achievement
Financial year

Operating profit
2022

Net income attributable to shareholders
2023

2022

2023

Achievement level combined in %
2022

2023

105.35

103.85

Bonus curve
0 % - Floor in € bn

6.70

7.10

3.60

3.70

100 % - Target in € bn

13.40

14.20

7.20

7.9 – 8.9

150 % - Max in € bn

16.75

17.75

9.00

11.00

Achievement level in € bn1

14.16

14.75

7.17

8.54

Achievement level in %

111.40

107.69

99.29

100.00

Weight in %

50.00

50.00

50.00

50.00

Target achievement

1_The 2022 operating profit and net income attributable to shareholders shown in this table (and also in the following tables within the Remuneration Report) are as published in the Annual Report 2022 and have not been adjusted to reflect the application of the new accounting standards IFRS 9
(Financial Instruments) and IFRS 17 (Insurance Contracts), which have been adopted as of 1 January 2023.

34

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Individual performance indicators and application
of the individual contribution factor
In order to calculate the annual bonus, the target achievement level of
the Group’s financial targets is multiplied by the individual contribution
factor (ICF). The Supervisory Board determines the ICF for each Board
member in line with their achievement of the targets defined in the
individual agreement on the individual performance indicators.

Individual performance indicators
Individual
contribution
factor (ICF)

Board members

Summary of individual performance in 2023

Oliver Bäte

• Another record result in a challenging economic and geopolitical environment.
• Top results in terms of brand value and customer and employee satisfaction as the basis for future success.

1.17

Sirma Boshnakova

• Very good growth of the platform businesses Allianz Partners, Allianz Direct and the Solvd claims platform.
• Foundation laid for further growth, e.g., through the successful conclusion of a bancassurance partnership in the Netherlands.

1.15

Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle

• Significant progress in large technology projects, in particular the realignment of the Business Master Platform.
• Substantial improvements in the stability of infrastructure services and user satisfaction with workplace services.
• Consistent improvement in the company’s IT security and strengthening of Group IT Governance by way of driving ambitious transformation projects forward.

1.15

Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler

• Further productivity gains and pursuit of key transformation projects within the Allianz Group.
• Considerable improvements in customer and employee satisfaction.
• Financial target achievement was adversely impacted by claims arising from natural disasters, in particular in Germany.

1.15

Giulio Terzariol

• Further strengthening of the solvency ratio, confirmation of or improvement in key credit ratings, and safeguarding Group liquidity.
• Very good management of the inflationary environment as the basis for only moderate impacts on the combined ratio in property insurance and on Group results.
• Successful integration of control functions and sustained strengthening of Group Governance.

1.15

Dr. Günther Thallinger

• Solid investment result in a capital market environment characterized by extreme interest rate hikes.
• Safeguarding Group liquidity through consistent reallocation of the investment portfolio, and positioning for a potentially sustained increase in capital market volatility.
• Strong commitment in formulating and implementing the new ambitious Net-Zero Plan, which contributes to the expansion of Allianz’s leading position in sustainability.

1.15

Christopher Townsend

• Strong results in the Commercial Lines business, driven by a very gratifying performance of Allianz Commercial and Allianz Trade.
• Improvements of results in the entities in Spain, Portugal, and Latin America.
• Further progress in developing the cross-border Commercial Lines platform.

1.15

Renate Wagner

• Robust growth and solid profitability in the Asia-Pacific business despite continued challenges in Australia.
• Top scores in terms of employee satisfaction and further progress in Diversity & Inclusion, externally recognized through the granting of numerous awards.

1.15

Dr. Andreas Wimmer

• Cushioning adverse market effects in Asset Management through disciplined cost management and achievement of robust new business despite strong volatility.
• Very good growth in U.S. Life Insurance and successful pursuit of an ambitious IT transformation.

1.15

35

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

As CEO, Oliver Bäte and his Board of Management team once again
led the company to a record profit. In addition to the very good
financial performance, his strong personal commitment also helped
the company to again achieve top scores for brand value as well as
customer and employee satisfaction, forming an excellent basis for the
continued successful development of Allianz. With regard to the
Capital Markets Day to be held in December 2024, the Supervisory
Board expects to see the formulation and implementation of the
updated corporate strategy in the new financial year. Moreover, the
initiatives launched to deliver further productivity gains in the core
business and accelerate profitable customer growth are expected to
be consistently pursued.
Sirma Boshnakova successfully drove the growth of the platform
business ahead in the completed financial year: Apart from the
continued strong development of Allianz Partners, Ms. Boshnakova
successfully launched the Solvd claims service platform in several
markets. The Allianz Direct direct insurance company also reported
robust growth and was migrated to a new IT infrastructure. In addition,
the conclusion of a partnership in the bancassurance channel in the
Netherlands forms an important basis for further growth. Alongside
the continued scaling of Solvd, the Supervisory Board expects Ms.
Boshnakova’s area of responsibility to deliver further improvement in
profitability in 2024.
Barbara Karuth-Zelle delivered significant progress in major
technology projects, in particular the realignment of the Business
Master Platform. She also achieved considerable enhancements of
the stability of infrastructure services and user satisfaction with
workplace services. Ms. Karuth-Zelle was also responsible for the
implementation of important productivity and digitalization initiatives.
In addition, Ms. Karuth-Zelle consistently improved the company’s IT
security and reinforced Group IT Governance by driving ambitious
transformation projects forward. Also, the economic management of
the IT budget progressed in the completed financial year. For 2024, the
Supervisory Board expects to see continued steady improvements,
particularly with regard to the speed of implementation and
profitability of the IT portfolio, as well as significant and visible
productivity gains at Allianz Technology.

36

Klaus-Peter Röhler delivered further productivity gains in the
portfolio he manages by and drove important transformation projects
forward within the Allianz Group. The significant improvement in
customer satisfaction, for example in life insurance in Germany and
Switzerland, is particularly noteworthy. Employee satisfaction also
continued to improve year-on-year in almost all subsidiaries in Mr.
Röhler’s portfolio. The achievement of financial targets in Mr. Röhler’s
portfolio was adversely affected by losses from natural disasters,
particularly in Germany. For 2024, the Supervisory Board expects to
see further efficiency gains through IT investments and the consistent
further development of pricing and claims models in property
insurance, particularly with regard to the mapping of natural events
resulting from climate change.
As CFO, Giulio Terzariol once again contributed significantly to
the company’s very solid position in all key financial indicators. Despite
an extremely challenging economic environment, he further
strengthened the solvency ratio, achieved the confirmation of or even
improvements in key credit ratings, and safeguarded Group liquidity.
He was also instrumental in ensuring that the high inflation rate only
had a moderate impact on the combined ratio in property insurance
and the Group result. Mr. Terzariol also successfully implemented the
integration of the control functions and strengthened Group
Governance in the long term. After a career spanning 25 years at
Allianz with assignments in various places including the U.S., Asia and
at the Munich head office, Mr. Terzariol left the company at the end of
the year at his own request. The Supervisory Board thanks Mr. Terzariol
for his outstanding contributions to the sustainable success of Allianz
and wishes him all the best for the future.
Günther Thallinger once again achieved a solid investment result
in a challenging capital market environment characterized by extreme
interest rate increases in many economies. Moreover, Mr. Thallinger’s
consistent reallocation of the investment portfolio helped secure the
company’s strong positioning, even with regard to a potential
continued increase in capital market volatility, as well as Group
liquidity. Allianz’s leading position in the area of sustainability was
further expanded, in particular due to Mr. Thallinger's strong personal
commitment in formulating and implementing the new, ambitious
Net-Zero Plan. For 2024, the Supervisory Board expects to see a

consistent adjustment of the investment portfolio to the changing
economic framework, taking account of capital market requirements,
as well as further profitable growth in the health insurance business.
Christopher Townsend again achieved strong results in the
Commercial Lines business in the 2023 financial year, driven by a very
gratifying performance delivered by both Allianz Commercial and
Allianz Trade. The entities in Spain, Portugal and Latin America, newly
allocated to his area of responsibility, also delivered notably improved
results. In addition, Mr. Townsend continued to drive the development
of the global Commercial Lines business forward. For 2024, the
Supervisory Board expects to see sustained improvements in the
results of Allianz UK and the realization of the financial targets and
visible productivity gains from the globalization of the Commercial
Lines business.
Renate Wagner quickly adjusted to her new responsibility for the
Asia-Pacific business in the completed financial year and achieved
robust growth and solid profitability despite continued challenges in
Australia. Moreover, Ms. Wagner’s efforts relating to the workforce and
culture at Allianz again delivered very good results. Examples include
employee satisfaction, which reached a record level and the top score
among Allianz’s competitors in the completed financial year. Allianz
once again won several awards to honor its success in the area of
Diversity & Inclusion. For 2024, the Supervisory Board expects further
profitable growth in Asia and improved results in Australia.
Furthermore, strategic HR planning will remain a top priority in times
of shortages of skilled labor.
Andreas Wimmer safeguarded the resilience of the Asset
Management business segment and U.S. Life Insurance in a very
challenging capital market environment. In Asset Management, he
cushioned adverse market effects through disciplined cost
management and achieved robust new business despite strong
volatility. In addition to very good growth in U.S. Life Insurance, he also
successfully drove an ambitious IT transformation forward. For 2024,
the Supervisory Board expects to see the expansion of business with
alternative asset classes for third-party customers and the consistent
continuation of the integration of the Life Insurance and Asset
Management business segments in order to strengthen the resulting
business opportunities and the capital efficiency of the Allianz Group.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Overview target achievement and variable
remuneration for the financial year
The following table shows the amounts for annual payout and LTIallocation resulting from the target achievement of the financial year,
as well as the target, minimum, and maximum amount of the variable
compensation components.
Target achievement and variable remuneration of the members of the Board of Management for the financial year
Target achievement

Board member
Active Board members in 2023

Group
financial
performance
%

Annual bonus

LTI allocation1

ICF

Target
achievement
factor

Target

Min

Max

Payout

Target

Min

Max

Allocation

0.8-1.2

%

€ thou

€ thou

€ thou

€ thou

€ thou

€ thou

€ thou

€ thou

Oliver Bäte

2023

103.85

1.17

121.50

1,673

-

2,510

2,033

3,011

-

4,516

3,658

Appointed: 01/2008
CEO since 05/2015

2022

105.35

1.16

122.21

1,593

-

2,390

1,947

2,867

-

4,301

3,504

Sirma Boshnakova

2023

103.85

1.15

119.43

854

-

1,280

1,020

1,536

-

2,304

1,835

Appointed: 1/2022

2022

105.35

1.12

117.99

813

-

1,220

959

1,463

-

2,195

1,726

Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle

2023

103.85

1.15

119.43

854

-

1,280

1,020

1,536

-

2,304

1,835

Appointed: 01/2021

2022

105.35

1.12

117.99

813

-

1,220

959

1,463

-

2,195

1,726

Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler

2023

103.85

1.15

119.43

854

-

1,280

1,020

1,536

-

2,304

1,835

Appointed: 04/2020

2022

105.35

1.14

120.10

813

-

1,220

976

1,463

-

2,195

1,757

Giulio Terzariol

2023

103.85

1.15

119.43

854

-

1,280

1,020

1,536

-

2,304

-

Appointed: 01/2018
End of service: 12/2023

2022

105.35

1.13

119.05

813

-

1,220

968

1,463

-

2,195

1,742

Dr. Günther Thallinger

2023

103.85

1.15

119.43

854

-

1,280

1,020

1,536

-

2,304

1,835

Appointed: 01/2017

2022

105.35

1.13

119.05

813

-

1,220

968

1,463

-

2,195

1,742

Christopher Townsend

2023

103.85

1.15

119.43

854

-

1,280

1,020

1,536

-

2,304

1,835

Appointed: 01/2021

2022

105.35

1.13

119.05

813

-

1,220

968

1,463

-

2,195

1,742

Renate Wagner

2023

103.85

1.15

119.43

854

-

1,280

1,020

1,536

-

2,304

1,835

Appointed: 01/2020

2022

105.35

1.14

120.10

813

-

1,220

976

1,463

-

2,195

1,757

Dr. Andreas Wimmer

2023

103.85

1.15

119.43

854

-

1,280

1,020

1,536

-

2,304

1,835

Appointed: 10/2021

2022

105.35

1.12

117.99

813

-

1,220

959

1,463

-

2,195

1,726

1_Derived by multiplying the LTI target amount by the target achievement factor.

37

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

The following tables show the individual remuneration of those
members of the Board of Management who were active in the
reporting year.
The table “Remuneration in the financial year” features the
remuneration awarded and due in accordance with § 162 (1)
sentence 1 AktG. It includes the payments made in the financial year
for base salary, perquisites, and other remuneration. For the variable
remuneration, the components for performance fully rendered in the
financial year are reported. This requirement is met where the
applicable performance criteria are fulfilled and conditions
subsequent and suspensive have been met or have ceased to exist. For
the 2023 financial year, this is the annual bonus that refers to the 2023
performance period and is paid out in March 2024. For the sharebased renumeration, the payout of the Allianz Equity Incentive (AEI)

38

RSU allocated in 2019 for the 2018 financial year, which vested in the
2023 financial year, is reported.
The additional table “Remuneration for the financial year” goes
above and beyond the requirements of § 162 AktG. It includes the
contributions to base salary and perquisites made in the respective
financial year, as well as the annual bonus for the respective financial
year and the allocation amount of the share-based remuneration for
the financial year.
The amounts for the annual bonus and LTI allocation reported
here result from the achievement of the targets for the financial year.
The information therefore directly depicts the correlation between
remuneration and business development.
Furthermore, the remuneration for the financial year is decisive for
reviewing the retention of the general payout cap of € 11,750 thou for
the Chairperson of the Board of Management and € 6,000 thou for a
regular member. It is reviewed prior to the payout in 2028 of the LTI

tranches allocated for the 2023 financial year, and reported in the
Remuneration Report for the respective financial year.
Furthermore, the pension expenses in the financial year are listed
in both tables, even if these expenses are not regarded as
remuneration awarded and due in accordance with § 162 AktG. Finally,
in addition to the absolute amounts, the share of the individual
remuneration components relative to the total remuneration is stated.
For the sake of clarity, the information provided for by the Stock
Corporation Act on remuneration awarded and due to former
members of the Board of Management is shown in a separate table.
The following diagram presents the allocation of the
remuneration components in the two tables, using the financial year
2023 as an example:

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Remuneration in the financial year
The following table shows the remuneration awarded and due in
accordance with § 162 (1) sentence 1 AktG. It includes the payments
made in the financial year for base salary and perquisites, the annual
bonus that refers to the performance period of the financial year, and
the payout amount of the share-based remuneration that vested in the
financial year. Furthermore, the pension expenses in the financial year
are listed, even if these are not regarded as remuneration awarded
and due in accordance with § 162 AktG.
Individual remuneration: 2023 and 2022
€ thou (total might not sum up due to rounding)
Fixed compensation
Board members
Oliver Bäte

Variable long-term

Total
compensation acc.
§ 162 AktG

Pension
service
cost

Total

Annual bonus

Share-based
compensation

€ thou

in % of TC

€ thou

in % of TC

€ thou

in % of TC

€ thou

in % of TC

€ thou

in % of TC

€ thou

€ thou

€ thou

1

2,033

32

2,283

36

-

-

6,357

1,109

7,466

Base salary

Board members active in financial year

Variable short-term

Perquisites

Other compensation

2023

2,007

32

35

Appointed: 01/2008
CEO since 05/2015

2022

1,911

34

15

-

1,947

34

1,786

32

-

-

5,660

1,122

6,782

Sirma Boshnakova

2023

1,024

49

29

1

1,020

49

-

-

-

-

2,072

444

2,516

Appointed: 01/2022

2022

975

50

271

1

959

49

-

-

-

-

1,961

412

2,373

Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle

2023

1,024

49

27

1

1,020

49

-

-

-

-

2,071

552

2,622

Appointed: 01/2021

2022

975

50

11

1

959

49

-

-

-

-

1,945

556

2,502

Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler

2023

1,024

49

54

3

1,020

49

-

-

-

-

2,097

502

2,599

Appointed: 04/2020

2022

975

49

19

1

976

50

-

-

-

-

1,970

533

2,503

Giulio Terzariol

2023

1,024

30

83

2

1,020

30

1,251

37

-

-

3,378

555

3,933

Appointed: 01/2018
End of service: 12/2023

2022

975

49

30

2

968

49

-

-

-

-

1,973

570

2,543

Dr. Günther Thallinger

2023

1,024

31

4

-

1,020

31

1,278

38

-

-

3,325

547

3,872

Appointed: 01/2017

2022

975

32

2

-

968

32

1,106

36

-

-

3,051

548

3,599

Christopher Townsend

2023

1,024

50

18

1

1,020

49

-

-

-

-

2,062

434

2,496

Appointed: 01/2021

2022

975

49

30

2

968

49

-

-

-

-

1,972

412

2,384

Renate Wagner

2023

1,024

49

30

1

1,020

49

-

-

-

-

2,074

529

2,602

Appointed: 01/2020

2022

975

49

26

1

976

49

-

-

-

-

1,977

526

2,504

Dr. Andreas Wimmer

2023

1,024

50

8

-

1,020

50

-

-

-

-

2,051

538

2,589

Appointed: 10/2021

2022

975

50

9

-

959

49

-

-

-

-

1,944

413

2,357

1_Ms. Boshnakova’s perquisites include the payment by Allianz Partners of accommodation expenses totaling € 11 thou until 30 June 2022, the date of termination of her employment with Allianz Partners.

39

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Remuneration for the financial year

Compliance with the maximum remuneration principles on
payouts for share-based remuneration in the 2023 financial
year

The following table shows the remuneration for the financial year. It
contains the variable remuneration amounts resulting directly from the
target achievement of the financial year: the annual bonus – as in the
remuneration in the financial year table above – and the allocation
amount of the LTI grant for the financial year.

In the 2023 financial year, the RSU tranches for the 2018 financial year,
allocated in March 2019, were paid out to Oliver Bäte, Giulio Terzariol,
and Dr. Günther Thallinger. According to the remuneration system
applicable at the time of the allocation, the RSU payout is solely
dependent on the absolute share price performance and capped at
200 % above the grant price. During the term of the AEI/RSU 2019
tranche, the decisive price of the Allianz share rose from € 193.66 to
€ 219.06. The increase, and therefore the payout, remained
significantly below this cap.
Individual remuneration: 2023 and 2022
€ thou (total might not sum up due to rounding)

Fixed compensation
Board members
Oliver Bäte

Variable long-term

Total
compensation

Pension
service
cost

Total

Annual bonus

Share-based
compensation

€ thou

in % of TC

€ thou

in % of TC

€ thou

in % of TC

€ thou

in % of TC

€ thou

in % of TC

€ thou

€ thou

€ thou

-

2,033

26

3,658

47

-

-

7,732

1,109

8,841

Base salary

Board members active in financial year

Variable short-term

Perquisites

Other compensation

2023

2,007

26

35

Appointed: 01/2008
CEO since 05/2015

2022

1,911

26

15

-

1,947

26

3,504

47

-

-

7,378

1,122

8,500

Sirma Boshnakova

2023

1,024

26

29

1

1,020

26

1,835

47

-

-

3,907

444

4,351

Appointed: 01/2022

2022

975

26

271

1

959

26

1,726

47

-

-

3,687

412

4,099

Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle

2023

1,024

26

27

1

1,020

26

1,835

47

-

-

3,905

552

4,457

Appointed: 01/2021

2022

975

27

11

-

959

26

1,726

47

-

-

3,672

556

4,228

Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler

2023

1,024

26

54

1

1,020

26

1,835

47

-

-

3,932

502

4,434

Appointed: 04/2020

2022

975

26

19

1

976

26

1,757

47

-

-

3,727

533

4,260

Giulio Terzariol

2023

1,024

48

83

4

1,020

48

-

-

-

-

2,126

555

2,682

Appointed: 01/2018
End of service: 12/2023

2022

975

26

30

1

968

26

1,742

47

-

-

3,715

570

4,285

Dr. Günther Thallinger

2023

1,024

26

4

-

1,020

26

1,835

47

-

-

3,882

547

4,429

Appointed: 01/2017

2022

975

26

2

-

968

26

1,742

47

-

-

3,687

548

4,235

Christopher Townsend

2023

1,024

26

18

-

1,020

26

1,835

47

-

-

3,896

434

4,330

Appointed: 01/2021

2022

975

26

30

1

968

26

1,742

47

-

-

3,714

412

4,126

Renate Wagner

2023

1,024

26

30

1

1,020

26

1,835

47

-

-

3,908

529

4,437

Appointed: 01/2020

2022

975

26

26

1

976

26

1,757

47

-

-

3,735

526

4,261

Dr. Andreas Wimmer

2023

1,024

26

8

-

1,020

26

1,835

47

-

-

3,885

538

4,424

Appointed: 10/2021

2022

975

27

9

-

959

26

1,726

47

-

-

3,670

413

4,083

1_Ms. Boshnakova’s perquisites include the payment by Allianz Partners of accommodation expenses totaling € 11 thou until 30 June 2022, the date of termination of her employment with Allianz Partners.

40

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Giulio Terzariol left the Board of Management of Allianz SE as of
31 December 2023 at his own request. All RSUs held by him on
31 December 2023 were forfeited on 2 January 2024.

Remuneration awarded and due in the 2023
financial year for former members of the Board of
Management
The following table shows the components awarded and due to
former members of the Board of Management in the 2023 financial
year, in accordance with § 162 AktG, and their relative share of total
remuneration.
Sergio Balbinot has made use of the option to draw his pension
benefits mainly as a lump sum. The “other compensation” column
shows the compensation (in total: € 1,625.5) for the post-contractual
non-competition clause to the extent already paid in 2023.

According to § 162 (5) AktG, reporting is done at individual
employee level for up to 10 years after the end of the financial year in
which the Board member in question has ended their activity.
Remuneration awarded and due totaling € 4 mn was awarded in the
2023 financial year to 12 members of the Board of Management who
had left before this period.

Individual remuneration: 2023

€ thou (total might not sum up due to rounding)
Former members of the Board of Management

Share-based compensation
€ thou

Pensions

Other compensation

Total

in % of total

€ thou

in % of total

€ thou

in % of total

€ thou

Sergio Balbinot (until 12/2022)

1,318

21

3,359

54

1,499

24

6,176

Ivan de la Sota (until 12/2022)

1,082

100

-

-

-

-

1,082

Jacqueline Hunt (until 09/2021)

1,278

99

-

-

9

1

1,287

Dr. Christof Mascher (until 12/2020)

1,159

90

132

10

-

-

1,291

Niran Peiris (until 12/2020)

1,225

100

-

-

-

-

1,225

Dr. Axel Theis (until 03/2020)

1,318

80

334

20

-

-

1,652

Dr. Helga Jung (until 12/2019)

1,225

97

41

3

-

-

1,266

Dr. Dieter Wemmer (until 12/2017)

-

-

95

100

-

-

95

Dr. Werner Zedelius (until 12/2017)

-

-

482

100

-

-

482

Dr. Maximilian Zimmerer (until 12/2016)

-

-

282

100

-

-

282

Manuel Bauer (until 08/2015)

-

-

136

100

-

-

136

Michael Diekmann (until 04/2015)

-

-

682

100

-

-

682

Clement Booth (until 12/2014)

-

-

151

100

-

-

151

41

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

The following table shows the development of the RSU portfolios of
the members of the Board of Management in the reporting year. The
number of RSUs granted under the former Allianz Equity Incentive (AEI
– up to and including the allocation for the 2018 financial year) and
under the current Long Term Incentive (LTI – from the 2019 financial
year) are displayed separately. As Giulio Terzariol left the Executive
Board on 31 December 2023, all RSUs (38,697 units) expired on
2 January 2024.
The reported RSU portfolios may include RSUs which have been
granted prior to the appointment as member of the Board of
Management of Allianz SE. The decisive price of the Allianz share at
the time of payout was € 219.06.
RSU portfolio development in financial year
Development during financial year
Board members
Oliver Bäte
Sirma Boshnakova
Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle
Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler
Giulio Terzariol1 (until 12/2023)
Dr. Günther Thallinger
Christopher Townsend
Renate Wagner
Dr. Andreas Wimmer

RSU plan

Number of RSUs on
1 January 2023

Number of RSUs allocated
in March 2023

Number of RSUs settled in
March 2023

Number of RSUs forfeited
in 2023

Number of RSUs on
31 December 2023
74,278

LTI/RSU

53,943

20,335

-

-

AEI/RSU

10,422

-

10,422

-

-

LTI/RSU

-

10,017

-

-

10,017

AEI/RSU

12,735

-

1,591

-

11,144

LTI/RSU

10,203

10,017

-

-

20,220

AEI/RSU

6,723

-

1,955

-

4,768

LTI/RSU

16,201

10,196

-

-

26,397

AEI/RSU

12,166

-

4,903

-

7,263

LTI/RSU

28,590

10,107

-

-

38,697

AEI/RSU

5,713

-

5,713

-

-

LTI/RSU

28,590

10,107

-

-

38,697

AEI/RSU

5,834

-

5,834

-

-

LTI/RSU

10,203

10,107

-

-

20,310

AEI/RSU

-

-

-

-

-

LTI/RSU

18,084

10,196

-

-

28,280

AEI/RSU

2,532

-

1,327

-

1,205

LTI/RSU

2,638

10,017

-

-

12,655

AEI/RSU

9,844

-

1,101

-

8,743

1_All RSUs held by Giulio Terzariol on 31 December 2023 were forfeited on 2 January 2024.

42

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Under the shareholding requirements, members of the Board of
Management must build share ownership within three years. The
following table shows the values of the share ownership and RSU
portfolios, and their proportion of base salary.
Shareholding exposure as of 31 December 2023
Share-ownership portfolio1

RSU portfolio2

Total portfolio

Proportion of total portfolio
value of base salary in %

4,942

17,195

22,137

1,103

545

4,786

5,331

521

Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle

1,154

5,806

6,961

680

Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler

1,135

7,866

9,001

879

Giulio Terzariol (until 12/2023)

1,265

9,135

10,400

1,016

Dr. Günther Thallinger

1,265

9,135

10,400

1,016

Christopher Townsend

1,154

4,708

5,862

573

Renate Wagner

1,159

6,861

8,020

783

545

4,866

5,411

529

in € thou
Board members active in financial year
Oliver Bäte
Sirma Boshnakova

Dr. Andreas Wimmer

1_Based on the XETRA closing price of the Allianz share as of 29 December 2023. Shareholdings as of 31 December 2023: Oliver Bäte: 20,427 shares; Giulio Terzariol and Dr. Günther Thallinger: 5,230 shares each, Renate Wagner: 4,789 shares, Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle and Christopher Townsend: 4,771
shares each, Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler: 4,693 shares, Sirma Boshnakova and Dr. Andreas Wimmer: 2,252 shares each.
2_Based on fair value of RSU portfolio as of 31 December 2023 shown in the table reporting the share-based compensation. The determination of the LTI fair values is based on an option pricing model taking into account additional input parameters, including the term structure of interest rates and the
expected relative performance of the Allianz share price compared to the peer index. For the latter, simulation techniques are applied at the valuation date to determine the volatility of the Allianz stock, the volatility of the peer index, and their correlation. All RSUs held by Giulio Terzariol on
31 December 2023 were forfeited on 2 January 2024.

43

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Company contributions to the current pension plan “My Allianz
Pension” are 15 % of total target direct compensation, reduced by an
amount covering the death and occupational or general disability risk.
The contributions are invested in a fund with a guarantee on the
contributions paid, but no further interest guarantee.
For members with pension rights under the now frozen defined
benefit plan, the above contribution rates are reduced by 19 % of the
expected annual pension from that frozen plan.

In 2023, the Allianz Group paid € 5 mn (2022: € 6 mn) to increase
reserves for pensions and similar benefits for active members of the
Board of Management. As of 31 December 2023, reserves for
pensions and similar benefits for active members of the Board of
Management amounted to € 35 mn (2022: € 35 mn).
Reserves for current pension obligations and accrued pension
rights for former members of the Board of Management totaled
€ 176 mn (2022: € 171 mn).

Individual pensions: 2023 and 2022

€ thou (total might not sum up due to rounding)
Current pension plan
Board members
Oliver Bäte
Sirma Boshnakova
Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle
Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler
Giulio Terzariol (until 12/2023)
Dr. Günther Thallinger
Christopher Townsend
Renate Wagner
Dr. Andreas Wimmer

Previous pension plans1

Total

SC2

DBO3

SC2

DBO3

SC2

DBO3

2023

942

7,012

167

4,713

1,109

11,725

2022

913

5,848

209

4,608

1,122

10,456

2023

444

1,202

-

-

444

1,202

2022

412

739

-

-

412

739

2023

479

2,147

73

840

552

2,987

2022

464

1,608

92

804

556

2,412

2023

478

2,894

24

1,880

502

4,774

2022

462

2,331

71

1,843

533

4,174

2023

477

3,026

78

1,064

555

4,090

2022

462

2,460

108

1,001

570

3,461

2023

480

3,598

67

1,193

547

4,791

2022

466

3,005

82

1,252

548

4,257

2023

434

1,308

-

-

434

1,308

2022

412

845

-

-

412

845

2023

480

2,220

49

168

529

2,388

2022

465

1,678

61

176

526

1,854

2023

481

1,751

58

238

538

1,989

2022

367

1,222

46

237

413

1,459

1_Previous closed and frozen plans, including transition payment for Oliver Bäte.
2_SC = service cost. Service costs are calculatory costs for the DBO related to the business year reported.
3_DBO = Defined Benefit Obligation, end of year. The figures show the obligation for Allianz resulting from defined benefit plans, taking into account realistic assumptions with regard to interest rate, dynamics, and biometric probabilities.

44

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

The following overview compares the annual development of the
remuneration of the members of the Board of Management, the
average remuneration of the employees, and selected earnings
parameters over the last five financial years.
The remuneration of the members of the Board of Management
presented in the table corresponds to the total remuneration
rewarded and due in the respective financial year. The earnings
development is shown using the two key performance indicators for
the Group’s financial target achievement – operating profit and net
income attributable to shareholders, as well as net income as reported
in the individual financial statements of Allianz SE. The workforce of
the German companies of the Allianz Group is used to present the
average employee remuneration on the basis of full-time equivalents.

45

Dr. Günther Thallinger received the share-based compensation
for the first time in the 2022 financial year and Giulio Terzariol in 2023.
The significant change from 2020 to 2021 in Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler’s
remuneration is explained by the fact that he joined the Board of
Management during the year, so the remuneration reported for 2020 is
pro rata only. The same rationale applies to the increase from 2021 to
2022 in Dr. Andreas Wimmer’s remuneration, as he joined during 2021.
Remuneration awarded and due to former members of the Board
of Management for the financial years following their departure
comprises mainly pension payments, share-based compensation
payouts, and other remuneration.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Comparative presentation
Development of Board of Management compensation, profit, and average compensation of employees

Financial year

2019

Change
2019 to 2020
in %

2020

Change
2020 to 2021
in %

2021

Change
2021 to 2022
in %

2022

Change
2022 to 2023
in %

2023

Board of management compensation in € thou
Board members active in financial year
Oliver Bäte

5,058

6

5,350

11

5,912

(4)

5,660

12

6,357

Sirma Boshnakova (appointed: 01/2022)

-

-

-

-

-

-

1,961

6

2,072

Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle

-

-

-

-

1,861

5

1,945

6

2,071

Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler

-

-

1,285

47

1,888

4

1,970

6

2,097

Giulio Terzariol (end of service: 12/2023)

1,946

(13)

1,694

10

1,870

6

1,973

71

3,378

Dr. Günther Thallinger

1,926

(13)

1,678

10

1,852

65

3,051

9

3,325

Christopher Townsend

-

-

-

-

1,903

4

1,972

5

2,062

Renate Wagner

-

-

1,708

10

1,883

5

1,977

5

2,074

Dr. Andreas Wimmer (appointed: 10/2021)

-

-

-

-

472

312

1,944

6

2,051

Former members
Sergio Balbinot (end of service 12/2022)

2,030

80

3,644

(5)

3,453

(8)

3,184

94

6,167

Ivan de la Sota1 (end of service 12/2022)

1,833

(6)

1,717

6

1,814

(3)

1,755

(38)

1,082

Jacqueline Hunt (end of service: 09/2021)

1,967

(14)

1,699

39

2,357

23

2,903

(56)

1,287

Dr. Christof Mascher (end of service: 12/2020)

3,356

(2)

3,285

(56)

1,452

(17)

1,200

8

1,291

Niran Peiris (end of service: 12/2020)

1,730

(13)

1,507

-

-

-

4

30,5252

1,225

Dr. Axel Theis (end of service: 03/2020)

1,988

21

2,405

(26)

1,773

(17)

1,472

12

1,652

Dr. Helga Jung (end of service: 12/2019)

3,135

(54)

1,428

(5)

1,354

(17)

1,118

13

1,266

Profit development in € bn
Operating profit

11.86

(9)

10.75

25

13.40

6

14.16

4

14.75

Net income attributable to shareholders

7.91

(14)

6.81

(3)

6.61

2

6.743

27

8.54

Net income acc. Allianz SE financial statement

4.60

-

4.61

16

5.35

(10)

4.79

68

8.05

86

(6)

81

4

84

4

87

7

93

Average employee compensation in € thou
Average compensation based on full-time equivalent

1_In order to ensure actual comparability for Mr. de la Sota, Mr. de la Sota’s compensation for the 2022 financial year is shown as € 6,502 thou, excluding the severance payment made in January 2023. Including the severance payment, his compensation amounts to € 8,257 thou, and the change
2021 to 2022 is 355 %.
2_The significant increase reported is due to the fact that Niran Peiris received a payment from share-based remuneration in 2023, while only expenses for tax consultancy fees were reimbursed in 2022.
3_Including the adjustment impact of the deconsolidation in Russia, Group net income amounted to € 7.17 bn, with a growth rate of 19%.

46

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

Remuneration of the Allianz SE
Supervisory Board
The remuneration of the Supervisory Board is governed by the Statutes
of Allianz SE and the German Stock Corporation Act. Furthermore, the
structure of the Supervisory Board’s remuneration is regularly reviewed
with regard to its compliance with German, European, and
international corporate governance recommendations and
regulations.

−

−

−

−

The set total remuneration is both aligned with the scale and
scope of the Supervisory Board’s duties and appropriate in view of
the Company’s activities and its business and financial situation.
This also reflects the contribution made by the monitoring activity
of the Supervisory Board to the long-term development of the
Company.
The remuneration takes into account the individual functions and
responsibilities of Supervisory Board members, such as
Chairperson, Deputy Chairperson, or Committee memberships.
The remuneration structure allows proper oversight of
management as well as independent decisions on executive
personnel and remuneration.
Given Allianz’s relative size and complexity as well as its
sustainable performance, the remuneration of the Supervisory
Board is oriented towards the fourth quartile of the supervisory
board remuneration of peers in the DAX.

Fixed annual remuneration

Attendance fees and expenses

The remuneration of a Supervisory Board member consists of a fixed
cash amount paid pro rata temporis after the end of the respective
quarter of the financial year. Each regular Supervisory Board member
receives a fixed remuneration amounting to € 150 thou per year. The
Chairperson receives € 450 thou, each Deputy Chairperson receives
€ 225 thou.

In addition to the fixed and committee-related remuneration,
members of the Supervisory Board receive an attendance fee of
€ 1,000 for each Supervisory Board or committee meeting they attend
in person. Should several meetings be held on the same or consecutive
days, the attendance fee will only be paid once. The attendance fee is
payable after the respective meeting.
In addition, the Supervisory Board members are reimbursed for
expenses incurred in connection with their Supervisory Board activities.
The company provides insurance coverage and technical support to
the Supervisory Board members to an extent reasonable for carrying
out their Supervisory Board duties.

Committee-related remuneration
The Chairperson and members of the Supervisory Board committees
receive additional committee-related remuneration which is also paid
pro rata temporis after the end of the respective quarter of the
financial year. The committee-related remuneration is as shown in the
graph below:

The remuneration for the Supervisory Board of Allianz SE provides for
a fixed remuneration. Supervisory Board members who had only
served on the Supervisory Board during part of the financial year
receive one twelfth of the remuneration for each month of service
commenced. This shall apply accordingly for membership of
Supervisory Board committees.
The Supervisory Board’s Remuneration System was presented to
the Annual General Meeting of Allianz SE on 4 May 2023 and was
approved with a majority vote of 95.07 %.

47

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

The following table shows the remuneration awarded and due in
accordance with § 162 AktG. It comprises the fixed remuneration,
committee remuneration, and attendance fees as well as members’
relative share of the total remuneration.
Individual remuneration: 2023 and 2022

€ thou (total might not sum up due to rounding)

Members of the Supervisory Board

Fixed remuneration

Committee
remuneration

Total
remuneration

Attendance fees

Committees1
A

N

P

R

S

T

SU

€ thou

in % of
total

€ thou

in % of
total

€ thou

in % of
total

Michael Diekmann

2023

450.0

59

300.0

40

9.0

1

759.0

M

C

C

C

C

M

M

(Chairperson)

2022

250.0

47

275.0

51

12.0

2

537.0

M

C

C

C

C

M

M

Gabriele Burkhardt-Berg

2023

225.0

74

75.0

25

6.0

2

306.0

M

M

M

(Deputy Chairperson)

2022

187.5

71

75.0

28

3.0

1

265.5

M

M

M

Herbert Hainer

2023

225.0

80

50.0

18

6.0

2

281.0

M

M

(Deputy Chairperson: from 05/2022)

2022

166.7

76

50.0

23

4.0

2

220.7

M

M

Sophie Boissard

2023

150.0

53

125.0

44

7.0

2

282.0

M

M

M

2022

125.0

56

91.7

41

5.0

2

221.7

M

M

M

2023

150.0

62

87.5

36

6.0

2

243.5

M

M

2022

125.0

58

87.5

41

3.0

1

215.5

M

M

2023

150.0

73

50.0

24

5.0

2

205.0

Members active in financial year

Christine Bosse
Rashmy Chatterjee

€ thou

(from 05/2022)

2022

83.3

70

33.3

28

3.0

3

119.7

Dr. Friedrich Eichiner

2023

150.0

40

212.5

57

10.0

3

372.5

2022

125.0

43

158.3

55

6.0

2

2023

150.0

58

100.0

39

9.0

3

2022

125.0

61

75.0

36

6.0

2023

150.0

64

75.0

32

8.0

2022

125.0

70

50.0

28

2023

150.0

73

50.0

24

2022

125.0

70

50.0

Jürgen Lawrenz

2023

150.0

73

2022

125.0

Primiano Di Paolo

2023

150.0

Jean-Claude Le Goaër
Martina Grundler
Frank Kirsch

C
C
C
C

C

M

M

M

289.3

C

M

M

259.0

M

M

3

206.0

M

M

3

233.0

M

4.0

2

179.0

M

6.0

3

206.0

M

28

3.0

2

178.0

M

50.0

24

6.0

3

206.0

70

50.0

28

3.0

2

178.0

83

25.0

14

6.0

3

181.0

M

M
M
M

M

M

M

M

(from 05/2022)

2022

83.3

81

16.7

16

3.0

3

103.0

Total

2023

2,250.0

64

1,200.0

34

84.0

2

3,534.0

-

-

-

M
-

-

-

-

2022

1,776.0

61

1,059.4

37

55.0

2

2,890.4

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Legend: C = Chairperson of the respective committee, M = Member of the respective committee.
1_Abbreviations: A = Audit, N = Nomination, P = Personnel, R = Risk, S = Standing, T = Technology, SU = Sustainability.

48

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

B _ Corporate Governance

The following overview compares the annual development of the
remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board, the average
remuneration of employees, and selected earnings parameters over
the last five financial years. The remuneration of the members of the
Supervisory Board presented in the table corresponds to the total
remuneration awarded and due in the respective financial year.

income as reported in the individual financial statements of Allianz SE.
The workforce of the German companies of the Allianz Group is used
to present the average employee remuneration on the basis of fulltime equivalents.

In the case of Ms. Rashmy Chatterjee and Mr. Primiano Di Paolo,
the significant change from 2022 to 2023 is due to the fact that only
pro rata remuneration is reported for both of them for the 2022
financial year, as they joined the Supervisory Board during the year.
The earnings development is shown using the two key performance
indicators for the Group’s financial target achievement – operating
profit and net income attributable to shareholders, as well as net

Comparative presentation
Comparative information

Financial year

Development of Supervisory Board compensation, profit, and average compensation of employees

2019

Change
2019 to 2020
in %

2020

Change
2020 to 2021
in %

2021

Change
2021 to 2022
in %

2022

Change
2022 to 2023
in %

2023

Supervisory Board compensation in € thou
Active members in financial year
Michael Diekmann

484.0

-

486.0

9

530.9

1

537.0

41

759.0

Gabriele Burkhardt-Berg

243.5

(1)

240.5

9

261.4

2

265.5

15

306.0

Herbert Hainer

181.0

(1)

180.0

(2)

176.0

25

220.7

27

281.0

Sophie Boissard

184.0

(3)

178.0

13

200.9

10

221.7

27

282.0

Christine Bosse

156.0

(2)

153.0

37

209.3

3

215.5

13

243.5

-

-

-

-

-

-

119.7

71

205.0

Dr. Friedrich Eichiner

284.0

(1)

281.0

(1)

278.0

4

289.3

29

372.5

Jean-Claude Le Goaër

209.0

(3)

203.0

-

203.0

1

206.0

26

259.0

Martina Grundler

182.0

(2)

179.0

(2)

176.0

2

179.0

30

233.0

Frank Kirsch

156.0

(1)

154.0

13

173.9

2

178.0

16

206.0

Jürgen Lawrenz

181.0

(1)

179.0

(2)

176.0

1

178.0

16

206.0

-

-

-

-

-

-

103.0

76

181.0

Rashmy Chatterjee (since 05/2022)

Primiano Di Paolo (since 05/2022)
Profit development in € bn
Operating profit

11.86

(9)

10.75

25

13.40

6

14.16

4

14.75

Net income attributable to shareholders

7.91

(14)

6.81

(3)

6.61

2

6.741

27

8.54

Net income acc. Allianz SE financial statement

4.60

-

4.61

16

5.35

(10)

4.79

68

8.05

86

(6)

81

4

84

4

87

7

93

Average employee compensation in € thou
Average compensation based on full-time equivalent

1_Including the adjustment impact of the deconsolidation in Russia, Group net income amounted to € 7.17 bn, with a growth rate of 19%.

Mr. Jürgen Lawrenz did not receive any remuneration for his service on
the Supervisory Board of Allianz Technology SE. All current employee
representatives of the Supervisory Board, except for Ms. Martina
Grundler, are employed by Allianz Group companies and receive
market-based remuneration for their services.

49

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

GROUP MANAGEMENT REPORT

C
50

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

BUSINESS OPERATIONS
Allianz Group structure
Allianz SE and its subsidiaries (the Allianz Group) offer propertycasualty insurance, life/health insurance, and asset management
products and services in almost 70 countries, with the largest of our
operations located in Europe. The Allianz Group serves around 125
million private and corporate customers 1. Allianz SE, the parent
company of the Allianz Group, has its headquarters in Munich,
Germany.
The Allianz Group’s structure reflects both our business segments
and geographical regions. Business activities are organized by product
and type of service, based on how these are strategically managed:
insurance activities, asset management activities, and corporate and
other activities. Due to differences in the nature of products, risks, and
capital allocation, insurance activities are further divided into the two
categories property-casualty and life/health. In accordance with the
Board of Management’s responsibilities, each of the insurance
categories is grouped into regional reportable segments. In 2023, the
Allianz Group had 11 reportable segments.

Allianz Group structure –
business segments and reportable segments 2

Property-Casualty

Life/Health

– German Speaking Countries and
Central & Eastern Europe
– Western & Southern Europe,
Allianz Direct, and Allianz
Partners
– Asia Pacific
– Global Insurance Lines & Anglo
Markets, Iberia & Latin America,
Middle East, and Africa

– German Speaking Countries and
Central & Eastern Europe
– Western & Southern Europe
– Asia Pacific
– USA
– Global Insurance Lines & Anglo
Markets, Iberia & Latin America,
Middle East, and Africa

Asset Management

Corporate and Other

– Asset Management

– Corporate and Other

Insurance operations
We offer a wide range of property-casualty and life/health insurance
products to both retail and corporate customers. For the PropertyCasualty business segment, these include motor, accident, property,
general liability, travel insurances, and assistance services. The
Life/Health business segment offers savings and investment-oriented
products in addition to life and health insurance. We are the leading
property-casualty insurer worldwide and rank among the top five in
the life/health insurance business. 3 Our key markets (in terms of
premiums) are Germany, France, Italy, and the United States.
Most of our insurance markets are served by local Allianz
companies. However, some business lines – such as Allianz Global
Corporate & Specialty (AGCS), Allianz Partners (AP), and Allianz Trade
– are run globally.

1_Including non-consolidated entities with Allianz customers.
2_For further information on organizational changes, please refer to the chapter Executive Summary of
2023 Results.

51

3_Based on currently available peer data. Final peer analysis first available after publication of this Annual
Report, due to the ongoing peers’ full year reporting season. Allianz has defined a group of comparable

Asset management
Our two major asset management entities, PIMCO and AllianzGI,
operate under the governance of Allianz Asset Management (AAM).
We are one of the leading global asset managers that actively
manages assets. Our offerings cover a wide range of equity, fixed
income, cash, and multi-assets products as well as a strongly growing
number of alternative investment products, such as real estate,
infrastructure debt/equity, real assets, liquid alternatives, and solution
business. Our core markets are the United States, Canada, Germany,
France, Italy, the United Kingdom, and the Asia-Pacific region.

Corporate and Other
The Corporate and Other business segment’s activities include the
management and support of the Allianz Group’s businesses through
its central Holding functions, Banking and Alternative as well as Digital
Investments. The Holding functions manage and support the Group’s
businesses through its strategy, risk, corporate finance, treasury,
financial reporting, controlling, communication, legal, human
resources, technology, and other functions. Our Banking operations,
which place a primary focus on retail clients, support our insurance
business and complement the products we offer in Italy, France, and
Bulgaria. Digital Investments identifies and invests in digital growth
companies for the Allianz Group.

peers with a similar business mix and global footprint, which includes AIG, AXA, Chubb, Generali, and
Zurich.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Worldwide presence and business segments
Market presence of our business operations1
PropertyCasualty

Life/
Health

Insurance German Speaking Countries, Insurance Central & Eastern Europe
German Speaking Countries
X

X

Switzerland

X

X

Australia

X

X

Bulgaria

X

X

Croatia

X

X

Czech Republic

X

X

Hungary

X

X

Lithuania

X

X

Poland

X

X

Romania

X

X

Slovakia

X

X

Slovenia

X

X

Ukraine

X

X

Italy

X

X

Türkiye

X

X

France

X

X

Belgium

X

X

The Netherlands

X

X

Luxembourg

X
X

X

X

X

Allianz Partners
Allianz Direct
X

Insurance Asia Pacific
Asia Pacific
China

X

X

Indonesia

X

X

Japan

X

Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Insurance Iberia & Latin America,
Insurance Middle East, and Africa2,3
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets

X
X

Institutional
Asset
Management

United States1

X

X

Canada

X

X

Brazil

X

X

Asset Management
North and Latin America

Europe
Germany

X

X

United Kingdom

X

France

X

X

Ireland

X

Italy

X

X

Ireland

X

X

Luxembourg

X

X

Spain

X

X

Switzerland

X

X

Belgium

X

X

Allianz Global Corporate &
Specialty

X

Allianz Trade

X

Reinsurance

X

X

Iberia

Europe

Spain

X

X

Portugal

X

X

Latin America
X

Brazil

X

X

Colombia

X

X

Mexico

X

X

Middle East
X

X

X

United Kingdom2

X

X

Sweden3

X

X

Japan

X

X

Hong Kong

X

X

Taiwan

X

X

Singapore

X

X

China

X

X

Australia

X

X

Indonesia

X

X

Asia Pacific

Argentina

Saudi Arabia

The Netherlands

X

1_This overview is based on our organizational structure as of 31 December 2023.
2_The Global Insurance Lines serve clients through a worldwide network of Allianz-owned offices
plus network partners in other locations – the table above does not list every country separately
in which the global insurance lines operate.
3_In Africa, all businesses were contributed to a joint venture with Sanlam, where the Allianz Group
held a minority stake of 41% at the end of the year 2023. This joint venture also includes the
Allianz Egypt business. In the Middle East, we sold our Lebanon operations in July 2023.

1_Due to the restructuring of AllianzGI's U.S. business, all U.S. institutional business is conducted
out of Allianz Capital Partners of America. Distribution in the United States is done through Voya.
2_Following Brexit, during 2023, the business of the UK Branch has been transferred to AllianzGI
UK Ltd. and also the business of the Allianz Capital Partners – London Branch has been
transferred to AllianzGI UK Ltd.
3_AllianzGI GmbH – Sweden Branch is offering sales support only, no regulated services are
performed locally.

X

Laos

X

Malaysia

X

Philippines

X
X

Singapore

X

Sri Lanka

X

X

X

X

Taiwan

52

X

Insurance Iberia & Latin America

Insurance Western & Southern Europe, Allianz Direct and Allianz Partners

Thailand

X

U.S. life insurance

Austria

Allianz Direct

X

Retail Asset
Management

Banking

USA

Central & Eastern Europe

Allianz Partners

India

Life/
Health

Australia

Germany

Greece

PropertyCasualty

Banking

X

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Our steering
The members of the Board of Management of Allianz SE are jointly
responsible for the management of the company and compliance with
legal requirements. Notwithstanding this overall responsibility, the
individual members independently head the departments assigned to
them. They consult with the Chairperson of the Board of Management
on important issues. The Chairperson of the Board of Management is
also responsible for coordinating the departments.
Divisional responsibilities for business segments and/or functional
responsibilities are assigned to the individual departments. The latter
include Finance, Risk Management and Controlling Functions, Investments, Operations and IT, Human Resources, Legal, Compliance,
Internal Audit, and Mergers & Acquisitions. Business division
responsibilities focus on geographical regions or global lines. Rules of
procedure specify the inner organization of the Board of Management
as well as the departmental responsibilities in more detail.
For further information on Board of Management members and
their responsibilities, please refer to Mandates of the Members of the
Board of Management.

appropriate measures in the event of negative developments. The
Allianz Group uses operating profit and core net income as key
financial performance indicators across all its business segments.
Other indicators include segment-specific figures, such as the
combined ratio for Property-Casualty, core return on equity 1 and new
business margins for Life/Health, and the cost-income ratio for Asset
Management. For a comprehensive overview of our business segment
performance, please refer to the respective chapters on the following
pages.
Besides performance steering, we also have a risk-steering
process in place, which is described in the Risk and Opportunity
Report.
Non-financial key performance indicators (KPIs) too, are taken
into account when determining the variable remuneration of the
Board of Management. Non-financial KPIs include customer
satisfaction, employee satisfaction as well as various environmental
indicators. For further information on non-financial KPIs, as well as an
overview of the development and expected development of these
non-financial KPIs, please refer to the Non-Financial Statement.

The Allianz Group steers its operating entities and business segments
via an integrated management and control process. It begins with the
definition of a business-specific strategy and goals, which are
discussed and agreed upon between the Holding and operating
entities. Based on this strategy, our operating entities prepare threeyear plans, which are then aggregated to form the financial plans for
the business divisions and for the Allianz Group as a whole. This plan
also forms the basis for our capital management. On the basis of this
plan, the Supervisory Board sets corresponding targets for the Board
of Management. The performance-based remuneration of the Board
of Management is linked to short-term and long-term targets to
ensure effectiveness and emphasize sustainability. For further details
about our remuneration structure, including target setting and
performance assessment, please refer to the Remuneration Report.
We continuously monitor our business performance against these
targets through monthly reviews – which cover key operational and
financial metrics – to ensure we can move quickly and take
1_ Effective 2023, core return on equity represents the ratio of shareholders' core net income to the average
shareholders' equity at the beginning and at the end of the year. From the average shareholders' equity

53

unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses are excluded
and participations in affiliates not already consolidated in this segment are deducted.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

NON-FINANCIAL STATEMENT
About the statement
This section has been compiled in accordance with the Corporate
Social Responsibility (CSR) Directive Implementation Act (EU Directive
2014/95/EU), which has been transposed into German law via
§§ 315d, 289f HGB.
Allianz will be required to report under the new sustainability
reporting regime of Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive
(CSRD) in its sustainability statement for financial year 2024. We are
moving towards compliance with the CSRD with our financial year
2023 reporting for “Climate change” (European Sustainability
Reporting Standards (ESRS) E1) and “Own workforce” (ESRS S1), in
terms of anticipating structural and many content requirements of
CSRD. All material topics will be covered as per the CSRD as of
financial year 2024 reporting. Going forward, the focus for Allianz will
shift from reporting in accordance with Global Reporting Initiative
(GRI) towards full CSRD compliance for financial year 2024.
The topics “Climate change” and “Own workforce” are strategic
sustainability focus areas at the Allianz Group, supported by our 2021
GRI materiality assessment and confirmed by the 2023 Corporate
Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) materiality assessment.
The concepts and key performance indicators (KPIs) that reflect
our material sustainability matters, based on the 2021 GRI materiality
assessment, have been prepared in accordance with the latest GRI
standards. For further information on our materiality assessment,
please refer to section “06.6” in our Group Sustainability Report 2023
on the Allianz company website.
This non-financial chapter of our 2023 Annual Report covers the
entire Allianz Group. All measures, activities, and key figures refer to the
2023 financial year (1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023). For
targets relevant for the remuneration of the Board of Management,
we disclose the targets that were set for this year, the achievements
from this year and the targets for next year. For all other topics, we

present the objectives and actions taken in the reporting year. Unless
otherwise stated, we use the control principle defined by the
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) when determining
the scope of reporting for the Allianz Group. This Non-Financial
Statement is an integral part of the management report and is subject
to
statutory
audit
by
PricewaterhouseCoopers
GmbH
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft.
Any references to information published outside the Group
Management Report and Allianz SE’s Management Report are
supplementary, do not form an integral part of this non-financial
information, and are not subject to any assurance engagement (unless
specified in the respective document).
The governance process for non-financial reporting is aligned
with financial reporting and follows the same review principles as the
Annual Report, engaging with the Board of Management and
Supervisory Board.

Company description
The Allianz Group is one of the world’s leading insurers and asset
managers with around 125 million private and corporate customers 1
in almost 70 countries.
Our customers benefit from a broad range of personal and
corporate insurance services. This includes property, life and health
insurance, assistance services, credit insurance, and global business
insurance.
As one of the world’s largest investors, Allianz manages around
€ 737 bn on behalf of its insurance customers. Our asset managers –
PIMCO and Allianz Global Investors – manage € 1.7 tn of third-party
assets.
For further information on our business model, see our Business
Operations chapter in the Allianz Group’s Annual Report 2023 and
section “01.2” of our Group Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz
company website.

The Non-Financial Statement has the following main chapters:
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−
−

Company description
Corporate sustainability governance and strategy,
Environmental matters,
Social matters,
Responsible consumer/sales,
Cybersecurity,
Human rights matters,
Employee matters,
Compliance/anti-corruption and bribery matters,
EU Taxonomy Regulation,
Outlook.

Corporate sustainability governance
and strategy
Our purpose – We secure your future – guides our actions across the
Allianz Group and drives us to pursue constant innovation and
collaboration. It also guides our interactions with our customers,
partners, employees, investors, governments, regulators, society,
people with disabilities and next generations across all our businesses.
Our ambition is to support the transformation towards
sustainable economies as a partner to our stakeholders. In doing so,
we want to drive real-world impact across societies, economies, and
the environment. This includes helping to shape the economy to
provide the social minimum for all while maintaining environmental
barriers.

1_Including non-consolidated entities with Allianz customers.

54

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

We are dedicated to responsible and transparent governance. Allianz
has increased the importance of sustainability with the ambition to
fully integrate sustainability across the company. Ultimate
responsibility for all matters relating to sustainability resides with the
Board of Management of Allianz SE as the Group’s parent company.
To support the Board of Management in its decision-making,
Allianz SE established a dedicated Group Sustainability Board. It is
composed of members of the Board of Management of Allianz SE and
Group Center heads, and meets quarterly. The core objectives of the
Group Sustainability Board are: preparing the overall framework for
sustainability for the Allianz Group, integrating sustainability into the
Group’s business processes with Allianz as an organization (operations
and organization) and Allianz as a financial institution (investments,
insurance, asset management), and maintaining oversight of and
steering overarching sustainability matters.
Allianz established a Sustainability Committee (as a committee
of the Supervisory Board) to strengthen the integration and
implementation of our sustainability strategy throughout the
organization and business functions.
The core objectives of the Sustainability Committee include:
advising the Supervisory Board on sustainability-related issues to
support economically sound and sustainable development and
positioning of the Allianz Group, closely monitoring and supporting
oversight of the Management Board’s sustainability strategy, in
particular the management and execution of the strategic framework
for group-wide sustainability measures and conducting preliminary
examination of the sustainability-related disclosures, including the
non-financial statement as part of the Supervisory Board’s review. It

55

also supports the Personnel Committee in the preparation of the
sustainability-related target setting, as well as the review of the set
targets’ fulfillment for the Management Board’s remuneration. In
2023, the Sustainability Committee prepared the recommendation of
the sustainability-related targets for the members of the Board of
Management of Allianz SE, reviewed the respective achievements of
the Board of Management, and gave its recommendation to the
Personnel Committee of the Supervisory Board. The Sustainability
Committee was kept informed on the sustainability strategy and
provided advice and guidance on critical issues.
Global Sustainability was established in 2021 and supports the
Group Sustainability Board in the execution of its responsibilities. This
includes preparation, coordination, and implementation of the
decisions by the Group Sustainability Board. It supports Allianz’s Group
Centers and operating entities to effectively integrate the Group’s
sustainability strategy into their business processes and policy
framework. Global Sustainability drives the integration of
sustainability-related matters across the organization and business to
ensure Allianz plays a role in shaping the societies and economies in
which it operates.
Group Centers take responsibility for sustainability within their
functions with the purpose of embedding sustainability across the
Allianz organization and business. Global Sustainability and Group
Centers work with an extensive network of sustainability and business
experts located across Allianz’s operating entities, globally providing
guidance and setting minimum standards to ensure they embed
sustainability in their strategies and approaches. This network
supports implementation of the group-wide sustainability strategy,

shares best practice and scales positive impacts across the
organization.
Other Board of Management committees play an important role in
decision-making processes:
−
−

−

The Group Finance and Risk Committee oversees risk
management and monitoring, including sustainability risk.
The Group Underwriting Committee monitors the underwriting
business, its risk management and development of underwriting
policies and strategies. This includes the integration of
sustainability into these processes and strategies.
The Group Investment Committee focuses on fundamental
investment-related topics, including sustainability-related matters.

While many operating entities (OEs) had already established local
responsibilities for sustainability integration, this was formalized
during 2023 with mandatory roles. Each OE must nominate one Board
member to be responsible for sustainability, who will be supported by
at least one Sustainability Lead.
In 2023 and for 2024, the targets for the Board of Management
have been further developed to reflect sustainability priorities. The
table below describes the targets in more detail. Minor wording
changes were applied compared to the publications last year to create
consistency with the Allianz SE Board Member target letters. The
underlying targets remain unchanged compared to last year.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Sustainability-related targets linked to the remuneration of the Board of Management
Our Targets

Board Targets 2023

Achievement 2023

Board Targets 2024

More Details

Overarching

Achieve strong sustainability position (top
performance in DJSI, MSCI)

DJSI/S&P Global CSA1: 3rd

Achieve strong sustainability position
(top performance in DJSI, MSCI)

For further insights, please refer to section Corporate
sustainability governance and strategy

Environmental

Social

Governance

MSCI : AA
2

Ensure sustainable solutions in
proprietary investments and products

Sustainable Investments scope grew with the
addition of sub-sovereigns, active increase, market
value growth and further scope expansion;
framework for sustainable Life savings products
established and growth plan for Sustainable
Insurance Solutions in Property-Casualty developed

Ensure sustainable solutions
in proprietary investments and products

For further insights, please refer to section
Environmental matters and EU Taxonomy
Regulation

Define positioning on Social in line
with Allianz purpose focusing on
Sustainable Development Goal 8 (SDG 8)

Social positioning defined with focus on societal
resilience, (financial-) education and employability,
including Lifelong Learning

n.a.

For further insights, please refer to section Social
matters

50 % reduction of GHG (greenhouse gas) emissions
per employee from Operations by 2023 (vs 2019)
and 100 % renewable electricity (RE) as share of
total electricity consumption in 2023

GHG emissions from Operations reduced (-62 %)
and renewable electricity share increased to 100%3

Follow through on net-zero ambition, in particular
in line with our Net-Zero Alliances commitments

GHG emissions from Proprietary Investments
reduced ahead of target (exceeding 40 %);
Additionally, Allianz Net Zero Transition Plan
published, including 2030 targets for Proprietary
investments, Property-Casualty and Operations

Customer Loyalty

Digital Net Promoter Score (dNPS) development
against previous year and overall ambition level

Employee
Engagement
Employability &
Lifelong Learning

Decarbonization

For further insights, please refer to section
Environmental matters
Follow through on the transition plan to reach the
net-zero commitments from our business and
operations

For further insights, please refer to section
Environmental matters

Achieved 59 % Loyalty Leaders across all business
segments4

Digital Net Promoter Score (dNPS) development
against previous year and overall ambition level

For further insights, please refer to section
Responsible consumer/sales

Inclusive Meritocracy Index (IMIX) and Work Well
Index+ (WWI +) development against previous year
and overall ambition level

IMIX: 81 % (2022: 79 %)
WWI +: 76 % (2022: 71 %)

Inclusive Meritocracy Index (IMIX) and Work Well
Index+ (WWI +) development against previous year
and overall ambition level

For further insights, please refer to section Employee
matters

n.a.

n.a.

Ensure Lifelong Learning

For further insights, please refer to section Employee
matters

Leadership Contribution with particular focus on
Allianz People Attributes (Customer & Market
Excellence, Collaborative Leadership,
Entrepreneurship and Trust)

All board members fully meet leadership standards
and requirements based on the evaluation of
extensive 360 degree feedback (incl. peers,
reporting lines and other personnel)

Leadership Contribution with particular focus on
Allianz People Attributes (Customer & Market
Excellence, Collaborative Leadership,
Entrepreneurship and Trust)

For further insights, please refer to section Employee
matters

1_Top 5 of assessed companies, which are DJSI eligible at industry level; 3rd highest score among the insurance industry with 82/100 – score date 31 December 2023.
2_The use by Allianz of any MSCI ESG research LLC or its affiliates (‘MSCI’) data, and the use of MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, does not constitute a sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of Allianz by MSCI. MSCI services and data are the property of
MSCI or its information providers, and are provided as-is and without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.
3_For more details about the sources of the renewable electricity, please refer to section Energy consumption & mix.
4_Loyalty Leadership is a category within dNPS describing the performance of Allianz versus the rest of market at a local level. Loyalty Leadership is the best of four categories in the rating systematic (Below Market/At Market/Above Market/Loyalty Leader).

56

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

In 2023, the variable component of the board members´ remuneration
(individual contribution factor) considered a range of sustainabilityrelated targets, as shown in the table above.
For further information on the targets and achievements, please
refer to the respective sections. These KPIs are also used for steering
local entities. For further information on the remuneration system,
please refer to the Remuneration Report. In addition to these
sustainability-related targets, we also describe objectives and actions
which help further strengthen our sustainability approach to the
matters described in this chapter.
Target and achievements: sustainability ratings
Rating

Board targets 2023

Achievements 2023

DJSI/ S&P
Global CSA

Top 5

3rd1

(2022: 3rd)

MSCI2

AA - AAA

AA

(2022: AA)

1_Top 5 of assessed companies, which are DJSI eligible at industry level; 3rd highest score among
the insurance industry with 82/100 – score date 31 December 2023.
2_The use by Allianz of any MSCI ESG research LLC or its affiliates (‘MSCI’) data, and the use of
MSCI logos, trademarks, service marks or index names herein, does not constitute a
sponsorship, endorsement, recommendation, or promotion of Allianz by MSCI. MSCI services
and data are the property of MSCI or its information providers, and are provided as-is and
without warranty. MSCI names and logos are trademarks or service marks of MSCI.

Having an in-depth understanding and being able to appropriately
respond to the changing context in which we operate is fundamental
to us, both to have a positive impact and to manage any potentially
adverse impacts. To this end and to stay abreast of the trends that are
most relevant to our stakeholders and our business, as well as to align
our sustainability strategy, implementation measures, and reporting,
we assess the materiality of sustainability matters on a regular basis.
In 2023, we carried out a robust and comprehensive double
materiality assessment process (in accordance with the CSRD) and
accompanying European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) 1,
accounting for the evolving methodology to cover financial materiality
(risks and opportunities from a business perspective) and impact
materiality (impacts on people and planet). This has allowed us to
deepen our understanding of matters previously identified as being
material to our key stakeholders. It also enabled us to extend our
assessment to those sustainability matters that have not been focus

1_It should be noted that the national transposition of the CSRD is still outstanding. The materiality
assessment conducted for the financial year 2023 and described in this section and the Outlook section
is based on the guidance from the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group (EFRAG) available as

57

areas so far, but are now moving more into focus, as data,
methodologies, and overall research and regulatory guidance evolve.
The process, methodology, and outcome of the double materiality
assessment were thoroughly reviewed and endorsed by our Group
Sustainability Board and the Board of Management. In addition,
Board of Management approval has been granted via the Allianz
Group Annual Report sign-off process.
The CSRD double materiality assessment (CSRD DMA) will form the
basis of our future reporting and will be reviewed annually. It has also
been used to test our 2021 materiality assessment, which was based
on the GRI Standards. This GRI materiality assessment, which identified
19 material issues, is still applicable. Topics were ranked and presented
in a materiality matrix based on key stakeholder views on their
importance to society and our business. The highest-ranked topics
under the GRI materiality assessment were:
−
−
−

Climate change,
Ethics and responsible business,
Cybersecurity.

For further details on the GRI materiality assessment, please refer to
the ”06.6” section in the Group Sustainability Report 2023 on the
Allianz company website.
The CSRD DMA confirms the relevance of the previously identified
topics. In addition, it forms the basis for introducing further topics to
our sustainability reporting going forward, primarily from more
broadly looking into impacts in the value chain. Regarding
sustainability-related risks, the CSRD DMA does not identify additional
principal risks with expected significant adverse impacts on Allianz (as
according to the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch –
HGB). For further information on (potential) sustainability-related risks,
please refer to the section “Outlook“.
While taxation is not covered under CSRD, it remains a relevant
topic for Allianz in 2023 under the NFRD and is reported based on GRI
207-Tax. The respective information can be found in the section “04.5”
in our Group Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz company
website as well as in our Group Tax Strategy published separately on
the Allianz company website.

Partnerships also remain a relevant topic; going forward,
respective details will be covered under the CSRD topic to which a
partnership relates.
The topics “Climate change” (ESRS E1) and “Own workforce”
(ESRS S1) are strategic sustainability focus areas at the Allianz Group,
supported by the GRI materiality assessment and confirmed by the
CSRD DMA. As such, we chose to already converge towards the CSRD
with our financial year 2023 reporting for these two topics, in terms of
anticipating its structural and many of its content requirements. For all
material matters, disclosures in accordance with the topical ESRS and
the cross-cutting ESRS will be fully covered as per the CSRD as of
financial year 2024 reporting. As at financial year-end 2023, the
stakeholder engagement process was still ongoing, so that reporting
on this process and reflection of the results will be introduced next year.
For a description of the CSRD DMA process and outcome for the
financial year 2023, please refer to the section “Outlook“.

Our purpose drives our sustainability priorities. This means supporting
the transformation of economies that do not breach environmental
barriers. It also means aspiring to achieve a social minimum for
everyone. Building on our business strategy, we have set sustainability
priorities that reflect our values and the areas where we think we can
make an impact across Environment, Social, and Governance (E, S,
and G).
We prioritize three UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to
guide the integration of sustainability across Allianz and help us to
contribute to societal, environmental, and economic change. In
addition to SDG 13, Climate action, we have chosen SDG 8, Decent
work and economic growth, to guide our work. We believe that
delivering the sustainability agenda is only possible if stakeholders
work together. This is why we also prioritize SDG 17, Partnership for the
goals.
Environment: our priority is Climate action/SDG 13. Our
businesses spanning insurance, investment, and asset management
are focused on understanding and shaping the climate
transformation.

at December 2023. In the event of changes to the CSRD upon becoming national law, those changes will
be reflected in next year’s reporting.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Social: our priority is Decent work and economic growth/SDG 8,
including education upskilling and employability. We want to be a
partner to our stakeholders, among them customers, governments,
regulators, and societies. Our goal is to support the next generations
and persons with disabilities so that they can access high-quality
employment. Investing in learning and development for our diverse
workforce is key to making all of this happen in a changing world of
work.
Governance: our priority is to create trust through strong
leadership. We aspire to be a trusted partner for protecting and
growing our stakeholders’ most valuable assets. Against that
background, strong leadership is a key contributor to a company’s
culture and governance.
In everything we do across our priorities of E, S, and G, we strive to
embed the sustainability principles and activities that are outlined in
our Group Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz company website.

We ground our strategy in proactive risk management to detect and
address risks across the businesses. Group Risk is responsible for this
process. We have not identified any remaining principal risks resulting
from our operations, business activities, and business relations that
could have severe adverse effects on material non-financial matters.
Any potential risks and impacts identified throughout our risk
assessment have been addressed by the respective concepts we have
in place, which we describe in this report.
As a global insurer, investor and asset manager, understanding
sustainability issues allows us to reduce risks and capture opportunities
in underwriting, claims, proprietary investment management, and
asset management. For further information on climate-related risks,
please refer to the Risk and Opportunity Report. Our concepts for all
other matters for which reporting is required will be addressed in
subsequent sections. The ESG approach provides part of the
foundation for these concepts and is managed by Global
Sustainability.
We continue to expand and strengthen our sustainability risk
management framework. Understanding the requirements and
limitations of our operating entities helps us to develop global
sustainability processes that can be integrated into local processes
and systems.

58

Our commitment to tackling sustainability topics applies to our own
operations and our insurance, investment, and asset management
activities.
As a global insurer, investor and asset manager, understanding
and addressing sustainability issues helps us to reduce risks and
capitalize on impacts and opportunities in all areas of our business.
As well as managing risks, sustainability integration directs us to
create products and services that add value to society. We collaborate
with clients and investee companies to deliver real-world benefits, and
channel capital flows towards sustainable outcomes for all
stakeholders.

Sustainability opportunities and risks
As an insurance company that manages risks ranging from single
events to decades, it is important for Allianz to make a holistic
assessment of risk.
In the Allianz Group Risk Policy, we define sustainability risks as
events or conditions that could have significant negative impacts on
the assets, liabilities, profitability, or reputation of the Allianz Group or
one of its companies. Examples include environmental and climate
change risks, human rights violations, risks to local communities, and
workforce risks.
If sustainability risks are not identified and managed effectively,
they can have significant repercussions for Allianz and our customers,
suppliers, investee companies and other stakeholders These
repercussions include impacts on our reputation, supply chains,
business continuity, quality, operations, and finances.
By screening insurance, investment, and asset management
projects from a sustainability perspective, we extend our
understanding of risks and can exploit potential business
opportunities to benefit shareholders, customers, and other
stakeholders.

Our group-wide rules and processes
Our group-wide corporate rules and sustainability processes apply to
all relevant underwriting, proprietary investment, and operations
activities. They require strong collaboration between relevant
functions and business areas.

Key processes are included in the internal Allianz Standard for
Reputational Risk Management (AS RRIM) and other corporate rules
such as the Allianz Standard for P&C Underwriting and Allianz ESG
Functional Rule for Investments. A new corporate rule, the Allianz
Standard for Integration of Sustainability (ASIS), captures and updates
some of the sustainability components of the AS RRIM in effect from
1 January 2024.
The publicly available Allianz Sustainability Integration
Framework provides transparency around our sustainability-related
processes and guidelines. We published the fifth version of the
Framework in 2023 on the Allianz company website.
Our asset management units have developed processes, rules,
and governance for integrating sustainability into their investment
activities.
Consistent application of sustainability processes in our own
business operations, insurance, and proprietary investment activities is
crucial to mitigate risks and exploit the opportunities from the
transition to a sustainable economy and society. It is also essential to
our transformation into a sustainable financial service provider.

Regulation as a driver of sustainability integration
We welcome sustainability regulation as a major driver for fair
competition and a level playing field. We believe that sound
regulation can improve the structure and clarity of sustainability
information.
In 2023, we also actively engaged in and supported regulatory
developments. For example, we are a member of the European
Commission’s Platform on Sustainable Finance and have contributed
to the work of the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group
(EFRAG) on EU sustainability reporting standards. Until April 2022, we
did this via in-kind membership of the Project Task Force on European
Sustainability Reporting Standards (PTF-ESRS). Since May 2022, when
the new EFRAG governance was set up, our contribution has been via
an in-kind membership representing the EU insurance industry in the
Sustainability Reporting Technical Expert Group (SR TEG).
In this context, Allianz aims to contribute expert input with respect
to the insurance industry, such as on the dual role of insurers as
preparers and users of sustainability information, as well as on existing
interconnected regulation.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

We aim to leverage regulation on sustainability by ensuring
consistent implementation across all Allianz businesses. At the same
time, we aim to build business opportunities in line with regulatory
concepts.
Allianz has established a Sustainable Finance Regulation
implementation project at Group level to drive this. Internal guidance
is designed in close interaction with Group Centers and Operating
Entities, to ensure consistent interpretation and implementation. The
focus in 2023 was on the implementation of Sustainable Finance
Disclosure Regulation (SFDR), namely regarding pre-contractual and
periodic product disclosure as well as website disclosure in
consideration of “Principal Adverse Impact” for the Life-Asset product
offering.
In 2023, Allianz started convergence into future CSRD reporting
with a respective implementation project. The project is managed by
the Group Accounting and Reporting function and defines policies,
processes and reporting content in line with future ESRS requirements.
The Group Sustainability Board oversees progress and deliverables of
the project and provides directional guidance. The CSRD project is
underpinned by the ambition to implement ESRS requirements with
the same quality and diligence as for financial reporting processes.

Environmental matters
Human-made climate change, one of the greatest global challenges
of our time, has already caused far-reaching negative consequences
and losses for nature and people. Various human and natural systems
are being stressed beyond the limits of their adaptive capacity.
Therefore, irreversible damage has already started to occur.
In order to mitigate these developments, the 2015 Paris
Agreement set the goal of limiting global warming to a maximum of
1.5 °C by the end of the century. This has resulted in a fixed greenhouse
gas emissions (GHG) budget; i.e., an upper limit for global emissions
that may still be released. Based on modeled emission pathways from
the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) 6th
Assessment Report, emissions need to be almost halved every decade
to restrict warming to 1.5 °C with limited or no overshoot, with a 50 %
probability of success. This would allow carbon (CO2) emissions to
reach net-zero by 2050, meaning that residual emissions would be
balanced by atmospheric carbon removal. Climate scientists estimate

59

that halting GHG emissions on a net level would subsequently put a
stop to further warming.
In 2022, however, annual energy-related carbon emissions
reached a record level of 37 billion tons according to the International
Energy Agency. If current trends continue, the GHG budget will be
exceeded way before 2030 and the target of 1.5 °C will be overshot
significantly. This increases the need for an even more rapid transition
later on, as well as the use of atmospheric carbon removal – i.e.,
negative emission solutions – to bring warming back to 1.5 °C by the
end of this century. Recent research has shown this is still possible but
requires urgent action by companies and policymakers alike.

Since the net-zero transition is a systemic issue, it requires a wholeof-society response. Therefore, we are also seeking to join forces with
other stakeholders. Our approach on the investment side builds on the
work of the U.N.-convened Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance, which
Allianz co-founded and currently chairs. Furthermore, we encourage
companies to implement net-zero strategies via our participation in
The B Team, Climate Action 100+, the Transition Pathway Initiative,
and the Principles for Responsible Investment.
For further information and a full list of sustainability related
memberships, please refer to the section “06.3” in our Group
Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz company website.

Climate-related opportunities
Our approach to climate change is grounded in the Allianz Group
Climate Change Strategy. First published in 2005, it steers our response
to climate-related impacts, risks, and opportunities in our insurance
and investment business. Since 2015, the Climate Change Strategy has
been built around our efforts to anticipate climate risks, care for our
customers, and enable the net-zero transition.
Since 2018, our Climate Change Strategy has committed us to
contribute to pursuing efforts that limit global warming to 1.5 °C by the
end of the century. To anticipate and enable this transition, Allianz has
committed to net-zero greenhouse gases (GHG) for our proprietary
investments, Property-Casualty insurance, and our own operations. In
September 2023, we published our Inaugural Net-Zero Transition Plan
on the Allianz company website, which describes our intermediary
targets for 2030 and key actions to achieve them. This approach builds
on the previously released 2025 emissions targets for proprietary
investments and own operations.
Our priorities include quantitative emission targets, strategic
growth of financing and insuring of low-carbon technologies that
support net-zero, targeted restrictions for fossil fuel-based business
models to manage transition risks, and a systemic approach to
investee engagement and policy advocacy, supported by climate
action in our own operations.
These elements, which address the impacts, risks, and
opportunities of climate change, are explained in more detail in the
subsequent sections on insurance, investments, own operations, and
risks. Our ambition is to be a trusted partner for our customers and
investee companies across different sectors in their transition toward
net-zero.

Our materiality analysis under CSRD found climate-related
opportunities to be material for the Property-Casualty insurance and
proprietary investments. Our business strategy and our net-zero
transition plan aim to systematically leverage opportunities to finance
and insure a low-carbon and climate-resilient future, e.g., by investing
in renewable energy, energy efficiency in real estate, and electric
vehicle infrastructure.
We have strategically insured and invested in low-carbon assets
for over a decade. With our 2023 Inaugural Net-Zero Transition Plan,
we have also set quantitative targets for investing and insuring
solutions that are needed in the net-zero transition. Our Sustainable
Solutions program provides products and services that aim to create
positive impacts with our (re-)insurance activities and investments.
Growing sustainable solutions is among the topics included in the
annual financial planning processes of our operating entities, in order
to systematically identify growth and profitability potential. For further
information on sustainable solutions, please refer to the section EU
Taxonomy for non-life insurance.
We believe our intermediate climate targets will help us realize
growth potential. For commercial insurance in particular, our transition
plan includes a target to achieve 150 % profitable growth in revenues
from renewable energy and low-carbon technology solutions by 2030.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Climate policy dialogue

1.5 °C alignment of targets

We can achieve our targets only jointly with public policy and the real
economy, as the necessary changes require broad support. For
instance, sufficient frameworks and market incentives are required to
bring down demand for emission-intensive products and to allocate
capital in line with a 1.5 °C trajectory. The private sector, including
insurers, can play an important role in raising awareness and making
the business case for getting on track to limit global warming. To that
end, we also work with policymakers and regulators to support
sustainable financing and achieve the goals laid down in the Paris
Agreement. We are advocating for global effective climate policy
which should achieve the following:

Our emission targets are aligned with credible, science-backed climate
scenarios – such as those provided by the IPCC 1 – that limit global
warming in 2100 to 1.5 °C with only a limited or no overshoot of this
temperature during this century. While the individual scenarios differ
in their assumptions and narratives, they agree on a necessary
emission reduction range for CO2 emissions of 36 % to 69 % from 2020
to 2030, with a median reduction of 48 %. 2 All our existing sub-portfolio
targets with a global focus are in line with this. For our motor retail
portfolio, the targeted reductions, which apply to nine European
markets, are aligned with respective net-zero pathways. 3
Our target year 2030 is defined as year-end 2029. Our base years
for the 2030 targets in proprietary investments and operations
continue to be the base year 2019 (building on existing 2025 targets).
This also allows us to filter out the temporary effects of the COVID-19
pandemic. The approach taken for our P&C insurance targets was to
focus on the most recent year for which data was available, this being
2022.

−

−

−

−

−

−

Embedding “net-zero by 2050” in short and long-term
governmental climate targets, climate strategies, and emissions
reduction plans, following the latest climate science in line with
pathways of no or low overshoot of a 1.5 °C temperature rise.
Developing sector policies to promote a swift and socially fair
transition, including the development of more granular short-,
medium- and long-term net-zero infrastructure plans.
Implementing stringent carbon pricing to internalize the external
costs of pollution, including a phase-out of direct and indirect fossil
fuel subsidies.
Protecting nature and supporting regenerative forestry and
agriculture. Supporting and redirecting fossil fuel-related subsidies
to scale up new technologies that will provide solutions in hard-toabate sectors, e.g., carbon capture and storage, and green
hydrogen.
Promoting mandatory assured climate disclosure, including
transition plans, GHG emissions, associated reduction targets, and
alignment with 1.5 °C trajectories, ideally aligned internationally.
Ensuring sustainable finance regulation that provides a defined,
science-based, and reliable framework via a common taxonomy
of sustainability, clarification of asset managers’ duties, inclusion
of sustainability in prudential regulation, and enhanced
transparency of corporate reporting.

1_6th Assessment Report. Further scenarios used include the IEA’s Net-Zero by 2050 and the One Earth
Climate Model.

60

Decarbonization levers
For our portfolio targets, there are generally two levers for
decarbonization, that is reducing GHG emissions: either our portfolio
companies – i.e., the customers we insure or the companies we invest
in – reduce their GHG emissions, or we change the composition of our
portfolio over time.
The former relies directly on GHG emission reductions in the real
economy, which is not under our control. The latter can also occur
naturally as part of typical insurance and investment business cycles in
different lines of business, sectors, and individual customers, and is
generally more under our control.
We aim to achieve GHG emission reductions through actions such
as engaging customers, increasing exposures to lower-carbon
business, and setting targets for lower-carbon technologies, as well as
reducing our exposure to defined fossil-fuel business such as thermal
coal. For our own operational GHG emissions, the main levers for
reduction are Electricity, Buildings as well as Fleet, Business Travel, and
Procurement. These elements are described in more detail in the
following sections.
We apply both absolute and intensity GHG emission targets.
Absolute GHG emissions refer to an absolute amount of GHG
emissions associated with the respective business activity such as

investing or insuring; absolute GHG emission targets seek to reduce the
absolute amount of GHG emissions. GHG emission intensity and
associated targets, on the other hand, harmonize the GHG emissions
through a denominator that relates to a business activity. For example,
GHG emissions per million invested or per million of premium.

Property-Casualty insurance
The GHG emissions associated with our commercial portfolio will be
reduced as we continue the planned implementation of our
underwriting guidelines for coal as well as for oil and gas in line with
announced thresholds and timelines. Our portfolio will also change as
we continue to expand our risk appetite in the segment of renewable
energy, low-carbon, and transition technologies. We will also benefit
from GHG emission reductions in the real economy that our corporate
customers pursue as part of their own net-zero strategies as required
by governments, investors, and other stakeholders, and in addition,
enabled by us as an insurer. A supportive policy environment is crucial
here and is an important lever both for the net-zero transition in the
global economy and for our target achievement.
The GHG emissions associated with our motor retail portfolio are
planned to be reduced through various initiatives; firstly, by increasing
our share of battery electric vehicles for our markets in scope. It is also
clear from market research that customers want to drive less, so we will
encourage sustainable behaviors by providing offerings that reward
these lifestyle changes. Another key lever will therefore be providing
further incentives for reducing GHG emissions via mileage-based
product offerings. When considering potential initiatives we took into
account future projections in each of the countries for which we have
set targets, including energy usage, vehicle usage and vehicle types.
Our incentives will therefore balance the improvements we expect to
see in the respective markets with Allianz actions aimed at closing the
gap to our stated targets. We will therefore actively steer our in-scope
portfolios to be more sustainable whilst benefiting from changes we
predict to observe in market behavior.
We will also engage with customers to support their transition to
electric mobility and meet their changing needs. We are committed to
offering comprehensive insurance products for battery electric
vehicles and the related ecosystem, and to supporting our customers
in transitioning to new forms of mobility.

2_For GHG emissions, the range is 34 to 60, with a median of 43.
3_Target applies to the most relevant markets for Allianz, where adequate and reliable data is available.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Proprietary investment
Our investment management function allows us to influence our
portfolio allocation by setting targets and frameworks for our asset
managers. These include defining concrete decarbonization targets
for individual mandates, excluding certain high-emitting companies
without reduction plans, and increasing target volumes for investments
in climate solutions.
In order to achieve GHG emission reductions in the companies in
our portfolio, we cultivate all types of engagement: bilateral,
multilateral, and asset manager engagement. As part of our
multilateral engagement activities, the transition of whole sectors is a
particular focus.

Own operations
As the specific definition of net-zero is still evolving for financial
institutions and we anticipate CSRD requirements, we are no longer
referring to the 2030 target for our Own Operations as a net-zero
commitment. We will instead refer to it as a 2030 intermediate target.
The rest of the decarbonization and removal targets for Own
Operations remain as communicated in the Inaugural Net-Zero
Transition Plan.
By 2025 we aim to reduce GHG emissions per employee by 50 %
versus a 2019 baseline across Scope 1, Scope 2, and selected Scope 3
emissions (for further information, please refer to the section “Own
Operations”). For year-end 2030, we target GHG emission reductions
of 70 % and for year-end 2029, 65 % 1 versus a 2019 baseline.
To address the remaining 30 % 2 of the emissions we will use highquality carbon removal solutions.
Key levers for GHG emission reduction will be the areas of
Renewable Electricity, Buildings, as well as Fleet, Business Travel, and
Procurement. In the area of Renewable Electricity, we source 100 %
renewable electricity from 2023 onwards and implement energy
efficiency measures. 3 For Buildings, we have developed a Buildings
Standards Catalogue that includes various measures addressing GHG
emission reduction. For Fleet and Business Travel, we aim to shift to a
fully electric corporate car fleet by 2030 at the latest, achieve a 40 %
reduction of GHG emissions from travel activities by 2025 compared to
a 2019 baseline, and purchase sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) in order
to address GHG emissions from air travel. For Procurement, we will ask
100 % of global framework vendors in our supply chain that provide

1_The strategy review for own operations is currently ongoing and will be updated accordingly in 2024.

61

services globally to establish a public commitment to net-zero GHG
emissions in line with the 1.5 °C path by 2025.

Carbon removal and carbon credits
In the past reporting year, we did not use carbon removal and
associated carbon credits when accounting for our GHG and the
associated reduction targets. Our net-zero targets will likely require the
use of atmospheric carbon removal in the respective net-zero targets
year. For this, we expect to only use high-quality carbon removal. Our
focus remains on GHG emission reductions.

Governance
Ultimate responsibility for all matters relating to sustainability,
including climate, resides with the Board of Management of Allianz SE
as the Group’s parent company. This includes climate change and the
net-zero transition plan, which has been approved by the Board of
Management. Climate-related matters are typically part of all Group
Sustainability Board meetings, which are held at least quarterly. For
further information, please refer to the section “Corporate
sustainability governance and strategy”.
Our Climate Change Strategy is rooted in the established
sustainability governance (for further information, please refer to the
section “Corporate sustainability governance and strategy”) and its
associated policies on sustainability, climate, and the energy sector.
For further information, please refer to the section “Overarching
Policies”.

Progress
In the following sections on insurance, investments, and operations, we
report on the details and progress of the implementation of the
transition plan.

2_Remaining 30 % means, that if we achieve 70 % reduction by year-end 2030, we will remove 30 %. If the
reduction target is overachieved, then we remove the remaining gap to 100 %.

The Allianz sustainability approach integrates climate and
sustainability-related considerations by applying group-wide
corporate rules and sustainability instruments across underwriting and
investment activities. Key processes include the internal Allianz
Standard for Reputational Risk Management (AS RRIM) and other
corporate rules, such as the Allianz Standard for P&C Underwriting
(ASU) and Allianz ESG Functional Rule for Investments (EFRI).
The AS RRIM has been in place since 2013 and establishes a core
set of principles and processes for the management of reputational
risks and sustainability issues within the Group. It is owned by Group
Risk, authorized by the Group Finance and Risk Committee and
acknowledged by the Allianz SE Board of Management. The objective
of the Standard is to proactively identify business decisions and
business activities with the potential to trigger reputational issues and,
where appropriate, take action to minimize their probability and/or
impact. This Standard is mandatory for all operating entities of the
Allianz Group. For 2024, the intention is for it to be superseded by the
Allianz Standard for Communications and the Allianz Standard for
Integration of Sustainability.
Furthermore, Allianz has four energy-related guidelines in place:
thermal coal, oil sands, oil & gas, and renewable/low-carbon energy.
The guidelines are owned by Global Sustainability and authorized by
the Allianz SE Board of Management. They apply to proprietary
investments and P&C insurance, including facultative reinsurance.
Their common goals are to contribute to the transition from fossil fuels
to cleaner energy technologies, to manage sustainability and
reputational risks, and to achieve our net-zero related targets. The
three fossil fuel guidelines define business practices and business
models where we do not provide further services or investments along
defined technical exclusion criteria. They typically differentiate
between single-site restrictions – which apply to stand-alone P&C
covers as well as direct project investments – and restrictions on
company-level exposures. Purely to support renewable and lowcarbon technologies, we allow ring-fenced coverages of and
investments into projects and subsidiaries of companies that are
otherwise restricted due to the fossil-related energy guidelines. This is
described in the Renewable/Low-Carbon Energy Guideline. The
guidelines were introduced in 2015 (thermal coal), 2021 (oil sands),
2022 (oil & gas), and 2023 (renewable/low-carbon) respectively.

3_For more details about the sources of the renewable electricity, please refer to section “Energy and
consumption mix”.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

As in previous years, we report on the exemptions granted based
on the rules outlined in the guideline to companies breaching thermal
coal thresholds. In 2023, we received two coal-related requests from
our operating entities to exempt corporate clients from companybased restrictions related to both P&C insurance and proprietary
investment segments. Of these, one was granted and one was not
granted. The granted one was a 1.5 °C exemption, which means that
the company was assessed to be on a 1.5 °C pathway despite its coal
exposure. The option to grant a grace period of one year for
companies aligned with well below 2 °C was granted four times in
2022. As of January 2023, this was no longer possible as per the
guideline’s rules. The requirement to refer business for so-called green
exemptions – i.e., permission to underwrite or invest in renewable
energy projects of companies restricted based on the coal guideline,
for example – was removed in February 2023 when the new
Renewable/Low-Carbon Energy Guideline was published. As a result,
there is no further reporting on those exemptions.
The publicly available 5th version of the Allianz Sustainability
Integration Framework (formerly the ESG Integration Framework) on
the Allianz company website, lays out these main internal policies and
processes related to our overarching sustainability risk approach.
The subsequent sections will outline specific policies applicable to
proprietary investments and insurance.

Current emissions
According to the GHG protocol, reporting on emissions associated with
insurance underwriting activities is optional. In our motor retail and
commercial insurance portfolios, we have made important progress in
measuring insurance-associated emissions and we set inaugural
emission reduction targets in 2023. For these targets, we follow the
methodology of the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials
(PCAF) Insurance-Associated Emissions Standard. 1
According to the standard, insurance-associated emissions (IAE)
for commercial lines are calculated by multiplying an attribution factor
(i.e., for commercial lines this is the insurance premium divided by
insured customer’s revenue) by the absolute GHG emissions of the

1_For further details on the methodology please refer to the explanatory notes on the Allianz company
website. An exception to the application of the PCAF standard is made for the calculation of InsuranceAssociated Emissions (IEAs) for insurance policies as defined in the Allianz Statement on renewable/ lowcarbon energy, as the standard does not yet specify accounting rules for the measurement of IEAs related
to these types of assets.

62

re/insured customer or asset. The attribution factor determines what
share of the absolute emissions of an insured customer or asset is
attributable to re/insurance.
For the portfolio in scope of the emission reduction target for
commercial insurance, the baseline insurance-associated emissions in
2022 was 1.00 mn t CO2e and the insurance-associated emission
intensity was 0.26 kt CO2e/€ mn GWP. 2 Given the lack of reliable and
comparable data on customer Scope 3 emissions, our commercial
baseline currently only covers our customers’ Scope 1 and Scope 2
emissions.
For motor retail, the calculation considers the Scope 1 and 2
emissions of insured vehicles within a portfolio and multiplies them by
an attribution factor. The attribution factor represents the insurance
industry's share of the total cost of ownership of a vehicle, which
includes other costs such as depreciation, fuel, and maintenance. The
carbon emissions of the insured vehicles are multiplied by the industry
attribution factor (calculated by PCAF as 6.99 % for 2023) to calculate
the insurance-associated emissions.
For the motor retail portfolios covered by the emission reduction
target, the baseline for absolute insurance-associated emissions in
2022 was 2.10 mn t CO2 3 (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) in line with
the PCAF standard.

Overall GHG emission reduction target
For commercial insurance, we are setting an intensity target for the
sub-portfolio of large companies in all sectors, which is managed by
Allianz Global Corporate and Specialty. We are focusing on those
companies for which GHG emission data is available. For the 2022
baseline, this cohort represented 13 % of the premiums in the
commercial segment for which emission accounting methodologies
are currently available. 4 Our target is to reduce the emission intensity
of this sub-portfolio by 45 % by 2030 against our 2022 baseline (see
table “2030 Targets for insurance-associated emissions”).
Our target of a 45 % emission intensity reduction for this subportfolio refers to emission intensity as the main KPI and not to the
absolute insurance-associated emissions (in tonnes of CO2e). Emission
intensity shows the volume of customer-generated emissions
associated with every € 1 million of premium we write (tonnes

2_With an average data quality score of 2.41. For more details on the calculation of the data quality score
following the PCAF standard, please refer to the explanatory notes on the Allianz company website.
3_With an average data quality score of 2.61. For more details on the calculation of the data quality score
following the PCAF standard, please refer to the explanatory notes on the Allianz company website .
4_In line with Lines of Business currently covered by the PCAF Standard. Scope coverage is unchanged
compared to the Inaugural Net-Zero Transition Plan. Share of premiums related to GHG reduction target

CO2e/million EUR). While defining an intensity target allows us to
reflect the expected growth of our portfolio by 2030 in a dynamic way,
our targeted reduction is still within the scenario range of necessary
absolute reduction to limit global warming to 1.5 °C. For further
information, please refer to section “Transition Plan & Strategy”. In
addition to factoring in expected portfolio growth, our target definition
was also informed by the anticipated real economy decarbonization,
which we modeled using authoritative scenarios such as the Stated
Policies Scenario (STEPS) of the International Energy Agency.
Our first intermediary target for commercial lines targets the subportfolio with the largest climate impact and adequate GHG data
quality. This will allow us to steer our portfolio and measure our
progress based on reasonable and verifiable GHG emission data,
rather than overly relying on sector estimates.
For retail insurance, we are setting a target to reduce the absolute
carbon emissions within our motor retail portfolio. For the motor retail
portfolio, the target covers nine key European markets, namely:
Austria, Belgium, France, Italy, Germany, the Netherlands, Spain,
Switzerland, and the UK. Our target is to reduce the absolute carbon
emissions within our in-scope portfolios by 30 % by 2030 against our
2022 baseline. Portfolios classified as in scope are aligned with the
PCAF standard for personal motor.
For the 2022 baseline, the in-scope portfolios within these markets
represent 55 % of the motor retail premiums. The target focuses on the
most relevant motor markets for Allianz where the biggest impact can
be made. This includes where there is adequate and reliable data
available, in order for emissions to be measured and progress against
our target to be accurately tracked.
In addition, our target setting is aligned with limiting global
warming to 1.5 °C and was informed by the anticipated real economy
decarbonization, which we modeled using scenarios from external
data partners.

follows IFRS definition of gross written premiums and deviates from PCAF, which excludes external
acquisition costs; following PCAF definition of insurance premiums, scope coverage represents roughly
16 % of the eligible premiums in the commercial segment. More details can be found in the explanatory
notes.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

2030 Targets for insurance-associated emissions

Unit of
targets

Target
2030

Baseline
2022

Delta target
2030 vs
Baseline
2022 (%)

Commercial

kt CO2e/€
mn GWP

0.14

0.26

(45.0)

Retail motor

mn t CO21

1.47

2.10

(30.0)

1_Motor retail target is CO2 emissions only, not CO2e, to be consistent with the data which is
currently available.

Decarbonization levers
Insured customers decarbonization
In the commercial insurance business, our aim is to drive
decarbonization across all industry sectors and partner with our
customers on their net-zero journeys by leveraging collaboration,
sustainability expertise, and best practice, as well as our influence as a
major global insurance company.
To this end, we will proactively approach customers to foster
dialogue and encourage a shift toward science-based net-zero
strategies. Firstly, each year we will engage with the top 100 customers,
selected by premium size and average industry sector emission
intensity, who do not currently have an emissions reporting or a
disclosure approach and are therefore currently not in scope for our
emission reduction target. By taking this step, we are endeavoring to
raise awareness for increased transparency and data exchange and
ultimately aiming to close the GHG reporting gap in our portfolio.
Secondly, we will engage with customers within the transportation
industry – specifically aviation and marine – by leveraging bestpractice exchanges on decarbonization strategies for these sectors.
Thirdly, we will seek dedicated exchanges with two to three companies
per year on their net-zero strategies. For this engagement category, we
will screen our portfolio to identify high-emitting companies who have
not yet developed science-based net-zero strategies. Sustainability
teams within AGCS will support in the selection of engagement
candidates and prepare the engagement dialogues, which will be
conducted jointly with the distribution and underwriting teams.
For motor retail insurance, we will also actively engage with our
customers to encourage the transition to net-zero. We aim to engage
with 20 million current and potential customers by 2030 to support

1_Transition solutions include the technologies mentioned in the Allianz Renewable/Low-Carbon Energy
Statement, as well as waste to energy, carbon capture and storage (CCS)/direct air capture, battery
storage and grid-stability-related investments, smart grids and electrification, electric transportation, EV

63

their transition to electric mobility, mainly through Allianz-developed
online platforms, newsletters and advertising. The 20 million target
reflects the current and estimated future number of customers in the
markets defined as in scope, who do not own a battery electric vehicle
(BEV). Engagement will include focusing on the benefits of switching
to electric mobility and the practicalities of doing so, for example home
charging infrastructure and insurance options.
To increase our share of sustainably-minded customers, we will
offer mileage-based products to reward customers who are actively
seeking to reduce their emissions. Our aim in offering such solutions is
to encourage change across the insurance sector in how we, as an
industry, approach motor insurance.
By offering mileage-based products, we will ensure fair and riskadequate pricing for our customers that aligns with our technical
excellence program. Increasing our market share of BEVs will enable
us to collect more data and thus improve the accuracy of our risk
models. We are committed to understanding the risks, gathering data,
and being actively involved in research in order to ensure our net-zero
plan invests in society to the benefit of all.
To support the implementation of our actions, a dedicated team
within Global P&C at Allianz SE will support engagement activities,
which will be achieved in collaboration with OEs.

Portfolio steering
Furthermore, for commercial portfolios, we are committing to actively
supporting the net-zero transition by fostering profitable growth and
scaling up of renewable energy, low-carbon and other transition
technologies that are a key element of the net-zero transformation.
Concretely, we aim to profitably grow revenues in Property Damage
(PD) and Business Interruption (BI) coverages related to these
transition solutions 1 by 150 % by 2030 compared to 2022.
In addition, we are applying the energy-related guidelines as laid
out in the section “Overarching Policies”. The focus on these highemitting sectors is an important lever and contributor to the targeted
reduction of emissions intensity at portfolio level.
Restricted companies are listed in the Global ESG Risk List, which
is available to all underwriters globally. Training on the application of
the policies is offered regularly to support underwriting teams with
their implementation.

and battery manufacturing plants, electric mass transit infrastructure construction (rail), certified green
buildings, industry projects related to energy transition (ammonia and bio-based/synthetic fuels), and
green shipping. We have started working on harmonizing terminology and underlying eligible

To ensure we deliver on our targets, we have clearly defined roles
and responsibilities to allow for ownership of the topics and monitoring
of progression toward completion. Although targets are stated as
2030, there are clear internal interim timelines and reporting processes
that will allow for regular monitoring of progress.
Additionally, to support the implementation of our
decarbonization strategy for commercial lines, we have set up two
dedicated sustainability teams in the AGCS Chief Technical Office
(CTO). The Sustainability Governance team oversees the
implementation of portfolio strategy, target setting, monitoring, and
reporting. The Sustainability Solutions team focuses on business
growth and expansion in line with our ”insuring the transition” actions.
Both teams work closely together and support our distribution and
underwriting teams. In addition, our Allianz Risk Consulting teams
continue to provide expertise on emerging technology requirements
and challenges.
To further support the transition to net-zero within our motor retail
portfolio, we aim by 2030 to insure a larger percentage of BEVs in the
Allianz portfolios compared to the share of BEVs in the respective inscope markets.
To enable this portfolio change, we are committed to offering
comprehensive insurance products for BEVs and the related
ecosystem, in order to support our customers in transitioning to this
new technology. Our ambition is to be a market leader for BEVs and
we have implemented a mobility strategy in order to support this
transition. This strategy is an ongoing project with key deliverables and
drives our ambition to be a market leader through strategy
development, global exchanges, monitoring, and reporting.
A workstream within the technical area oversees the
implementation of our mobility strategy. This workstream has a focus
on technical leadership in electric vehicles, supporting our markets in
the development and implementation of action plans to meet our
targets, as well as ensuring the regular delivery and monitoring of key
performance indicators. It also utilizes Allianz’s global presence
through regular exchanges with OEs as part of internal Mobility Smart
Circle meetings and optimizing the pooling of mobility data across
countries, leveraging the Group’s expertise.

technologies related to the targets for climate solutions (currently used for proprietary investments) and
transition solutions (currently used for P&C insurance). We expect to conclude this work and report on it
in 2024 fiscal year.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Additionally, to support the implementation of the overall
decarbonization strategy for motor retail, a dedicated team within
Global P&C at Allianz SE oversees target and strategy development,
portfolio steering, reporting and monitoring, data maintenance, and
quality assurance.

Insurance-specific policies
All relevant aspects of our insurance portfolios are governed by the
Allianz Standard for P&C Underwriting (ASU). Ownership and
execution of the Standard sits with Global P&C and is governed by the
Group Underwriting Committee (GUC). However, ultimate
responsibility resides with the Allianz SE Board of Management. The
ASU governs the rules and principles for P&C Underwriting within the
Allianz Group and is an integral part of the overall Group risk
architecture. Its rules and principles focus on underwriting sustainable
and profitable business. The ASU includes our principles for
sustainability and codifies roles and responsibilities within operating
entities related to the decarbonization of underwriting portfolios.
The objectives of the Sustainable Insurance section of the ASU
include: developing sustainable business opportunities, building
resilience and anticipating future developments and adapting to
them, safeguarding against reputational risks, and taking adequate
corporate responsibility for our planet.
The ASU is published in the Allianz Corporate Rules Book and is
available to all relevant internal stakeholders.

Current emissions
For our proprietary investment portfolio, we are calculating financed
GHG emissions according to PCAF guidance and expanding the
methodology to asset classes not yet covered by PCAF. Although we
aspire to calculate financed GHG emissions for as much of our
portfolio as possible, we are constrained by the development of
methodologies and availability of data. Nevertheless, we remain
committed to progressively expanding the coverage of our portfolio
over time.

64

We do not calculate financed GHG emissions for covered bonds,
ABS/MBS and cash as there is no methodology available yet for these
asset classes. To see these asset classes, please see lines “no
methodology” in table “Financed emissions”.
We calculate three types of financed GHG emissions defined by
the underlying investment: 1) Corporates, which includes all investees
with a balance sheet, i.e., – in PCAF terminology – listed equity and
corporate bonds, business loans and unlisted equity, as well as project
finance; 2) Real Estate, which includes commercial real estate loans
and real estate equity investments; and 3) Public Debt, which includes
sovereign debt, sub-sovereign debt, and supranational debt. As there
is no specific PCAF guidance on carbon accounting for sub-sovereigns
and supranationals, we have adapted the methodology for sovereign
debt to these two asset classes. We do not cover 100 % of our exposure
in these three types of financed GHG emissions (i.e., Corporates, Real
Estate and Public Debt) due to the lack of relevant emission data
information. To see this data coverage gap, please see column
“coverage” in table “Financed emissions”.
For a detailed description of our carbon accounting
methodology, please refer to our explanatory notes on the Allianz
company website.
In 2023, our total financed GHG emissions were 57.3 mn t CO2e
compared to 46.4 mn t CO2e in 2022 (see table “Financed emissions”).
The increase was driven in particular by adding new asset classes like
sub-sovereigns, supranationals, and infrastructure debt.
Our total coverage of financed GHG emissions increased from
59.6 % to 62.1 %.
The table below shows the book value, financed GHG emissions,
and coverage (i.e., percentage of book value for which financed GHG
emissions are calculated) per carbon footprint methodology and is
split into IFRS 9 asset classes.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Financed emissions
2023

2022

Book value
(€ bn)

Absolute financed
emissions
(mn t CO2e)

Corporates

294.2

20.1

64.7

90.6

194.3

16.6

75.1

-

Public debt

166.6

36.7

204.1

99.5

130.8

29.5

192.6

99.7

Real estate

110.6

0.4

9.7

22.9

35.0

0.3

10.5

74.3

No methodology yet1

165.4

-

-

-

343.3

-

-

-

736.8

57.3

77.6

62.1

703.3

46.4

115.8

59.6

Corporates

237.6

18.1

70.5

94.5

161.9

14.5

77.3

-

Public debt

159.3

35.8

204.9

99.5

122.3

28.1

194.9

-

Real estate

68.6

0.0

6.2

1.0

0.0

0.0

49.3

-

No methodology yet1

69.1

-

-

-

231.5

-

-

-

Total

Debt investments measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income

Carbon intensity
(t CO2e/€ mn
invested)

Coverage
(%)

Book value
(€ bn)

Absolute financed
emissions
(mn t CO2e)

Carbon intensity
(t CO2e/€ mn
invested)

Coverage
(%)

534.7

53.9

93.5

71.8

515.6

42.6

128.4

-

Corporates

25.3

1.1

48.7

90.8

21.2

1.1

52.4

-

Real Estate

0.7

0.0

2.1

-

-

-

-

-

No methodology yet1

1.0

-

-

-

5.5

-

-

-

Equity investments designated at fair value through other
comprehensive income

26.9

1.1

46.5

85.3

26.6

1.1

52.4

-

Corporates

7.3

0.3

34.8

64.4

4.1

0.3

69.1

-

Real estate

10.7

0.3

24.9

77.1

9.1

0.2

20.5

-

No methodology yet1

3.3

-

-

-

9.3

-

-

-

21.2

0.6

26.9

60.9

22.4

0.5

35.7

-

23.9

0.1

4.2

64.9

25.9

0.1

4.9

-

23.9

0.1

4.2

64.9

25.9

0.1

4.9

-

Corporates

7.3

0.0

0.8

9.5

0.0

0.0

1.5

-

Public debt

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Real estate

0.4

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

No methodology yet1

65.9

-

-

-

66.6

-

-

-

73.6

0.0

0.1

0.9

66.6

0.0

1.5

-

Corporates

17.4

0.7

39.1

80.3

7.1

0.7

87.9

-

Public debt

6.0

0.9

175.0

99.6

8.5

1.4

153.5

-

Real estate

6.0

0.0

2.4

12.6

-

-

-

-

No methodology yet1

27.1

-

-

-

30.5

-

-

-

56.5

1.6

37.7

36.7

46.1

2.1

121.7

-

Shares in affiliates and associated enterprises
Real estate
Real estate held for investment

Investment funds measured at fair value through profit or loss

Other (book value < € 20 bn and cash)
1_This includes asset classes for which no methodology exists yet, e.g. covered bonds.

65

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Target setting for GHG emission reduction –
introduction
We deem the framework laid out by the UN-convened Net-Zero Asset
Owner Alliance (NZAOA) for target setting for GHG emission reduction
to be best practice. Thus we in general follow the recommendations of
the NZAOA for setting intermediate decarbonization targets. While
the NZAOA Target Setting Protocol (NZAOA TSP) defines targets for
engagements, sectors and financing the transition, we display these as
actions in line with ESRS E1. The NZAOA TSP was aligned with all
relevant stakeholders and vetted in a public consultation and was
developed with a strong reference to the 1.5°C no/low overshoot
climate scenarios in the latest report of the IPCC. For further
information, please see section “The scientific basis for establishing
net-zero targets” of the NZAOA TSP 1.
We have already reached our intermediate 2025
decarbonization target for corporate bonds and listed equities in 2023
as we reduced our financed GHG emissions by 44 % against the target
of a 25 % reduction. For full 2025 target reporting, please refer to the
section “03.2” in our Group Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz
company website. We have also reached our targets for engagements
and financing the transition. For further information, please refer to the
section “Decarbonization Levers”.
We have therefore decided to update our complete range of
targets in 2023 and define new targets for 2030. When setting these
targets, we considered potential future developments in large

industries, especially the E.U. and the U.S., based on the latest climate
law and regulation; i.e., “Fit for 55” and the “Inflation Reduction Act”.
We also wanted our new targets to include what we have learned from
previous years; e.g., related to data availability. The targets remain in
line with the latest science (IPCC report) and industry best practice
(NZAOA TSP) and are broader in terms of coverage and depth. For a
detailed explanation of our 2030 targets, please refer to Explaining
Allianz Intermediate Climate Target Setting 2030 for Proprietary
Investments 2 on the Allianz company website.
As of the financial year 2024, we will only report on our new 2030
targets.

Overall GHG emission reduction target
We have set an absolute GHG emission reduction target for listed
corporates (corporate bonds and public equity). Our target is to reduce
absolute GHG emissions in the respective asset classes by 50 % by 2030
compared to the 2019 baseline emissions.
We have added a 2030 emission intensity reduction target
covering all listed and unlisted corporate exposure (e.g., infrastructure
debt) in the amount of 50 % compared to the 2019 baseline emission
intensity (see table “2030 Targets for emissions associated with
proprietary investments").

further information, please refer to section “1.5 °C alignment of
targets” and the work of the NZAOA with the IPCC scenarios 3.
For unlisted corporates, we are still in the process of
gathering emission data and we do not know beforehand how many
of our portfolio companies and indirect investments via funds will
deliver data in the coming years until 2030. As data coverage is
uncertain and changing, we cannot set a reasonable absolute GHG
emission reduction target for our overall corporate portfolio. An
intensity metric does not rely on coverage as absolute GHG emissions
are divided by the respective portfolio exposure. We therefore decided
to set an emission intensity reduction target for our listed and unlisted
corporates portfolio for 2030.
We have set 2030 targets that are aligned with the Carbon Risk
Real Estate Monitor (CRREM) for our real estate equity and debt
portfolios. These sectoral decarbonization pathways are based on the
latest science, supported by the Science Based Targets initiative, and
widely accepted as best practice.
Our progress toward target achievement will be monitored
regularly and reported in the Non-Financial Statement.
The table below shows Allianz intermediate 2030
decarbonization targets as well as the respective baseline year values,
where available. We have defined GHG emission reduction targets for
corporates and real estate.

A reduction of 50 % is in line with latest IPCC scenarios and equals the
midpoint of the respective scenario range from 40 % to 60 %. For

2030 Targets for emissions associated with proprietary investments
Book value 2023
(€ bn)

% of total

Unit of targets

Target 2030

Current year 2023

Baseline year 2019

Delta Target 2030 vs
Baseline 2019 (%)

294.2

39.9

t CO2e/€ mn
invested

54.0

64.7

108.1

(50.0)

192.2

26.1

mn t CO2e

12.5

14.0

24.9

(50.0)

Real Estate (Equity and Debt)1,2,5

110.6

15.0

kg CO2/m2

ca. 25.0

33.5

-

-

No methodology3

165.4

22.4

-

-

-

-

-

No target yet4

166.6

22.6

mn t CO2e

-

36.7

-

-

Total

736.8

100.0

-

-

-

-

-

All Corporates (Listed and Unlisted)
thereof: Listed Corporates (Traded Equity / Corporate Bonds)

1_Including 50 % of real estate funds and w/o retail mortgages.
2_Including Pimco Prime Real Estate portfolio.
3_This includes asset classes for which no methodology exists yet, e.g. covered bonds and cash.
4_This includes asset classes for which we calculate owned emissions but have no targets yet, e.g. sovereign bonds.
5_Target 2030: Exact target depends on regional and sectorial portfolio composition 12/2029.

1_AOA-Target-Setting-Protocol-Third-edition.pdf

66

2_Explaining Allianz Intermediate Climate Target Setting 2030 for Proprietary Investments.

3_Target-Setting Protocol Third Edition – United Nations Environment – Finance Initiative

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Decarbonization levers
Portfolio allocation change
The scope of actions outlined below to implement portfolio allocation
changes is in line with the scope of our overall GHG emission reduction
targets; i.e., covering our global exposure in corporates and real estate.
As an investment management function, we have set targets and
frameworks for our asset managers that will ultimately lead to a
change in our portfolio allocation with respect to asset classes,
investees, and sectors.
As we have set overall GHG reduction targets on a Group-wide
level, we start by breaking down the global target to individual
mandate level. Each asset manager is then responsible for reaching
the respective mandate decarbonization target by taking appropriate
actions. For real estate, for example, these actions might include
tenant engagement, portfolio transactions, and deep refurbishments.
We hold regular deep-dive meetings where we monitor and discuss
the decarbonization performance of our asset managers against the
set targets.
As well as setting decarbonization targets per mandate, we
exclude certain companies in line with our global energy-related
guidelines for thermal coal, oil sands, oil & gas. For further information,
please refer to section “Overarching Policies”. These exclusions
therefore contribute to the implementation of our sector targets for oil
& gas and utilities that are outlined below. All excluded companies are
included in the Allianz Group Risk Global Restricted List and are shared
with all asset managers on a regular basis. Asset managers are
obliged to comply with these restrictions.
We aim to finance the transition of companies in the hard-toabate cement and steel sector that are aligned with a 1.5 °C world and
have well-defined decarbonization strategies. We will therefore create
a separate emission bucket and adjust the sub-portfolio target for
listed equity and corporate bonds to reflect additional exposure in
those transition leaders included on our new steel and cement climate
list.

Utilities (Coverage Transition Pathway Initiative (TPI)):

We have therefore included a quantitative 2030 target for
investments in climate solutions, which is to increase climate solution
investments by at least € 20 bn by 2030, subject to market environment
and constraints.
As a first step to reach this target, we have defined all low-carbon
technologies that qualify as climate solutions 1. We need to develop a
process to align and agree on concrete volumes per annum with all
relevant stakeholders: operating entities, asset managers, and
relevant Group centers.
We have defined two additional requirements for our
investments. Firstly, we will predominantly invest in Article 8 or Article 9
funds (or equivalent) as defined by the EU Sustainable Finance
Disclosure Regulation (SFDR). Secondly, we will require a credible
transition plan for all unlisted direct investment with a carbon intensity
above 100 t CO2e/€ mn invested.

−

Portfolio company decarbonization

We have set sector targets for the high-emitting sectors listed below.
These targets will trigger three types of actions supporting our overall
GHG emission reduction target: sector engagements (for further
information, please refer to section “Portfolio company
decarbonization”), exclusions, and moving from climate laggards to
climate leaders within the respective sectors:
−

Oil & Gas (coverage Allianz O&G 100 list):
−
−

−

−
−

Scope 1: 0.17 t CO2e/MWh in line with IEA Net-Zero GHG
Emissions by 2050 scenario
Coal phase out in line with 1.5 °C pathway

Steel (Coverage TPI):
−

−

Scope 1, 2 and 3 (cat 11): 43.07 g CO2e/MJ in line with IEA NetZero GHG Emissions by 2050 scenario
100 % of AuM to set net-zero targets across all 3 emission
scopes (target year 2025)

Scope 1 and 2: 1.18 t CO2e/t steel in line with IEA Net-Zero
GHG Emissions by 2050 scenario

Automobile (Coverage TPI):
−

Scope 3 (cat 11): 41.68 g CO2e/km in line with IEA Net-Zero
GHG Emissions by 2050 scenario

In 2023, we added the sectors Steel and Automobile. For both sectors,
we are currently implementing data flows as a first step.
Portfolio decarbonization will also be fostered by increasing our
share in Sustainable Investments. We have achieved our 2025 target
for financing the transition; i.e., we have created between 4 and 5 new
blended finance vehicles and have made initial investments in forestry
and hydrogen.

The extent to which we can achieve reduction of GHG emissions for our
investee companies and real estate investments depends on the
respective ownership structure. For example, in the case of fully-owned
real estate assets, we can directly influence GHG emissions by deep
refurbishments. However, if we are only a minority owner, we are
restricted to indirectly impacting GHG emissions through engagement,
for example, or proxy voting (public equity).
One indirect lever to reach our 2030 GHG emission reduction
targets is therefore continued engagement and support of our
portfolio companies. We have consequently implemented a
systematic and strong engagement approach across all types of
engagements: bilateral, multilateral, and asset manager. For further
information on our engagement approach, please refer to our 2023 –
Allianz Investment Management – Our Engagement Approach on the
Allianz company website.
We have already achieved our 2025 engagement targets in 2023
as we have engaged the top 30 (non-aligned) emitters in our portfolio,
increased our engagement activities by 100 %, and fully participated
in all NZAOA sector and asset manager engagements.

1_We have started working on harmonizing terminology and underlying eligible technologies related to
the targets for climate solutions (currently used for proprietary investments) and transition solutions
(currently used for P&C insurance). We expect to conclude this work and report on it in FY2024.

67

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

We have therefore updated our engagement targets earlier than
originally planned. By 2030 (versus September 2023), we firstly want
to engage with all external asset managers who are “below
expectations” based on a systematic assessment. In order to reach this
target, we initially need to perform a systematic sustainability
assessment of all of our public and private asset managers. If an asset
manager does meet our minimum expectations, we will start
engagement to close identified gaps. We regularly review our public
equity asset managers against best practice guidance (e.g., NZAOA
guidance on best practice for proxy voting and climate lobbying).
Secondly, we want to participate in 30 multilateral engagements
(at least 15 of them with a focus on climate), either as the lead
organization or as a member. In order to reach this target, we will
continuously review existing or new multilateral engagement
initiatives. In 2023, we joined the collaborative engagement initiative
“Investor Initiative on Hazardous Chemicals” (IIHC).
Thirdly, we aim to engage with 15 non-multilaterally engaged
portfolio emitters among the top 100. We will screen the financed GHG
emissions of our portfolio companies to identify those qualifying for
engagement; i.e., those with the highest financed GHG emissions that
are not already engaged.
As many of our high emitters in the portfolio can only decarbonize
properly if the whole sector – including the value chain – decarbonizes,
we are also active in sector engagements via multilateral engagement
initiatives. Sector engagements are supporting our sector targets for
2030, in particular in the oil & gas and steel sectors. For more
information on our sector targets, please refer to the section “Portfolio
allocation changes”.
The whole investment management function of Allianz is
responsible for implementing climate topics in the existing processes
and hence in the investment portfolio.

Proprietary investment specific policies
We are committed to managing climate change risk identified as a
material risk for our proprietary investment portfolio. To align our
investment management function with this commitment, we have set
ambitious GHG emission reduction targets that incentivize respective
decision-making (see table “2030 Targets for emissions associated
with proprietary investments”). Our Allianz ESG Functional Rule for
Investments (EFRI) sets out the rules, principles, and processes that
govern the integration and application of climate topics to the
Insurance Investment Assets of Allianz.

68

The EFRI provides a detailed description of all relevant processes for
integrating climate into the investment processes and managing
climate risk:
−

−

−

−

−

−

Selecting and monitoring asset managers: Asset managers need
to adhere to their own qualified sustainability policy including
climate as a key topic. Regular review meetings with asset
managers covering sustainability topics need to be performed.
Systematic evaluation and scoring of investments: For unlisted
assets, a case-by-case evaluation needs to be performed to
identify potential sustainability risks. For listed assets, sustainability
criteria based on MSCI data are used to screen all investments and
inform our investment decision-making.
Active engagements: As an integral part of our strategy, we
perform bilateral engagements based on systematic sustainability
scoring, multilateral engagements, and asset manager
engagements.
Exclusions of certain sectors, companies and sovereigns: Certain
investments need to be excluded based on the Allianz guidelines
for Oil and Gas and Coal-based business models. Some exclusions
are triggered by engagement.
Sustainable Investments: We define sustainable investments in line
with the SFDR Article 2 (17) and actively pursue investment
opportunities that support solutions to environmental and societal
challenges, aligned with the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals
(U.N. SDGs).
Risk management: The Allianz Climate Change Risk Solution
(ACCRiS) tool must be used to assess physical climate change risk
for fully-owned real estate and prospectively for all single location
assets. Whenever a certain level of physical risk is identified, a
climate change adaptation plan needs to be implemented.

The EFRI is mandatory within the Allianz Group for all insurance
and reinsurance legal entities, including related pension schemes and
all types of investment assets. Sustainability governance is fully
integrated into existing governance structures and makes use of
existing committees (e.g., the Group Investment Committee).

Current emissions
In our own operations, we aim to reduce our environmental footprint
over time. We have established a dedicated unit – Group Sustainable
Operations – within Group Operations & IT to align the strategic
approach across all Allianz entities, with the aim of reducing their
environmental footprint and accelerating impact through setting clear
targets and sharing best practice. The main operations in scope are
Travel and Fleet, Procurement, Facility Management, and IT.
The total GHG emissions arising from Allianz Operations were
136,448 t CO2e in 2023. Of that, 31,774 t CO2e result from Scope 1,
7,929 t CO2e from Scope 2, and 96,745 t CO2e from Scope 3. Included
Scope 3 GHG emissions from categories 3.1, 3.3, 3.6 and 3.7 cover fueland energy-related emissions, business travel, remote working, public
cloud, and paper use. Scope 3 GHG financed emissions which fall
under category 3.15 are excluded. For further information, please refer
to the section “Insurance Overarching” and the section “Investments
Overarching”. For further details on 2023 GHG emissions and a
comparison to 2022 GHG emissions, please see table “Greenhouse gas
emissions”.

For further details, please refer to section “02.2.1” in our Group
Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz company website.
The EFRI applies to all proprietary investment assets excluding
unit-linked assets and is owned by the Sustainable Investing team. It is
authorized by the respective Allianz SE Board Member responsible for
Investments. The EFRI is published in the Allianz Corporate Rules Book
and is available to all relevant stakeholders.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Own operations GHG emission reduction target

Greenhouse gas emissions
t CO2e

2023

2022

Delta (%)

Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions

31,774

30,953

2.7

Gross market-based Scope 2 GHG
emissions

7,929

30,490

(74.0)

Gross location-based Scope 2 GHG
emissions1

112,228

138,339

(18.9)

Gross Scope 3 GHG emissions
(selected)2

96,745

92,467

4.6

Total emissions from own
operation and further value chain

136,448

153,910

(11.3)

1_Not included in the calculation of total emissions.
2_Including fuel- and energy- related activities, business travel, remote working, paper and public
cloud.

As explained in the “Transition Plan & Strategy" section, anticipating
CSRD, we are no longer referring to the 2030 target for our Own
Operations as a Net-Zero commitment. We will instead refer to it as a
2030 intermediate target.
Our decarbonization and removal targets for Own Operations
remain as communicated in the Inaugural Net-Zero Transition Plan.
By 2025 we aim to reduce GHG emissions per employee by 50 %
versus a 2019 baseline across Scope 1, Scope 2, and selected Scope 3
emissions (see section “Current Emissions”). For year-end 2030, we
target GHG emission reductions of 70 % and for year-end 2029, 65 %
versus a 2019 baseline. The target was defined in alignment with the
latest climate science. The progress towards our 2030 target is
assessed on a yearly basis as part of our annual reporting cycles. In
2023, we made progress by reducing our GHG emissions by 62 % per
employee compared to our 2019 baseline.

Greenhouse gas emission targets
t CO2e per employee

Emissions Target
2030

Emissions Target
2025

Scope 1, 2 and
selected scope 3
emissions1

0.828

Target 2023

Achievement 2023

We expect in 2023 emissions at a
comparable level to 2022 with
some post COVID-19 corrections.

Our carbon footprint per employee was 0.9 tons
(2022: 1.0). This represents a 62 % reduction (2022:
57 %) against a 2019 baseline. This reduction was
mainly the result of sourcing 100% renewable
electricity2 for our office buildings and data centers
and a reduction in our energy consumption, which
balanced increasing business travel post COVID-19.

1.183

Emissions current
year 2023

Emissions Baseline
2019

Delta Target 2030
vs Baseline 2019

Delta Target 2025 vs
Baseline 2019

0.894

2.367

(65.0) %

(50.0) %

1_Scope 3 includes fuel- and energy- related activities, business travel, remote working, paper and public cloud.
2_For more details about the sources of the renewable electricity, please refer to section "Energy & consumption mix".

Energy consumption & mix
In 2023, we had a total energy consumption of 1,574,357 GJ.
We achieved a 47 % reduction in energy consumption in our office
buildings per employee against a target reduction of 20 % by year-end
2025 against a 2019 baseline (2022: 32 % reduction).
100 % 1 of the electricity we used in our office buildings and data
centers came from renewable, low-carbon sources (2022: 89 %).

The above was achieved through a combination of green tariffs
(65.7 %), expanding the use of on-site renewable technologies (0.2 %),
and sourcing unbundled renewable Energy Attribute Certificates
(EACs) (34.1 %). For a comprehensive overview of our energy
consumption and mix, please see table “Energy consumption and mix”.

1_For more information, please refer to the section “Decarbonization levers – Renewable Electricity“.

69

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Decarbonization levers

Energy consumption and mix
As of 31 December

2023

2022

Delta (%)

GJ

1,232,510

1,578,675

(21.9)

Energy consumption
from data centers

GJ

286,312

325,212

(12.0)

Total energy
consumption1

Energy consumption
from office buildings

GJ

1,574,357

1,965,294

(19.9)

Energy consumption
from office buildings
per employee

GJ/employee

8.1

10.4

(22.3)

Energy reduction in
office buildings per
employee since 2019

%

(47)

(32)

(15.1) %-p

1_The total energy consumption includes also energy from remote working.

Energy source
%

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Delta

Electricity

72.5

67.4

5.1 %-p

Fossil fuels

9.6

12.4

(2.8) %-p

Long distance heating

16.8

18.8

(2.0) %-p

Other sources (incl. energy from own
sources including photovoltaic,
internal waste heat)

1.1

1.4

(0.3) %-p

20231

Renewable electricity
As of 31 December

2022

Delta (%)

Renewable electricity

GJ

1,122,821

1,153,987

(2.7)

Renewable electricity
as a share of all
electricity

%

100

89

11 %-p

1_For more information, please refer to the section "Decarbonization levers – Renewable
Electricity".

To achieve our GHG emission reduction targets, we have the following
decarbonization levers.

1_Full list of countries: Hong Kong, Bahrain, Cameroon, Ghana, Tunisia, Ivory Coast, Kenya, Lebanon,
Senegal, Madagascar, Laos, Myanmar, Qatar, Reunion Island, Saudi Arabia, Ukraine.

70

Renewable electricity
As a signatory of the RE100 initiative, we have committed to sourcing
100 % renewable electricity (RE) for our group-wide operations and
data centers by 2023. RE100 is a global initiative bringing together
businesses committed to 100 % renewable electricity.
Energy sourcing has been a strategic procurement function since
2021 and plays a key role in our transition toward 100 % renewable
electricity, mainly by shifting energy procurement from locally driven to
globally driven processes. Activities in 2023 included leveraging
opportunities to agree green tariffs with local power providers and
holding conversations with landlords supported by green lease
clauses. We encourage green tariffs and local direct investments in
Allianz-owned self-generation, centrally supported by PIMCO Prime
Real Estate. Furthermore, renewable Energy Attribute Certificates
have played a role in the transition to 100 % renewable electricity as an
interim solution for markets and Allianz entities with limited access to
renewable electricity.
In 2023, we achieved our goal of covering 100 % (2022: 89 %) of
our electricity for all office buildings and data centers with renewable,
low carbon sources. 98.6 % of this is in line with the RE100 technical
criteria and 1.4 % is secured via renewable Energy Attribute Certificates
from neighboring countries as we operate in some countries like
Ukraine, Saudi Arabia and Ghana 1 where there is currently no
availability of renewable electricity meeting the RE100 criteria. We
continue our efforts to cover all our renewable electricity in line with
RE100 technical criteria and will closely monitor the market
development in the respective countries.

Buildings
Embedding sustainability in our buildings encompasses energy
efficiency and reduction. We aim to reduce the energy consumption in
our office buildings per employee by 20 % by year-end 2025 against a
2019 baseline.
We implement environmental management systems (EMS) and
energy efficiency processes based on ISO14001 and ISO50001
standards to improve environmental management governance
practices at some of our major locations and entities. Some locations
also pursue certifications such as LEED, BREEAM 2, etc. To address
2_LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) and BREEAM (Building Research Establishment
Environmental Assessment Methodology) are certifications assessing the sustainability of buildings
based on a rating system.

energy efficiency and reduction holistically, our operating entities are
encouraged to develop approaches to reduce energy consumption.
We have set up a Buildings Standards Catalogue to harmonize
Allianz’s approach to sustainability in buildings. This comprehensive
listing of minimum standards includes elements of governance/certifications, furnishings, construction/renovations, renewable
energy, energy efficiency, water, waste, food, and commuting, as well
as guidance on green lease selection criteria.
In 2023, we achieved a 47 % reduction in energy consumption in
our office buildings per employee compared to our 2019 baseline
(2022: 32 %).

Fleet and business travel
When it comes to fleet and business travel, our aim is to continuously
reduce corresponding GHG emissions now that COVID-19 measures
have been lifted and business trips are permitted again. We aim to
reduce our GHG emissions from business travel by 40 % by 2025
against a 2019 baseline. As a signatory of the EV100 initiative, Allianz
has committed to fully electrify the company fleet by 2030 at the latest.
The current travel regulation is under review and – once updated
in 2024 – will encompass climate-related topics for business travel. In
addition, our travel tools offer a sort and filter function based on CO2
emissions for flight searches. Further, meetings should be held digitally
whenever possible.
In 2023, GHG emissions from business travel were reduced by 44 %
per employee against a 2019 baseline 3 (2022: 47 %). As of 2023, 22 %
of our fleet vehicles are electrified 4 (2022: 11 %).

Procurement
With regard to our supply chain, our target is to ensure that 100 % of
global framework vendors – i.e., vendors providing products and
services for Allianz globally – have made a public commitment to netzero GHG emissions in line with a 1.5 °C path by 2025.
The procurement function sources services and products for the
Allianz Group by partnering with thousands of vendors all around the
world for activities such as IT, professional services, and marketing. Our
procurement policy and processes are reviewed regularly. In 2022, they
were updated to align with the Allianz Group sustainability strategy
and to embed the operations sustainability strategy across
procurement activities. To ensure our IT partners are following our
3_GHG emissions from business travel were restated for 2019 (new absolute: 140,787 t CO2e, new relative:
1.0 t CO2e per employee). For air travel emissions, 2022 emission factors were applied to consider postCovid air travel load factors and to ensure comparability.
4_Including battery electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

decarbonization ambition, we have implemented sustainability
criteria in all Requests for Information (RFIs)/Requests for Proposal
(RFPs) and tenders. The catalogue of questions covers environmental
aspects in four categories (Hardware, Software, Application/
Infrastructure & Communication) and produces a rating based on
defined sustainability criteria.
Our assessment indicates that, in 2023, 76 % of global framework
vendors had an existing net-zero commitment (2022: 65 %).

Sustainability forms part of the individual contribution factor of the
remuneration of each member of the Allianz SE Board of
Management. This extends to the decarbonization targets of
proprietary investments as well as own operations. For further
information, please refer to Remuneration Report and the section
“Corporate responsibility governance and strategy”.

Climate change will materially affect global economies and Allianz, with
its international footprint and many different lines of business, is no
exception – as already highlighted in the section on materiality analysis.
The risks and opportunities emerging today will evolve and increase over
the mid to long term. They include acute and chronic physical impacts on
property and human health, such as increasing temperatures, extreme
weather events, rising sea levels, intensifying heatwaves, droughts, and
potential changes in vector-borne diseases.
Risks and opportunities also result from the cross-sectoral structural
change stemming from the transition to a low-carbon economy. These
transition risks include the impacts of changes in climate policy, technology,
and market sentiment, and their impact on the market value of financial
assets, as well as impacts resulting from climate change litigation.

Impact on and impact of our business
The Allianz Group is exposed to risks that are influenced by climate change
in a multitude of ways. Our core business activities mean that we are
affected in two key ways, both of which can influence the ability of assets
to generate long-term value:
−

71

As an insurer providing insurance policies – e.g., covering health
impacts, property damage, or litigation claims – and through changes
in the sectors and business models we underwrite.

−

As a large-scale institutional investor with significant interests in various
economies, companies, infrastructure, and real estate that might be
affected by the physical impact of climate change and the transition
to a low-carbon economy.

As well as being impacted by climate change, the choices Allianz makes
about how to conduct our business have an impact on climate change,
e.g., by investing in or insuring activities that either cause or reduce GHG
emissions. To manage potentially detrimental impacts on both the climate
and our business, we have committed to align our proprietary investment
and insurance underwriting portfolios to 1.5 °C climate scenarios.

Strategy resilience, stress tests, and climate scenario
analysis
Climate change considerations are an integral part of our insurance and
investment strategy.
We apply various quantitative and qualitative strategies when
carrying out climate stress testing and scenario analysis. Considerations in
this regard include the long-term horizons over which climate change may
unfold and the high level of uncertainty over the direction of future climate
and economic developments. Our objective is to foster risk awareness,
build expertise in the assessment of financial risks from climate change,
test our business strategy resilience, and inform risk management and
business decision-making.
We perform sensitivity and scenario analyses with time horizons up to
2050 and including scenarios ranging from 1.5 °C to 4 °C of average
warming by the end of the century. While time horizons naturally differ
depending on the lines of business under consideration, the range of
scenarios we apply allows us to better assess a variety of risks associated
with climate change.
When we conduct analyses that assess 1.5 °C scenario alignment, we
adjust our scenario selection using guidance developed by the NZAOA
that is focused on 1.5 °C scenarios with no or low overshoot of 1.5 °C of
warming. This limits the need to remove GHG emissions from the
atmosphere in the second half of the century.
When conducting outside-in impact scenario analysis, we use a
broader range of scenarios in terms of temperature outcomes and
characteristics. Qualitative assessments are conducted to explore to what
extent and across which channels climate change risks affect distinct
aspects of our business, unconstrained by the still limited availability of
quantitative models to fully cover all aspects of climate change across our
entire business activities. We deploy quantitative assessments for indicative
sizing of our exposure to climate change risks. A top-down approach is

developed to assess risks at the level of our balance sheet.
Complementary bottom-up modeling for the most relevant exposures
provides insights into climate change risks at the level of individual
investment or underwriting projects and may support contextualization of
results from top-down analyses.
It should be noted that the analyses included in this report reflect our
current approaches to climate change risk assessments. Prevailing
methodological and data limitations as well as the high degree of
uncertainty inherent in any long-term analysis may still limit the decisionmaking usefulness of some results. However, these approaches will
change over time as climate scenarios evolve in line with research,
developmental-stage methods improve further, and industry best
practices emerge.

Qualitative assessment of climate change risks

The guiding objective of the qualitative climate change risk assessment is
comprehensiveness, whereby it is important to identify the many ways that
Allianz’s risk profile can be adversely affected across all areas of the
business, in both the short, medium and long term. There are multiple ways
in which climate change may trigger risk events, so it is essential that this
understanding is established in enough detail for it to provide a solid basis
for applying risk-based prioritization with the aim of evaluating mitigation
effectiveness and management actions.
To achieve full coverage of Allianz’s business footprint, the assessment
was structured along investments, property-casualty underwriting,
life/health underwriting, operations, with investments and underwriting
further subdivided into asset class and line of business, respectively. For
each area (or alternatively, asset class for investments, and line of business
for underwriting), the main relevant climate change-related risk drivers
were identified. In this context, a risk driver is any development or event
wholly or primarily attributable to climate change that potentially impacts
Allianz’s risk profile. Such risk drivers can be categorized into technological,
regulatory, legal, and consumer behavior developments (transition risks),
as well as physical risks such as floods, drought, or wildfires.
For each risk driver, a range of potential short- to medium-term and
long-term impacts for the insurance sector was considered, utilizing
knowledge acquired via a combination of desktop research and
consultation with subject matter experts both internal and external to
Allianz. Lastly, the potential magnitude of each of these risk impacts was
assessed against various dimensions of financial and non-financial
performance.
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

The initial qualitative risk assessment was performed throughout
2022 at the Allianz Group level. During 2023, subsidiaries adapted the
assessment according to their local risk profiles. The outcome of this
exercise provides further insights into the relevance of climate change risk
drivers for both the Allianz Group as a whole and individual subsidiaries,
taking into account their specific business profile, geographical presence,
and locally applicable regulations.

For a summary of the main climate change risks faced by the Allianz Group
as well as corresponding impacts derived from the qualitative risk
assessment, please see tables “Key climate change transition risks” and
“Key climate change physical risks“.

72

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Key climate change transition risks
Risk driver

Context

Main potential risk impacts

Emerging technologies

Climate change mitigation and adaption is driving the rapid
development of new or modification of existing technologies (e.g.
sustainable aviation fuels, carbon capture and storage, electric
vehicles).

Investments
- Companies that fail to adopt these new technologies may face future cost disadvantages via a combination of higher energy costs,
higher financing costs or costs from participation in carbon emissions trading schemes. On the revenues side, customers may become
adverse towards companies that fail to adopt climate-related technologies. This risk is particularly relevant for those business sectors
with a comparatively high emissions footprint, such as energy, transportation and construction.

Although many of these technologies presently face challenges in
terms of quickly scaling up – whether due to prohibitive cost, an
inadequate supply of raw inputs, missing infrastructure, customer
skepticism or a need to further develop the technology itself – it is
expected that many of these issues will be resolved over time and the
technologies will become widely adopted.

- Stranded assets are also possible, whereby technological breakthroughs render older, high emission technologies obsolete, in
particular when further squeezed by decarbonization-related regulations. Conversely, it is also possible that promising technologies
ultimately fail to deliver on their potential and earn a return on substantial investments in research and development.
- Allianz is susceptible to financial market losses based on investment exposures to those companies and sectors most likely to be
impacted by the above developments.
Underwriting
The introduction of new technologies may lead to more frequent and severe malfunctions, damage or process disruptions, especially
in the early application phase. Areas of particular vulnerability include electric vehicles and renewable energy technologies, such as
battery energy storage systems. In this context, providing insurance coverage may represent a challenge for insurers due to the lack
of historical claims data as a basis for modeling and pricing, which may trigger an increase in insured manufacturers‘ product liability
exposure.

Regulatory
developments

As signatories to the Paris Agreement, many countries have adopted
legally binding commitments in line with the Paris Agreement target
of holding the increase in the global average temperature to well
below 2 °C above pre-industrial levels and pursuing efforts to limit the
temperature increase to 1.5 °C above pre-industrial levels.

Investments
- Increasingly complex and partly untested regulations promoting mitigation and adaptation to climate change may trigger
significant costs or losses for companies operating in high emission sectors, both in terms of implementation costs and as a direct
consequence of the policies themselves. Direct consequences include write-down costs, whereby as a result of a regulatory directive,
the projected financial return on company assets is diminished.

To deliver on these commitments countries are enacting increasingly
stringent regulations designed to reduce carbon emissions, such as
the phase out of combustion engines, encouraging the adoption of
heat pumps or increasing the share of sustainably produced energy.
Given the swift and drastic reduction required, the impact of these
regulations is widespread across many business sectors, although
naturally most consequential for those responsible for the largest
share of emissions.

- Furthermore, fragmentation of regulations at a regional and global level may lead to competitive disadvantages based on a
company’s geographic location, especially for companies that are highly dependent on international trade. Competitive
disadvantages may result from either operating under a comparatively strict set of regulations relative to peers (e.g. carbon emission
limits), or conversely, due to regulations enacted to counter such environmental arbitrage (e.g. border taxes, restricted market access
for companies with poor climate practices).
- Allianz is susceptible to financial market losses based on investment exposures to those companies and sectors most likely to be
impacted by the above developments.
Operations
- Allianz is committed to full compliance with all climate-change regulations applicable to the organization. The design and
implementation of processes needed to comply will require investments in employees, external expertise, 3rd party databases, IT
systems and more.
- Beyond the direct costs, regulations are likely to result in an increase in Allianz’ operational complexity – for example in the form of
expanded data gathering and reporting requirements or additional sustainability considerations to be applied in the design,
marketing and service of products. This increased complexity in turn may drive an increase in the likelihood and severity of process
failures and accompanying operational losses.

73

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Risk driver

Context

Main potential risk impacts

Climate litigation

Climate change has emerged to become a source of potential highimpact litigation, whether in terms of monetary losses (e.g. fines,
awarding of damages) or through court ordered changes in
defendants’ business practices that negatively impact profitability or
– in extreme cases – viability of the business model itself.

Investments
- Companies may be subject to litigation arising from discrepancies between publicly declared long-term net-zero commitments and
emissions reductions that are realistically achievable based on actions taken, as well as general (vague) sustainability statements
deemed misleading or otherwise not supported by actual outcomes (“Greenwashing”).

This trend is expected to continue as both litigants seek compensation
for climate related damages and activists turn to court systems in
response to real or perceived political and business failures to
adequately address climate change.

- Climate attribution science supports the assignment of responsibility for climate-change related damages to those companies
historically responsible for a large share of emissions, whether from the extraction and processing of fossil fuels or their consumption
via production or product use (e.g. energy generation, transportation). As the confidence levels of climate attribution models improve
they may increasingly be recognized by courts and juries in determining culpability and corresponding damages. Given past studies
suggesting a relatively small number of companies are responsible for an outsized share of total historical emissions – primarily
within the oil & gas and utility sectors – the legal exposure of these companies in particular may be quite significant.
- In addition to the costs or losses directly attributable to climate-change related regulations, companies also face legal exposures
for failure to comply. Against the backdrop of sweeping regulations and tight timelines for their adoption – which is unavoidable in
the light of nations’ legally binding emission reduction commitments – it may prove challenging for certain companies or even entire
sectors to fully comply. This is relevant not only for operations and product design, but also climate-change related reporting and
disclosure requirements.
- Allianz is susceptible to financial market losses based on investment exposures to those companies and sectors most likely to be
impacted by the above developments.
Underwriting
The above climate litigation drivers for investments may also adversely impact Allianz’ risk profile with respect to Underwriting Risks.
Greenwashing, advances in climate attribution science, new and expanded regulations and an overall increase in climate-change
related litigation all introduce new and potentially significant legal exposures for many of Allianz’ commercial policyholders,
especially those operating in high-emission sectors such as oil & gas, energy generation or transportation. Allianz risk exposures arise
from indemnity coverages for legal proceedings against these policyholders, in particular within the D&O and Liability lines of
business.

74

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Key climate change physical risks
Risk driver

Context

Main potential risk impacts

Extreme weather
(acute physical risk
event)

Climate change is the primary driver behind a contemporary increase
in the frequency and severity of extreme weather events, which
trigger losses in the form of human casualties, physical damages and
disruptions to business or leisure activities.

Investments
- Within the real estate sector property valuations may increasingly be dependent on exposure to extreme weather events, both from
a macro- and micro-geographic perspective. The most exposed properties might experience higher losses from property damage, a
loss of rental income due to business disruptions and higher insurance and financing costs. While measures may be taken to help
mitigate the real estate impact of extreme weather events, such as strengthening structures against wind and flood damage, these
typically require costly investments. These issues also largely apply towards the construction and infrastructure sectors as well.
- At a sovereign level, government finances may become strained through an ever increasing need to finance recovery and repair
efforts following catastrophic weather events. Over time this support may lead to a deterioration in the creditworthiness of sovereign
debt, further compounding losses via higher debt servicing costs, or in extreme cases may even lead to default scenarios.
Alternatively, governments may choose to invest in mitigation or adaption initiatives, however in many cases these solutions come
with high costs that may likewise place pressure on government finances.
- At a more general level, corporate bonds and equities may be impacted to various degrees depending on the sector and
geographic location. For example, floods, fires, droughts and heat waves can trigger large loss events in many different sectors, such
as agriculture, tourism, energy production, shipping and manufacturing. This injects a new source of risk and volatility into corporate
financial outcomes, which may challenge their ability to consistently deliver reliable profits or, in extreme cases, trigger instances of
bankruptcy. Ultimately these issues will be reflected in share prices and bond valuations.
- Allianz is susceptible to financial market losses based on investment exposures to those companies and sectors most likely to be
impacted by the above developments.
Underwriting
- Increases in the frequency and severity of claims are almost certain to occur across both retail and commercial P&C business lines.
This projection concerns not only property claims due to direct physical damage, but other coverages as well, such as those typically
contained within business interruption, accident, entertainment, and travel policies.
- Claims for liability coverages may also increase insofar as policyholders are considered negligent in protecting customers or other
third parties from damages caused by extreme weather events.
- In addition to impacts derived from policy exposures, it may also become increasingly cost-prohibitive for Allianz to obtain
reinsurance coverages in line with our risk appetite and risk bearing capacity. Such developments might restrict our ability to
underwrite some risk exposures and – in extreme cases – precipitate an exit from certain insurance markets.

75

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Risk driver

Context

Main potential risk impacts

Climate volatility
(chronic physical risk
event)

A meaningful portion of economic activity is dependent on the climate
and susceptible to changes against the current status-quo. For
example, with respect to raw materials, a volatile climate may lead to
losses of arable land to desertification, losses of timber due to
wildfires, reduced fishery yields due to ocean acidification or water
scarcity that diminishes production capacity in high water use sectors,
such as the manufacturing of apparels and textiles.

Investments
- An increased volatility in the availability – and therefore price – of raw materials has various implications at the individual company
level, especially for those companies whose value generation is primarily dependent on the processing of raw materials. Collectively,
these implications may have consequential impacts on overall economic activity.

Impacts beyond availability of resources include phenomena such as
permanent decreases in worker productivity due to frequent
heatwaves or a loss in attractiveness for those tourist destinations no
longer reliably providing the desired weather.

- Resource availability will emerge as an increasingly important consideration in the capital investment decisions of companies
within certain sectors (e.g. manufacturing, timber, agriculture, fisheries). Volatility and scarcity risks in raw material inputs will
increase the required risk-adjusted return on such investments, which may lead to a higher number of boardroom decisions to forego
potential profit-generating opportunities (i.e. will trigger corporate retrenchment instead of expansion).
- Companies may struggle to optimally price their goods against a backdrop of higher price volatility for their production inputs.
Participation in commodity markets to hedge against price volatility will likely come with a higher cost than in the past, as
commodity markets react to the volatility by increasing the risk premium on futures contracts.
- Beyond manufacturing and raw material processing, temperature volatility may also adversely impact weather dependent sectors,
such as construction, tourism and sustainable energy generation.
- Allianz is susceptible to financial market losses based on investment exposures to those companies and sectors most likely to be
impacted by the above developments.
Underwriting
- Insurance portfolios may experience consequential shifts in the risk profile for those regions or sectors with the highest exposures to
climate volatility, affecting both claims and insurance demand. In contrast to acute physical risks, these risks are not attributable to
individual extreme weather events, but rather reflect permanent trends or slow-developing climate change impacts.
- For example, rising sea levels that make coastal areas more prone to flooding are likely to increase claims costs and expenses for
both retail and commercial property coverages. On the revenues side, necessary premium increases may not be able to fully capture
increased losses due to political and consumer pressure to maintain insurance affordability, while in the most exposed regions the
uninsurability of certain risks may cause a reduction in the total size of the insurance market.
- Overall, while climate volatility risks are generally considered more long term in nature, if not carefully managed these
developments will increase the potential risk for Allianz of losing market share, premium income or profitability.

The above results demonstrate that the most relevant climate change
risks for Allianz as an organization relate to proprietary investments
and property-casualty underwriting. Risks related to company
operations and life/health underwriting are also present, albeit to a
lesser extent.
In terms of time frames, the assessment foresees transition risks as
more significant in the short to medium term than in the long term
under scenarios where alignment with the goals of the Paris

76

Agreement is rigorously pursued. This reflects the view that a large
proportion of measures to address climate change will need to be
introduced in the next 5 to 15 years, which will constitute a
comparatively dynamic period of transition risk relevance.
In terms of the most relevant physical risks, acute physical risks are
likewise considered more significant over the short to medium term
than the long term. While this may run contrary to the understanding
that acute physical risks will continue to increase in both magnitude

and frequency, the presumption is that adaptive measures will help
blunt impact severity in the longer term. This includes both adaptive
measures by external parties – such as regulations restricting or
encouraging movement away from disaster prone areas – and
mitigation measures by Allianz, such as improvements in the
management of insurance risk concentrations and the pricing of
insurance coverages.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

When considering the above results, it is important to understand
that outcomes of this qualitative process are highly dependent on the
input of individual risk experts. Although the process leveraged
research and statistical information where possible, professional
judgment was applied in determining the impacts specific to Allianz.
Provided that professional judgment is subject to various forms of bias,
results are liable to change. In addition, the emergence of further
statistical and other fact-based research may also influence
conclusions.
For further information on mitigation measures to address and
manage risk impacts, please refer to the section “Conclusion”.

Quantitative assessment of climate change risks

The integrated climate change stress test presented in the following
section complements the holistic qualitative risk assessment with
quantitative information for a limited set of risks and risk transmission
channels. It demonstrates our continuing efforts to build capabilities
and capacities for quantitative climate change risk assessments and
gain experience with sizing balance sheet exposures to climate
change risks.
The stress test covers both sides of the balance sheet by
measuring asset- or liability-specific stress impacts, as well as their
dependencies for a static balance sheet. We take into account a
period up to 2050, which is relevant both for the implementation of key
political and business strategies linked to the Paris Climate Agreement
and for the onset of increasing global warming and its negative
consequences. Impacts are estimated for market stresses, as well as
property-casualty and life/health underwriting stresses, using
NGFS 1/IPCC 2 scenario-based data from various sources. NGFS
scenarios are selected for this analysis since they are compiled on
behalf of central banks and supervisory authorities for financial stress
testing, provide pathways for macroeconomic variables in a variety of
scenarios representing different levels of transition and physical risk,
and are available open source. IPCC Representative Concentration
Pathways (RCPs) are the starting point of well-established scientific
studies on the development of climate-related hazards in climate
change scenarios, which can be adapted for modelling underwriting
risks. All entities contributing to the Allianz Group’s Solvency II model

1_NGFS: Network for Greening the Financial System.
2_IPCC: Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

77

are in scope for the assessment. The main focus of the analysis is to
provide a best estimate for market value balance sheet impacts.

For the current implementation of the integrated climate change stress
test, we have considered five scenario narratives from the suite of
NGFS reference scenarios. The (1) Net Zero 2050 scenario is
determined by an orderly transition to net-zero emissions by 2050
following the target to limit global warming to 1.5 °C through stringent
climate policies at the cost of moderate economic strain in the initial
years. The (2) Below 2 °C scenario assumes an early and orderly
transition to a low-carbon economy, with an unambitious policy target
to limit global warming to below 2 °C by the end of the century. In this
scenario, policy action has limited impact on economic growth. In the
(3) Delayed Transition scenario, GHG emissions remain high until 2030,
when strong policy measures are taken to limit warming to below 2 °C.
Physical risks are relatively small in these scenarios over the 2050 time
horizon.
The (4) Nationally Determined Contributions scenario includes all
pledged climate policies, even if not yet implemented. However, these
pledged policies are still insufficient to limit global warming to below
2 °C, leading to increasing physical risks. Accounting only for climate
policies that were in place before 2019, the (5) Current Policies
scenario is characterized by limited transition risks and high physical
risks, which start to become more visible over the second half of the
projection period.

NGFS scenarios are used to obtain financial market variables for
application in the market stress module of the integrated climate
change stress test. The market stresses themselves are applied to
market values of both assets and liabilities of in-scope entities, where
a simplified approach is used to assess the mitigation of stress impacts
due to policyholder profit sharing. Scenario variables used in the
property-casualty and life/health underwriting stress modules are
derived from hazard models that are contingent on the IPCC’s RCPs
2.6, 4.5, 6.0, and 8.5. For the life/health underwriting stress module,
stress variables are based on a study by Gasparrini et al.3 that projects
temperature-related excess mortality under various heat and cold
pathways and their net change up to the end of the century. The
life/health underwriting stresses are applied to the best estimate of

liabilities for biometric risk exposure. The property-casualty
underwriting stress module relies on projections for Average Annual
Loss under RCP scenarios for a selection of the most climate changerelevant country and peril combinations (i.e., inland flooding, hail and
tropical cyclone) developed by NatCat modeling experts at Allianz Re.
The property-casualty underwriting stresses are applied to the best
estimate of liabilities for NatCat risk exposures.
To separate the impact of climate change risk from trend growth,
stress levels are assessed relative to a baseline or counterfactual
scenario as defined by the NGFS, a hypothetical scenario in which
neither progression of climate change nor the implementation of
transition measures is assumed. Furthermore, the calculation of stress
impacts is based on instantaneous stresses on the static year-end 2023
balance sheet, without adaptation or mitigation actions from Allianz
and its business partners. In particular, internal measures such as
contract repricing, deployment of reinsurance strategies, or portfolio
steering have not been taken into account, as well as external
measures such as public investment in flood defences. Impact
estimates from the different stress test modules are integrated based
on a matching of global mean temperatures for 2050 between NGFS
and IPCC scenarios as well as consideration of the overall scenario
characteristics. No diversification between market stresses and
underwriting stresses is assumed for the aggregation.
Impact estimates from the integrated climate change stress test
rely on scientific research and scenario data that is available and
considered relevant as of the current point in time. Nevertheless, the
magnitude of outcomes has to be treated with caution when
accounting for the significant uncertainties inherent in climate change
modeling and the crucial role of assumptions in long-term projections.
These include, but are not limited to, uncertainties in the scientific
studies underlying the projected distributions of NatCat events,
uncertainties in the modeling of macroeconomic impacts of physical
risks, as well as uncertainties due to the limitations of climate change
scenarios in capturing environmental, social, and economic cascading
effects or tipping points. Uncertainties around assumptions for the
counterfactual scenario can also have a critical impact on results.

3_Gasparrini et. al. (2017) Projections of temperature-related excess mortality under climate change
scenarios, Lancet Planet Health 1(9):e360-e367.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

In terms of the aggregate market and property-casualty and
life/health underwriting stress impacts, two key overarching
observations may be derived. Firstly, with the exception of the Delayed
Transition scenario, cumulative market value balance sheet impacts
over the first 5-10 years of the projection period are largely determined
by the different levels of transition risk in the scenarios, whereas
impacts from physical risks are small in comparison but increase
gradually. Secondly, market stress is the largest contributor to overall
cumulative market value balance sheet impacts, exceeding the
combined contribution from property-casualty and life/health
underwriting stresses by a considerable margin.
Expounding upon the above general observations at the individual
scenario level, we note the following:
−

−

−

−

−

78

Moderate cumulative market value balance sheet impacts are
realized in the Net Zero 2050 scenario, where the initial economic
strain subsides rapidly until 2030.
The orderly implementation of the not too ambitious policy target
in the Below 2 °C scenario comes with a low transition risk initially.
While stress impacts in the long term in the Below 2 °C scenario are
comparable to stress impacts in the Net Zero 2050 scenario, an
overall negative trend compared to the 1.5 °C scenario is
predicted in the second half of the century due to higher physical
risk associated with higher mean temperatures.
In the Delayed Transition scenario, very low stress impacts
materialize in initial years, followed by high cumulative market
value balance sheet impacts of (13.6) % after 2035 with the start
of the delayed implementation of a policy ambition that is
comparable to that in the Below 2 °C scenario. Economic recovery
is rather slow in this scenario.
Initial losses from transition risk in the Nationally Determined
Contributions scenarios, comparable to losses in the Below 2 °C
scenarios, turn into losses from physical risk in later years that
gradually increase over time.
In the absence of stringent climate policy implementation, stress
impacts are relatively muted until the second half of the time
horizon for the Current Policies scenario, similar to the Delayed
Transition scenario, where stress impacts from physical risk phase
in bringing about moderate cumulative market value balance
sheet impacts of approximately (5.5) % in the long term. Beyond
this period, both the Current Policies and the Nationally

Determined Contributions scenarios are expected to entail even
more material losses as impacts from physical risks increase and
outweigh transition risk impacts.
An excerpt from the aggregated stress test results is shown in table
“Estimated maximum adverse cumulative market value balance sheet
impacts in NGFS/IPCC scenarios relative to a baseline scenario
without climate change”. The complete analysis covers the period from
now until 2050, whereas the excerpt here shows the estimated
maximum adverse impacts over the 5-20 year period, taking into
account, amongst other considerations, that the current NGFS
scenarios are primarily aimed at modeling long-term climateeconomic relationships.
Estimated maximum adverse cumulative market value balance sheet
impacts in NGFS/IPCC scenarios relative to a baseline scenario
without climate change
%

Scenario
Net Zero 2050

Long-term
5-20 years
(2.8)

Below 2 °C

(2.7)

Delayed Transition

(13.6)

Nationally Determined Contributions

(5.2)

Current Policies

(5.5)

From the quantitative perspective, the overall impact estimates
derived from the integrated climate change stress test are considered
to be within Allianz’s risk tolerance, considering both the magnitude of
predicted losses and the time horizon over which they materialize.
Extending this analysis to a dynamic balance sheet view would further
support this assessment; for example, accounting for risk mitigating
management actions such as adaptation of derivatives hedging and
reinsurance programs, repricing of insurance products, or strategic
repositioning of investment and insurance portfolios. The approximate
estimates we carried out on the effectiveness of selected management
actions confirm this view.
Addressing the immediate effects of climate policy
implementation requires the incorporation of climate change-specific
measures. These include long-term strategies aimed at aligning
investment and insurance portfolios with climate policy targets, as
formulated in our transition plan, see the section “Transition plan &
strategy”. However, successfully managing an economic crisis that may
unfold as an indirect effect of climate policy implementation – e.g., in
the Delayed Transition scenario – necessitates having well-established
mitigation measures ready and operational, such as limiting or
hedging equity and corporate bond exposures, or effective asset
liability management.
We will continue to refine our climate change risk assessments in
line with the evolving understanding of assessment methodologies
and improving data availability and quality, while also accounting for
a shifting climatic and political baseline.

Conclusion
It is apparent from a review of the results of the qualitative risk
assessment and consideration of potential risk responses that while
some new mitigation measures (such as processes, controls, strategies)
tailored to climate change may be necessary, the current risk
management approaches are generally either adequate, or only
require smaller modifications. For example, with respect to propertycasualty underwriting, well-established techniques such as premium
adjustments, changes in coverages, exclusions, expansions, or revisions
to risk limits can all be effectively utilized. Despite this conclusion, the
consequences in areas where climate change is set to fundamentally
transform insurance markets are less predictable and require strategic
attention. Fundamental transformation includes aspects such as
coverage affordability, the shrinkage of existing markets, or the
emergence of new markets, as well as products or coverages
encompassing difficult-to-price risks (e.g., similar to industry
experience around the emergence of cyber insurance).
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Social matters

Tax transparency

The following section describes the impact of social matters on our
business activities and relationships, and the impact of the
Allianz Group´s activities and relationships on society. We describe the
concepts and achievements related to the management of these
impacts with a focus on social impact and responsible consumer/sales
policies.

Allianz is committed to having a positive social impact and helping to
deliver the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN
SDGs). For further information on our commitment to the UN SDGs,
please refer to the sections “01.4”, “01.5” and “04.4” in our Group
Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz company website. We
understand social impact as the effect that our global organization
has on the well-being of the community – from global society to local
communities where we live and work. This ambition is lived out through
our company purpose, our group-wide business strategy, and the local
efforts of our operating entities.
Our long-term approach as an investor and insurer is an
opportunity to offer measures that can mitigate future risks and shape
societies for generations; for example, through pension systems,
environmental and climate protection. As a global insurer, we uphold
the principle of solidarity. Pooling risks is part of our core business
model and we have a keen interest in supporting stable communities.
We have a role to play in enabling future generations and persons with
disabilities to overcome the economic and social impacts of social
risks.

At Allianz, we are continuously engaging in tax transparency. We
consider taxes to be a core component of corporate responsibility and
sustainability.
Our ambition is to take a responsible approach to the
management of taxes. We aim for being recognized as a compliant,
co-operative and reliable taxpayer in each country we operate. For a
comprehensive description of our approach see our Group Tax
Strategy on the Allianz company website.
In 2023, we have consolidated our tax transparency reporting
products while keeping the same level of information. We are
presenting our total tax contribution and our country-by-country
reporting now in our Sustainability Report along with other
information about current tax topics and developments.

Corporate citizenship
We are aware that our actions have the potential to influence the
future living conditions, employability and well-being of young people
and persons with disabilities and that our decisions play an integral
part in determining this future.
Allianz wants to shape its social impact in a meaningful and
lasting way. This social impact stems from both the nature of our
business and the effect that our global organization has on the wellbeing of the communities it is active in.
We view supporting and upskilling young people and persons
with disabilities to help them get into education and employability as
one way to contribute to SDGs, and in particular to SDG 8: Decent work
and economic growth.

Our ambition is shaped by our company purpose, “We secure
your future”, defined by our group-wide business strategy, and brought
to life through our employees and the local efforts of our operating
entities (OE) who actively implement our Corporate Citizenship
Strategy and strengthen its alignment with the SDG 8 but also with
SDG 17 via philanthropic initiatives, global partnerships and
volunteerism.
In 2021, we launched the Social Impact Fund (SIF) which supports
our OE’s strategic opportunities by focusing on creating measurable
impact through intersectoral partnerships.
On top of this social work and based on the lessons learned from
existing partnerships with the International Olympic Committee (IOC)
and the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) Allianz has further
developed a major global initiative: Move Now is a program that
prepares our focus groups for their professional future by offering
opportunities to move mentally and physically. It is an initiative that
OEs can run in the countries we operate in and an initiative which we
support financially with our SIF.
For MoveNow, the SIF picks up and leverages existing formats
from the partnerships with the IOC and the IPC. In 2023, it provided
resources for 18 local partnerships that focus on the goals of SDG 8. To
further support its local entities in setting their ambitions and
measuring and reporting on the impact of corporate citizenship
activities at a local level, Allianz has introduced the Allianz Social
Impact Measurement Framework.
For further information, please refer to section “04.4” in our Group
Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz company website.

Objectives and actions: societal impact
Topic

Objectives

Progress and actions 2023

Corporate citizenship strategy

Continue with the implementation of the new strategy and roll-out of the impact measurement
framework.

Integrated Social Impact Measurement Framework into data collection process to enhance inputoutput-outcome-impact (IOOI) reporting in support of local entities setting their ambitions and
measuring the impact of corporate citizenship activities.

Corporate citizenship activities

- Continue to contribute to society through corporate giving and employee volunteering in alignment
with our strategy.
- Identify and launch activities that would be supported through the Allianz Social Impact Fund.

Social Impact Fund supported 18 corporate citizenship programs led by operating entities (OEs) in
partnership with NGOs in delivery of social impact locally in alignment with global strategy.

79

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Responsible consumer/sales
Our strong reputation is built on the trust our customers, shareholders,
employees, and the general public place in our integrity. This trust
hinges on the quality of our products, information, and advice, and on
the personal conduct and capabilities of our sales employees and
representatives.
The Allianz Group Code of Conduct (CoC) is at the core of our
corporate culture. The Code emphasizes that fairness towards
customers and transparent communication about our products and
services – including their limitations – maximizes our opportunity to
earn the long-term trust of customers. This is expressed through our
Global Sales Compliance Framework program, which specifies
standardized processes and controls for communication, monitoring,
and review, and is regularly updated to reflect regulatory
developments.
The Allianz Standard for Sales Compliance aims to promote and
protect the interests of our customers. It is designed to ensure
transparency and the fair, honest, and responsible treatment of Allianz
customers in their purchase of our financial products and their
dealings with us. The Standard lays the foundation for a
comprehensive customer protection framework designed to ensure all
Allianz entities adhere to its prudential norms and robust protection. It
covers five key areas to address conduct risk: Product Oversight and
Governance, Incentives and Steering of Distributors, Standard of
Distribution, Sales Force Selection and Training, and Monitoring and
Reporting.
We use the globally recognized Net Promoter Score® (NPS) as our
key metric for measuring customer loyalty through customers’
willingness to recommend Allianz. In 2022, we switched to digital NPS
tracking. The digital NPS paradigm allows us to measure customer
loyalty continuously, eliminating seasonality and deepening our
understanding of customers’ sentiment. Additionally, the new
measurement sets higher standards for our operating entities, which
are measured against a broader set of competitors. This year, we
achieved a remarkable NPS of 59 % Loyalty Leadership across all our
business segments. This result exceeds our target (50 % loyalty leaders
by 2024) and reinforces our position as a trusted and preferred
insurance and financial service partner.

80

Our Voice of the Customer program applies a holistic and
standardized methodology to monitor and improve the customer
experience by collecting real-time qualitative and quantitative
feedback. Customers are invited to rate their satisfaction on a five-star
scale after their recent experience at predefined touch points along
five customer journeys. To this end, we map the main interactions a
customer has with Allianz along the following journeys: Sales &
Onboarding; Claims; Issue Resolution & Contract Management;
Renewal, Cancelation & Termination; and Outbound Communication.
If customers rate their experience with three stars or fewer, we follow
up with them to resolve the issue directly and gather more insights.
We use insights from Voice of the Customer and NPS to improve
our products, services, communications, and processes. We combine
and analyze sources of customer data in strict accordance with
applicable privacy laws to prioritize and implement structural
improvements. Local operating entities use customer feedback to
derive concrete actions.
Findings from the VoC and dNPS programs also help us design
the global Allianz experience for our customers. In 2023, we continued
our journey to co-create and scale one global Allianz customer
experience by developing additional initiatives. Firstly, we continued to
implement the Annual Policy Review initiative, which was launched in
November 2022, as a way to engage with customers and discuss their
insurance portfolio and current needs.
Secondly, we worked together with the Allianz Behavioral
Economics team to improve the policy renewal communication
template by providing customers with more clarity and transparency.
And thirdly, in June 2023, we launched a global Prewarning &
Prevention initiative, focused on helping customers prevent damage to
their property due to climate-related events. Working with climate
scientists and risk experts across the Group, we co-created the Global
Risk Assessment (GloRiA) tool and customer education assets, which
enable users to learn more about the Nat Cat risks associated with
their place of residence.
The Allianz Customer Model (ACM) is our end-to-end global
business model that puts the customer at the center of our business
and enables Allianz to be simple, digital, and scalable. Our ambition
is to simplify and harmonize our business globally.

Within this context, the Allianz Customer Model was designed first
for Retail Property and Casualty lines and then extended to Health,
Life, B2B2C, MidCorp, Large Corporate and Reinsurance.
Our target has been to continuously roll out the model across
Allianz operating entities. As of the second quarter of 2023, ACM has
been rolled out to 39 operating entities, comprising 99 % of gross
written premium (GWP) for our retail Property and Casualty business.
A tangible example of how the Allianz Customer Model is
transforming our business is our Master Products. A Master Product is
a template available in the Allianz Product Lab with streamlined
product elements that are linked to harmonized claims and pricing
values. Allianz OEs can configure Master Products to create the right
product for their market and make adaptations that are required by
regulation. So far, we have created 21 Property-Casualty Master
Products which cover more than 90 % of Property-Casualty GWP in our
OEs (excluding global lines). Harmonized Master Products allow us to
efficiently scale essential IT assets such as Quote & Buy and First
Notification of Loss in the Business Master Platform. This platform
digitalizes the business requirements of the ACM. It comprises
a combination of scalable technological elements, systems and
services plus functionalities and configurations, to better serve our
customers, intermediaries, partners, and employees.
This involves transforming the whole value chain across products,
sales, claims, and operations. Our aim is to continuously roll out the
model across Allianz OEs.
Rather than selling individual insurance products, our vision is to
evolve our products into full ecosystems and offer customers relevant
and trusted solutions. In addition, we are using the ACM to upgrade
customer journeys at the Group level.
Our approach to customer responsibility and compliance is
described in the section “04.3” of our Group Sustainability Report 2023
on the Allianz company website.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Cybersecurity
In this section, we describe the impact of cybersecurity on our business
activities and relationships, as well as the impact of the Allianz Group´s
activities and relationships with regard to IT topics. In addition, we
describe the concepts and achievements related to the management
of these impacts with a focus on information security, data privacy, and
data ethics.

Information security is the application of technologies, processes, and
controls to protect systems, networks, programs, devices, and data
from unauthorized access and against cyberattacks, and to meet
related regulatory requirements. Our dedicated Information Security
function aims to ensure the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of
information across the Allianz Group.
As a core business discipline, information security is managed
globally through a robust and mature governance framework aligned
with international standard ISO 27001. Our approach is closely
monitored by a dedicated Group Chief Information Security Officer
(CISO) function and the Allianz SE Board of Management. An
executive accountability regime supports the enforcement of the
governance framework for all entities.
The Allianz Information Security Governance Framework
comprises multiple layers of corporate rules and processes. An overall
policy establishes core principles, roles, and responsibilities, as well as
the Information Technology and Information Security organizational
framework within the Allianz Group.
The functional rules are complemented by detailed descriptions
of best practices to be followed across 16 defined topics to ensure the
“‘security by design”’ principle. Information security is regularly audited,
both internally and externally, and regular training is provided through
dedicated exercises across all layers of the organization.
To fulfill our commitment, cyber risk is assessed and tracked as
one of the top risks faced by Allianz and is closely managed along key
risk indicators covering security maturity, risk exposure, and security
operations across the Allianz Group. Performance against these
indicators is discussed, reviewed, and reported quarterly to the Board
of Management and Supervisory Board. Monitoring for cyber
incidents, and measures to prevent them from occurring, are
implemented at a global level and supplemented locally where
required, together with the local CISOs that exist in all Allianz
operating entities.

81

Specific actions to improve security controls are continuously
evaluated and developed with priorities assigned on a global, riskbased view that is informed by the current and expected threat
landscape. Actions to achieve our cyber risk targets focus on five key
risk areas: reducing the likelihood of incidents; increasing the
likelihood of detection; reducing damage from incidents; streamlining
compliance; and training/educating the organization to further
improve security awareness.
All employees are required to participate in cyber-awareness
training at least quarterly. This training includes activities like
simulated phishing e-mails, awareness campaigns, and dedicated
information security training, with the latter being offered regularly.
We also participate in industry and global/regional initiatives to
support the security of the internet ecosystem as a whole.
Further information on our commitment to information security is
described in the section “05.1.1” in our Group Sustainability Report
2023 on the Allianz company website.

Protecting personal data and maintaining trust in our processes are
key priorities. Our customers, employees, and other stakeholders
expect us to treat their data with the utmost care and we take this
responsibility extremely seriously. We are committed to the highest
standards to protect customer privacy and we work closely with other
stakeholders involved in the update and modernization of European
privacy legislation, including industry associations, members of
parliament, and authorities. We also strive to communicate honestly
and openly about actions that involve the personal data we process
by publishing privacy notices that explain who we are, how we collect,
share, and use personal data, and how individuals can exercise their
privacy rights.
Our group-wide privacy program ensures compliance with all
relevant data privacy laws and regulations. All data privacy matters
are overseen by Group Data Privacy.
The Allianz Privacy Standard (APS) is our global standard for data
privacy and the foundation of the Allianz Privacy Framework. As the
highest policy document in the Allianz Privacy Framework, the APS
defines rules and principles for collecting and processing personal
data, including the ten privacy principles that all employees must
respect wherever they are in the world:

1. Due care.
2. Data quality (purpose limitation, data minimization and storage
limitation).
3. Lawful basis (personal data is only processed if we have a lawful
basis to do so).
4. Transparency and openness towards employees and customers
on where personal data is stored and used.
5. Relationships with data processors (ensure organizations that
process personal data on our behalf adhere to our privacy
requirements).
6. Adequate protection of personal data when it is transferred.
7. Security and confidentiality (appropriate technical and
organizational security safeguards are in place to protect
personal data).
8. Timely reporting of personal data breaches.
9. Privacy by design and default.
10. Cooperation with data protection authorities.
In addition to the APS, our data protection authority has approved our
Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs), which allow Allianz Group
companies to lawfully transfer personal data from within the
European Economic Area to other jurisdictions, where it is required for
business purposes.
Our employees play a critical role in upholding our commitment
to protect personal data. To ensure all our employees have the
knowledge to properly use and safeguard personal data, they are
required to complete annual privacy training. This training covers the
Allianz Privacy Framework requirements in detail and provides a solid
foundational understanding of core privacy concepts and the proper
handling of personal data. For Privacy Experts, five-day Privacy Expert
Training is focused on providing Data Privacy Professionals and Data
Protection Officers with the practical knowledge to effectively conduct
their day-to-day activities. For Privacy Champions, two-day Privacy
Champion Training is focused on the practical knowledge and
exercises required for the Privacy Champion role to ensure data
protection compliance within the business.
As part of our Privacy Risk Management process, we identify and
manage privacy risks at the operational process level to ensure they
are measured, monitored, and mitigated across our core businesses.
Privacy Impact Assessments (PIAs) of processes that use personal
data – such as customer health data and employee data – enable the
early identification of privacy risks and ensure they are managed
appropriately. We also undertake case-by-case Transfer Impact
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Assessments (TIAs) for processes that transfer personal data from the
European Economic Area (EEA) to suppliers in third countries in order
to confirm an adequate level of data privacy is maintained. We
designed a TIA template in our privacy management platform, which
was rolled out to all our operating entities in the EEA to ensure such
assessments are conducted in a consistent, semi-automated way.
In committing to the highest standards of data protection, we
believe the maintenance of a state-of-the-art privacy program needs
to be supported by diligent and continuous monitoring and assurance
activities. Privacy reviews require every operating entity, global line,
and regional office to undergo a rigorous examination of the design,
implementation, and effectiveness of its local privacy program and
related process and controls. The frequency of these reviews is based
on risk, but they are carried out at least once every five years. As of the
end of 2023, we have conducted 22 privacy reviews, including joint
reviews with Information Security and peer Data Protection Officers
(DPOs). This is a 37 % increase compared to 2022 and concludes the
five-year privacy review cycle.
For further information on our commitment to data privacy,
please refer to the section “05.1.2” in our Group Sustainability Report
2023 on the Allianz company website.

Our aim is to maintain stakeholder trust and position Allianz as a
leader in conducting data-driven business in a trustworthy and ethical
manner. This includes elevating data ethics as well as selected data
and analytics-related topics in the governance and decision-making
processes of the Allianz Group.
We strive for a responsible use of artificial intelligence (AI) in our
business activities based on a strong AI Governance Framework. This
includes ensuring a human-centric approach in our usage of AI
systems. For each AI system, an appropriate level of human control
must be determined according to the inherent risks of harm for
individuals as part of a Privacy and Ethics Impact Assessment.
Ensuring compliance with current and upcoming regulations and
embedding best practices in anticipation of regulatory change are
also high priorities in fulfilling our data ethics commitments.
Following its establishment in 2021, the Data Advisory Board
(DAB) has continued its work to elevate and integrate data ethics into
governance and decision-making, as well as to support the positioning
of Allianz as both a leading insurer and investor in the data ethics
space and wider sustainability efforts. In 2023, the DAB monitored the
final implementation of the Allianz Practical Guidance for AI in OEs
that are members of the Renewal Agenda Committee.
Furthermore, emerging risks regarding generative AI have been
addressed by dedicated guidelines in further development of the

Allianz Practical Guidance for AI. Training led by Group Privacy and
Group Data Analytics has been expanded to target a broader
employee base as well as employees who develop and/or use AI in
applicable OEs.
For further information on our commitment to data ethics, please
refer to the section “05.1.3” in our Group Sustainability Report 2023 on
the Allianz company website.

We are constantly developing our solutions to enable customers to
manage cyber threats. As an example, Allianz (within its commercial
Property-Casualty products) has eradicated around 98 % of silent
cyber exposure, therefore providing clarity to customers on what is and
is not covered within the products. As an insurer, we combine policy and
service improvements to help businesses understand the need to
strengthen their controls. We continue to evolve cyber risk exposure
coverage across Property-Casualty policies spanning commercial,
corporate, and specialty insurance segments. The Cyber Underwriting
Strategy addresses exposures to cyber risks and is reviewed regularly
to ensure policies are updated and clarified in response to cyber risks.
For further information on cyber risk, please refer to the section
“05.1.4” in our Group Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz
company website.

Objectives and actions: cybersecurity
Topic

Objectives

Progress and actions 2023

Information security executive accountability

- Define and include information security targets for all responsible board members, including local
operating entities, to ensure appropriate focus on securing Allianz.
- Further upgrade targets and risk indicator monitoring, linking them to quantified risk exposure and
roll-out of global cyber risk management strategy.

- Target objectives for all operating entities included key information security risk indicators in
addition to targets for strategic programs related to information security.
- Additionally, a mechanism was devised to ensure a direct link between information security standing
and reward.

Data privacy and data ethics

- Ensure our Record of Processing Activities (RoPA) and Privacy Impact Assessments (PIAs) are
accurate and kept up-to-date.
- Deploy a rigorous training program for privacy professionals and privacy champions.
- Monitor final implementation of the AI Practical Guidance in all EU Renewal Agenda Committee
(RACo) operating entities.
- Develop guidance for generative AI usage.

- A self-assessment on the completeness and quality of RoPA and PIAs was conducted by all
operating entities and followed up with sample-based targeted reviews of 21 operating entities by
Group Data Privacy.
- Conducted 2 Privacy Expert Trainings and 4 Privacy Champion Trainings, attended by 33 and 203
participants respectively.
- Instituted a quarterly program to train relevant employees on the Practical Guidance for AI and
Guidance for Generative AI.
- Monitoring program and actions for final implementation of Practical Guidance for AI in EU RACo
OEs.

82

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Human rights matters
Allianz is committed to respecting and protecting international human
rights, and to ensuring that Allianz is not complicit in human rights
abuses.
The following section describes how we address human rights
risks in our business activities, own operations, and supply chain. The
Allianz Sustainability Board oversees human rights due diligence for
the Allianz Group, while Global Sustainability seeks to continuously
improve human rights related governance.

The human rights that Allianz is committed to respecting are those
agreed by governments in:
−

−

The International Bill of Human Rights: This consists of the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights; the International
Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights; and the
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and its two
Optional Protocols.
The core International Labor Organization (ILO) Conventions:
These include the prohibition of child labor and forced labor;
freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining;
occupational health and safety; and the elimination of
discrimination in respect of employment and occupation.

Allianz has been a member of the U.N. Global Compact (UNGC) since
2002 and uses the UNGC principles to guide its business activities.
These principles cover human rights, labor rights, environmental
protection, and anti-corruption. For further information on Allianz’s
Communication on Progress, please refer to the UNGC website.
Allianz aims to identify, prevent, mitigate, or remediate adverse
human rights impacts linked to our business activities and operations,
including in our supply chain. Our approach is guided by the OECD
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the U.N. Guiding
Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGP).

Human rights in our own operations and supply
chain

based in Germany and their “own business area”. The own business
area of Allianz SE (as the holding company of the Allianz Group)
encompasses all entities that are part of the Allianz System of
Governance, irrespective of location. Therefore, our GSCA risk
management covers all those Allianz entities and their suppliers
worldwide.
For further information, please refer to the Allianz Policy
Statement on Human Rights 1 on the Allianz company website.
As part of GSCA implementation, Allianz has implemented further
due diligence procedures that are appropriate to ensure that risks to
the human rights of people working for Allianz or for our suppliers, and
those whose human rights may otherwise be directly affected by the
economic activities of Allianz or its suppliers are minimized, and that
breaches are remedied promptly and adequately.
At the heart of our due diligence processes are annual and adhoc analyses of human rights risks in our own operations and supplier
base worldwide. If risks are identified, we take appropriate measures
to minimize them. If human rights violations are identified, we take
immediate remedial action to address those violations, in line with our
influence on respective suppliers.
Allianz SE publishes an annual human rights policy statement
and reports annually to the responsible regulator (Bundesamt für
Wirtschaft und Ausfuhrkontrolle) about our human rights due
diligence.
A Group Human Rights Officer was appointed in 2023 to monitor
the effectiveness of our risk management systems in our own
operations and supply chain worldwide.
For further information on our people and culture strategies,
please refer to the section “Employee matters” and the section “04.2”
in our Group Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz company
website.
The Allianz Group Code of Conduct reflects Allianz's values and
principles and gives our employees guidance in their actions and
decisions. At Allianz, we expect employees to support and adhere to
human rights in alignment with international standards. For further
information, please refer to the Allianz Group Code of Conduct on the
Allianz company website.

Further measures have been implemented to minimize risks to
relevant human rights and labor standards in our own operations.
These include:

due diligence approach on a wide range of human rights risks, including child labor, forced labor, and
slavery. Until further regulatory clarification, Allianz will continue to publish, on the Allianz company

website, an annual Modern Slavery Act Statement that complies with the relevant UK Act, even though
the content is also covered in the GSCA Policy Statement.

Allianz SE has been subject to the German Supply Chain Due Diligence
Act (GSCA) since 1 January 2023. GSCA applies to large companies
1_As part of its human rights due diligence under the German Supply Chain Act (GSCA), Allianz SE publishes
an annual Human Rights Policy Statement for the Allianz Group. This Statement covers our policies and

83

−
−

−

The protection of human rights has been enshrined in our internal
corporate rules, depending on local laws and requirements.
Anonymous feedback tools and surveys give our employees the
opportunity to evaluate issues such as workload, wages, and
diversity.
Extensive measures have been put in place to ensure the physical
safety of employees, as well as to improve their health and wellbeing.

We at Allianz expect all our suppliers to act with integrity and to
respect the rights of their own employees and other people who may
be affected by the supplier’s business activities. These expectations are
embedded in our Vendor Code of Conduct and Sustainable
Procurement Charter.
Allianz has established a worldwide complaints mechanism that
is open to Allianz employees, the employees of our suppliers, and other
people whose rights might be impacted by Allianz’s operations and
business activities.

Human rights in our business activities
As a corporate insurer and investor, our human rights due diligence
process forms part of our overall sustainability approach which is
integrated into our broader risk management system.
We use a combination of sector and country-specific approaches
to identify human rights risks.
Human rights-related due diligence has been integrated into all
sensitive business areas where relevant, to ensure that human rights
are part of the overall risk assessment for insurance and investments
in non-listed asset classes.
We maintain a mandatory referral list for sensitive countries
where systematic human rights violations occur. For business
transactions located in these countries, we carry out explicit due
diligence in accordance with our Human Rights Guideline that covers
various human rights violations.
When a human rights risk is identified by an underwriter or
investment manager, a mandatory referral process starts for further

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

due diligence by sustainability experts and the involvement of central
units such as the risk and communication departments.
Where an issue is detected and the (re)insurer/investor has
leverage, engagement is encouraged to address and mitigate a
potential human rights risk.
If no mitigation measures exist or if leverage cannot be increased,
and the risk is determined to be unacceptable, Allianz declines to
engage in the business transaction.
For further information, please refer to the Allianz Sustainability
Integration Framework and chapter “02” in our Sustainability Report
2023 on the Allianz company website.

Our ambition is to be the top employer in the financial services
industry globally. We work to attract top talent and support our
employees on their growth and development journey, delivering a
strong business impact and making a positive social contribution
wherever we operate.
To reach this ambition, we have based our People and Culture strategy
on three pillars:
1.

Objectives and actions: regulatory requirements
Topic

Objectives

Progress and actions 2023

German Supply
Chain Act

- Appropriate due diligence
processes for the own
operations and global
supply chain of Allianz SE,
with the objective to identify
and minimize human rights
risks and certain
environmental risks

-Risk analyses conducted in
own operations and supply
chain, using a risk-based
approach
- Group Human Rights Officer
monitored Allianz risk
management
- Human rights policy
statement published

2.

Employee matters
All employee matters are managed by the People and Culture function
at Allianz Group level and across all Allianz operating entities. The KPI
tables in the following sections anticipate future CSRD requirements
under ESRS S1 where applicable, indicated in the table name.

“We secure your future” is our corporate purpose and living up to it
starts with our 154,862 1 (see table “S1-6.1”) employees. Our Group
People and Culture strategy is based on fulfilling this purpose and on
our employer value proposition “We care for tomorrow”, staying true
to our brand promise of expressing confidence in tomorrow, and
putting our customers at the center of what we do. This is what drives
our decisions and actions and we do it in line with our people
attributes: Entrepreneurship, Customer & Market Excellence, Trust, and
Collaborative Leadership.

3.

The Employees and Candidates pillar includes all our strategic
priorities that enable us to attract top talents and to engage,
retain, and develop our employees. Strong employee
engagement is important to us, and we foster a culture and
working environment where people and performance matter. We
ensure lifelong learning and are committed to growing and
developing our people to be prepared for the future. Fair
remuneration as well as health and safety for our employees are
of utmost importance. Accordingly, we offer a broad range of
flexible work options.
The Business pillar includes our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
(DEI) engagement and Strategic Workforce Planning (SWP)
initiative, which fuel our business to deliver on Allianz’s strategic
goals. We are committed to strengthening diversity, equity, and
inclusion in the workplace by providing equal opportunities for
all, fostering gender balance, and embracing a diverse workforce
not only in terms of gender representation but also in terms of
generations, disability, nationalities, ethnicities, religious beliefs,
and LGBTQ+ identity. A diverse workforce enables us to better
understand and fulfill the needs of our equally diverse customer
base. Strategic Workforce Planning, on the other hand, aims to
understand workforce development in response to global
megatrends and how we can equip our workforce with the skills
they need for today and for the future.
The Brand and Society pillar displays the contribution our People
and Culture function makes to business and society and that we
create positive social impact. Our contribution is verified and
acknowledged by external certifications like Great Place to Work®
(GPTW) and EDGE as well as global rankings like Refinitiv.
Furthermore, we engage with the World Economic Forum, for
instance, as a member of the Good Work Alliance for a more
resilient, equitable, inclusive, and humane future of work. Our People

and Culture operations contribute to generating sustainable and
inclusive growth and help to deliver on U.N. Sustainable
Development Goal 8, “Decent work and Economic growth”.

Policies are instrumental in implementing our Group People and
Culture strategy. We consider our established Allianz Corporate Rules
as policies according to the ESRS’ policy definition. At Allianz, we are
committed to respecting the human rights outlined in the OECD
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the UN Guiding Principles on
Business and Human Rights, the principles and rights set out in the
eight fundamental conventions identified in the Declaration of the
International Labour Organization (ILO) on Fundamental Principles
and Rights at Work, and the International Bill of Human Rights.
Furthermore, Allianz explicitly supports the goal of observing and
implementing the fundamental rights of these external charters. For
further information, please refer to the section “Compliance/anticorruption and bribery matters”, the section “Collective bargaining and
social dialogue”, and the section “Human Rights in own workforce”.
The Allianz Group Code of Conduct reflects our values and
principles and thus guides our employees in their actions and
decisions. How we act, how we operate, and the decisions that we
make are focused on caring for each other and treating everyone fairly
and with respect. The Allianz Group Code of Conduct outlines the
importance of diversity, equity, and inclusion as well as the health and
safety of our employees and clearly commits to a zero-tolerance policy
toward discrimination, bullying, or harassment. For further information
on the Allianz Group Code of Conduct, please refer to the section
“Compliances/anti-corruption and bribery matters”.
The Allianz Standard for Human Resources (ASHR) establishes
core rules and principles for People and Culture management, and it
specifies the role of the respective Group People and Culture functions
including professional, organizational, and procedural requirements.
The People and Culture function is committed to these principles and
acts as a service provider for the business. The Standard applies to the
entire Allianz Group except Allianz Asset Management companies
which are covered by separate standards aligning the general
principles outlined in the ASHR. The following People and Culture
topics are covered by the ASHR: Learning and development and
performance management (for further information, please refer to the
section “Learning and development and performance management”)

1_Contracted headcount working in companies fully covered under global People and Culture reporting
standard. Contracted headcount working at consolidated Allianz Group operating entities: 157,883.

84

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

and health and safety (for further information, please refer to the subsection “Health and safety”). The ASHR is reviewed once a year and
considers interests of key stakeholders, particularly Allianz SE Group
centers. Material changes must be approved by the respective
Allianz SE Board Member in charge of People and Culture. The ASHR
will be reviewed in 2024 and updated due to the requirements of CSRD
and the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act, for instance.
The Allianz Group Remuneration Policy establishes the general
and specific basic principles of the remuneration system. It defines
processes related to performance evaluation, the remuneration
system (including remuneration plans), and corresponding roles and
responsibilities.
Compliance with the Group Remuneration Policy is mandatory
within the Allianz Group. The implementation of the policy is guided by
the principle of proportionality, taking into account the nature of
business, size, complexity, and regulation of the respective operating
entity. This principle of proportionality only applies to the “how” and
not to the “if” of the implementation.
The Group Remuneration Policy is reviewed once a year in
accordance with the regulatory requirements under Solvency II and

approved by the Allianz SE Board of Management. The review process
considers the interests of key stakeholders, particularly Allianz SE
Group centers.
Group People and Culture ensures consistent implementation
and application of the Group Remuneration Policy. Each operating
entity concerned is obliged to provide a Statement of Accountability to
the management of Allianz SE to confirm local implementation of the
Group Remuneration Policy. Both the ASHR and the Group
Remuneration Policy are published in the Allianz Corporate Rule Book.
Our Allianz Functional Guidelines for Diversity, Equity, and
Inclusion (DEI) describe our strategy, rationale, and principles for DEI.
They show which targets and ambitions we have set ourselves, and
how we implement and monitor those targets. In 2023, we published
an update that includes our 2024 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
targets and ambitions. The Guidelines are applicable to the entire
Allianz Group except Allianz Asset Management companies, which
have their own initiatives to promote equal opportunity. Our
Functional Guidelines for DEI describe our commitments to the U.N.
Women’s Empowerment Principles, the U.N. Free & Equal LGBTQ+
Standards of Conduct, and membership of the Valuable 500.

Our Allianz Global Anti-Harassment & Anti-Discrimination
Functional Guideline outlines our global zero-tolerance standard
against harassment (including but not limited to sexual harassment)
and discrimination. We encourage employees to speak up in line with
our open communication and feedback culture and to use the Allianz
Group's whistleblowing channels. For further information, please refer
to the section “Compliance/anti-corruption and bribery matters”. To
reflect important changes, both the Allianz Functional Guidelines for
DEI and the Anti-Harassment & Anti-Discrimination Functional
Guideline are updated by the respective departments and
subsequently approved by the Group People and Culture Officer.
All mentioned policies are reviewed once a year. If one of the
mentioned policies or single items within the policy are in conflict with
local law or regulations, the local law or regulations will prevail.
Beyond policies, it is crucial that targets and ambitions are
implemented according to our Group People and Culture strategy.
Table “S1-5” shows our targets as defined under CSRD as well as our
ambitions where relevant.

Overview of Employees matters, targets and ambitions (S1-5)

1st Strategic Pillar
Employees/
Candidates

Employee matters section

Employee matters sub-section

Targets and ambitions 20231

Achievements1

Targets and ambitions 20241

Engaging with our workforce

AES Survey

Inclusive Meritocracy Index (IMIX) and
Work Well Index+ (WWI +) development
against previous year and overall ambition
level.

81 % IMIX
76 % WWI +

Inclusive Meritocracy Index (IMIX) 75 % plus
and Work Well Index+ (WWI +)
development against previous year and
overall ambition level.

Learning and development and
performance management

Training and skills development

50.01 hours/employee

43 hours of learning on average per
employee p.a.

83.87 % of the Allianz executive2 population
with completed Personal Development Plan

80 % of the Allianz executive population
complete the Personal Development Plan
60 % of the Allianz non-executive population
complete the Personal Development Plan

Gender

Allianz Global Executives (AGE): 25.96 %
female
Allianz Senior Executives (ASE): 27.90 %
female
Allianz Executives (AE): 35.51 % female

Allianz Global Executives (AGE): 30 % female
Allianz Senior Executives (ASE): 30 % female
Allianz Executives (AE): 40 % female

Generations

34.31 % employees < 35 years old

At least 25 % of our global workforce is
younger than 35 years old

EDGE certification in the sub-section Fair
remuneration
Refinitiv in the subsection Diversity, equity,
and inclusion (DEI)

Secure Allianz’s position as DEI leader by
global rankings and through certifications

Performance management

2nd Strategic Pillar
Business

3rd Strategic Pillar
Brand and Society

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI)

80 % of the Allianz executive2 population
complete the Personal Development Plan

1_Allianz Asset Management companies do not apply the Allianz Global Grading System. They have their own initiatives to promote equal opportunity.
2_Liverpool Victoria General Insurance Group Limited, Guildford and Liverpool Victoria Insurance Company Limited, Guildford are excluded from Allianz UK's data due to grading data unavailability for PDP.

85

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Employee headcount1, broken down by gender (S1-6.1)

As of 31 December 2023, 154,862 employees hold a working contract
with Allianz (for more information on number of employees, please see
table “S1-6.1” and refer to the note 8.18 to the consolidated financial
statements). This contracted headcount figure is the basis for the
figures in the remainder of the section “Employee matters”.
The metrics in the section “Employee matters” are collected
centrally by Allianz Group People and Culture according to globally
defined standards. Their definitions are documented in our People and
Culture metrics definition handbook.
The split into the different business segments in tables “S1-6.2”
and “S1-6.4” reflects the Allianz Group structure and ensures
consistency throughout the report. For further information, please refer
to Business operations chapter. In addition, Germany as a country is
displayed separately in accordance with CSRD requirements as it
represents over 10 % of the total contracted headcount.
Table “S1-6.3” shows that the majority of our employees hold a
permanent contract. Temporary contracts are sometimes offered to
new employees before an offer of permanent employment is made, to
seasonal workers to meet customer demands, or to career entrants for
summer internships in some operating entities. A minor part of our
employees, for instance, those operating as medical professionals for
Allianz or working students, are non-guaranteed hours employees. The
majority of our active headcount are full-time employees, while some
employees use the flexibility that Allianz offers to work part-time. For
further information, please refer to the section “Work-life balance”.
1

Number of
employees
(headcount)

Employee headcount by contract type, broken down by gender
(S1-6.3)

As of 31 December
2023

Female

Male

Not
reported as
female or
male1

Number of
employees
(headcount)

80,949

73,884

29

154,862

1_Number of employees in Allianz’s companies fully covered under global People and Culture
reporting standard (which includes all companies in and related to the insurance, asset
management, and banking business). Contracted headcount working at consolidated Allianz
Group companies: 157,883.
2_Comprises non-binary and not reported.

Number of
permanent
employees
(headcount)

76,318

70,310

28

146,656

Number of
temporary
employees
(headcount)

4,631

3,574

1

8,206

Employee headcount in Allianz’s business segments and in countries
with at least 10 % of Allianz’s total number of employees (S1-6.2)

Number of nonguaranteed hours
employees
(headcount)2

As of 31 December 2023
Male

73,884

Female

80,949

Not reported as female or male2
Total employees

As of 31 December 2023

29
154,862

Number of
employees
(headcount)

German Speaking Countries and Central & Eastern Europe

35,595

Western & Southern Europe, Allianz Direct and Allianz Partners

40,286

Asia Pacific

15,887

USA

2,125

Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin America,
Middle East and Africa

25,648

Asset Management

6,999

Corporate and Other1

28,322

Total employees

154,862

thereof: Germany2

Total

56

27

-

83

Number of full-time
employees (active
headcount)3

62,826

68,929

29

131,784

Number of part-time
employees (active
headcount)3

14,774

3,802

-

18,576

1_Comprises non-binary and not reported.
2_Employees with a working contract but without a guaranteed number of working hours and thus
not having a guaranteed salary.
3_Full-time and part-time employees are calculated based on active headcount, excluding, e.g.,
employees on sabbatical leave, in military or civilian service, or on parental leave.

38,792

1_For further information on Corporate and Other (incl. Allianz Technology) figures, please refer
to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
2_Location of employees.

1_Number of employees in Allianz’s companies fully covered under global People and Culture reporting
standard (which includes all companies in and related to the insurance, asset management, and banking
business). Contracted headcount working at consolidated Allianz Group companies: 157,883.

86

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Employee headcount by contract type, broken down by business segment (S1-6.4)
Number of
employees
(headcount)

Number of
permanent
employees
(headcount)

Number of
temporary
employees
(headcount)

German Speaking Countries and Central & Eastern Europe

35,595

32,948

Western & Southern Europe, Allianz Direct and Allianz Partners

40,286

38,430

Asia Pacific

15,887

USA
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin America, Middle East and Africa

As of 31 December 2023

Number of nonguaranteed hours
employees
(headcount)1

Number of full-time
employees (active
headcount)

Number of part-time
employees (active
headcount)

2,647

-

26,478

7,222

1,856

68

33,299

5,825

14,003

1,884

1

15,120

598

2,125

2,117

8

-

2,097

20

25,648

24,941

707

8

22,539

2,563

Asset Management

6,999

6,673

326

-

6,506

365

Corporate and Other2

28,322

27,544

778

6

25,745

1,983

Total Group

154,862

146,656

8,206

83

131,784

18,576

38,792

35,533

3,259

9

28,805

7,948

thereof: Germany3

1_Non-guaranteed hours employees are employees with a working contract but without a guaranteed number of working hours and thus not having a guaranteed salary.
2_For further information on Corporate and Other (incl. Allianz Technology) figures, please refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
3_Location of employees.

Employee turnover (S1-6.5)
As of 31 December

2023

Total external leavers1

#

21,181

Employee turnover rate

%

13.97

Total external leavers1 excl. employees whose
temporary contract ends during the reporting
period

#

19,616

Employee turnover rate2 excl. employees whose
temporary contract ends during the reporting
period

%

12.94

2

1_Employees who left the company during the reporting period due to layoffs, (un)voluntary
leaving, retirement, death, and other.
2_The employee turnover rate is defined as the number of total external leavers divided by
average contracted headcount. The average contracted headcount is calculated over the four
quarters of the current year and the last quarter of the previous year. Hence, it is the sum of
contracted headcount of the four quarters of the current year and the last quarter of the previous
year divided by 5.

For further information, please refer to the section “Compliance/anticorruption and bribery matters”.

87

At Allianz, we are committed to respecting the human rights outlined
in the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the UN Guiding
Principles on Business and Human Rights, the principles and rights set
out in the eight fundamental conventions identified in the Declaration
of the International Labour Organization (ILO) on Fundamental
Principles and Rights at Work, and the International Bill of Human
Rights. For further information, please refer to the Allianz company
website.
Allianz SE, as the holding company of the Allianz Group, has been
subject to the Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz (German Supply
Chain Act (GSCA)) since January 2023. The GSCA requires us to
establish worldwide risk management systems concerning the human
rights of our own employees and the employees of our suppliers,
amongst others.
In our own operations, Allianz has established a risk management
system that is designed to identify, analyze, and prioritize risks to the
human rights of employees. Allianz will continue to further rollout and
strengthen these processes over the course of 2024.
Among protected rights listed in the GSCA, the risk categories that
are most relevant for our own operations are: occupational health and
safety, equal treatment (which includes DEI and equal pay), freedom
of association / collective bargaining, and adequate / living wages.

If risks are identified, we take preventive measures to mitigate
those risks. If violations are found, Allianz is legally obliged to remedy
them promptly. The effectiveness of measures is regularly reviewed.
Our risk management system also encompasses an annual
(public) Policy Statement on Human Rights, a global complaints
mechanism (SpeakUp@Allianz), independent monitoring through the
Group Human Rights Officer, and an annual (public) report to the
Federal Office for Economic Affairs and Export Control.

The section “1st Strategic Pillar: Employees and Candidates” outlines
the topics engaging with own workforce, learning and development
and performance management, fair remuneration, benefits, social
protection, health and safety, work-life balance, and collective
bargaining and social dialogue.

Engaging with own workforce
Listening and engaging with our employees are the cornerstones of
implementing our People and Culture strategy. The member of the
Board of Management responsible for People and Culture is
accountable for developing our framework for listening to employees
and steering activities to ensure progress towards implementation of
our ambition and reaching our ambitions. Operational responsibility is
assigned to the Global People and Culture Officer and Local Human
Resources Directors. Our employee listening framework consists of the
annual Allianz Engagement Survey (AES) and biannual Pulse surveys.
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

The AES is our well-established employee platform for gathering
employee feedback globally and has been in place since 2010. Our
two key indicators recorded with the survey are the Inclusive
Meritocracy Index (IMIX) and the Work Well Index+ (WWI +). The IMIX
measures our progress in building a culture where both people and
performance matter, meaning that we enable employees to unlock
their full potential. The IMIX score is derived out of a basket of ten
questions. In 2023, the IMIX increased by 2 percentage points to 81 %
(2022: 79 %). Improvements in our IMIX scores demonstrate that we are
making progress in the areas of leadership, performance, and
corporate culture.
The WWI + measures employee well-being. A higher index score
is associated with higher employee well-being. The WWI+ score rose
by + 5pp to 76 % (2022: 71 %). For further information, please refer to
the section “Health and safety”.
These positive 2023 results were achieved against the backdrop
of deteriorating scores of external global benchmarks. We consider
these good results to be a positive reflection of our ongoing follow-up
activity in the aftermath of the survey and our efforts to continuously
enhance the employee experience. Each Allianz entity thoroughly
analyzes its results to gain an in-depth insight and agree on effective
action plans with their teams. In addition, we expanded our global
Engagement Matters program in 2023. This initiative provides
frameworks of measures to increase employee engagement, offering
support to all entities in identifying initiatives to implement on a global
and local level in response to the feedback received. The focus areas
identified are connected locally and globally so that Allianz operating
entities can work on impactful measures.
The AES results are directly linked to the performance targets of
the Allianz Board of Management. We aim to achieve an IMIX score
above 75 % and WWI+ development against previous year and overall
ambition level in 2024.
Our global Pulse surveys constitute the second employee listening
channel. Pulse surveys took place in the first and second quarters of
2023 to check the impact of engagement plans and ask our
employees about focus topics including Sustainability, Health and
Safety, Personal Development and Risk Culture.
Our efforts in engaging with our employees have been
recognized with awards and certifications. In 2023, we proudly
achieved GPTW certifications at 43 entities across 26 countries,
marking a substantial leap from 15 entities certified in 2022. Allianz
also reached a commendable 82 % in the Trust Index and further
narrowed the gap to the 86 % score required for Top 25 World’s Best

88

Workplaces. Moving forward, our ambition is to increase the number
of GPTW-certified entities as well as the number of OEs on the
National Best Workplace lists.
For further information on our processes for engaging with our
workforce, please refer to the section “Collective bargaining and social
dialogue”.

Learning and development and performance
management
This section addresses the strategic sub-section Training and skills
development including Performance management.

Training and skills development
Learning and development is a key differentiator in the financial
services industry where customer need are constantly changing in
response to a rapidly evolving external context, as observed in various
industries. Our ambition is for employees to develop skills for today
and for the future to ensure Allianz is prepared for emerging trends
and opportunities and able to attract the best talent.
Allianz fosters personal, professional, and leadership skills, as well
as digital skills and technical expertise, and emphasizes the
development of EQ (emotional quotient, such as curiosity, resilience,
“we mentality”, and flexibility) as well as IQ (intelligence quotient, such
as digital and data, problem-solving and business, sustainability, and
leadership) skills. Allianz is committed globally to employee lifelong
learning and development.
To live up to this commitment, we offer global learning through
our global #learn initiative. We have set up programs targeted to key
areas, such as property and casualty, life and health, IT, strategy,
finance, sustainability, communications, market management, and
operations. Allianz operating entities have access to global and local
offers as part of their broader action plans to support employee
learning and development.
A special focus in 2023 was put on the topics of IT, data, and
artificial intelligence. We offered generative AI and ChatGPT training
to all managers with the aim of explaining the new technology to
Allianz leaders and in order to develop relevant use cases for Allianz.
More than a thousand managers took part in the training between
October and December 2023. Additionally, we held the inaugural
global Fit4IT day in 40 operating entities, covering approximately 85 %
of employees. Our employees were able to invest half a day in
upskilling, familiarizing themselves with various IT tools.

We are also proud of our Allianz Sustainability Training for all our
employees which covers the basics on sustainability – why it is
important and what Allianz is doing to integrate sustainability into our
business model – and offers inspiration on how employees can
contribute to a more sustainable future.
We employ a wide range of learning and development
approaches including on-the-job learning, mentoring and coaching,
classroom trainings, peer circles, and digital learning. We encourage
employee learning in all formats, and all are included in the learning
hours reported. The total hours reported in table “S1-13.1” thus include
self-directed learning (such as videos and podcasts) as well as other,
alternative, learning formats (such as coaching), which together
account for 32.08 % of total learning hours.
We have a strong focus on digital learning. Through our digital
learning ecosystem, employees are able to source learning both from
our AllianzU learning platform powered by Degreed and LinkedIn
Learning. Our internally developed global learning offers are
available in five languages and are available to all employees.
Learning consumption is measured globally on a monthly basis.
Developing our leaders is of the utmost importance to us. We run five
global programs every year to develop strong leaders:
−

−

−

−

−

#lead Ignite is targeted at new people leaders who qualify as
potential or new Allianz executives. It aims to equip them with the
knowledge, mindset, and skills needed to lead at Allianz.
#lead Empower develops the leadership capabilities needed for
leaders at the future and recently identified Allianz Senior
Executive level to make the transition from leading teams to
leading leaders and the business.
#lead Transform was created for future and recently appointed
top executives. The program is built around our core #lead
mindsets: curiosity, resilience, “we-mentality”, and flexibility.
#lead Accelerator prepares future and current board members for
leading the organization with strategic project work, board
exposure, peer coaching, and external insights.
#sheleads sets the standard for effective gender balance via
sponsorship, peer coaching, and learning sessions with our alumni
community. The program enables our female leaders to make
their next career move.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

In addition to the global programs, all leaders are encouraged to
obtain the Allianz Leadership Passport, which is the “license” to be a
people leader at Allianz globally. The program sets minimum
standards for all people leaders, with an equal focus on hard and soft
skills, for our leaders to balance IQ and EQ. After obtaining their
Leadership Passport, leaders must refresh their passports on a yearly
basis by undertaking further training. Monitoring and reporting on the
take up of the #lead passport as well as the five global programs is
managed globally by Group People and Culture. We monitor usage
and learning consumption on a monthly basis.
To achieve our commitment to employee lifelong learning, Allianz
set the global target of a yearly minimum average of 43 hours of
training per employee by 2024. In 2023, our employees learned on
average for 50.01 hours, as reported in table “S1-13.1”. Additionally, a
commitment to lifelong learning is included in the Board of Management
targets for 2024. To support strong performance in current and future
responsibilities, employee upskilling and development, we offer them
a minimum of one hour working time per week dedicated to training.
The training hours per employee metric is monitored on a
quarterly basis.

The framework for Performance Management is implemented
within the Allianz Group, documented in the Allianz Group
Remuneration Policy.
The global People and Culture template on our leading People
and Culture IT system enables the consistent application of the key
steps making up the performance management cycle. The template is
available to both the executive and non-executive employee
populations. Execution and outcomes of the Performance
Management process are subject to local legal regulations and
respective governance bodies, e.g., local or global Compensation
Committees.

2023

Average training hours1

50.01

Female

−

−

47.52

Male

52.67

Not reported as female or male2

69.99

1_Calculated as a ratio of total training hours divided by active headcount.
2_Comprises non-binary and not reported.

−

Performance management
At Allianz, we are committed to developing and growing our people,
including through performance management. Our performance
management aims both to enhance the employees’ individual
performance and to align their priorities with Allianz’s corporate
purpose and strategic business goals. Setting priorities properly and
conducting regular check-ins enables employees to let their full
potential unfold, which in turn helps Allianz achieve its business
ambitions. Performance management is an ongoing, continuous
process of communicating on-the-job priorities, performance
expectations, and development goals.

89

−

−

The key steps of the Performance Management Process at Allianz can
be described as follows:

Average training hours per employee, broken down by gender
(S1-13.1)
As of 31 December

target. The overall individual performance of an employee is
reflected in the Individual Performance Assessment.
Performance and Talent Dialogue is a calibration of an
employee’s individual performance on the basis of crosscomparison within the relevant population. This ensures the
application of consistent performance standards and an
appropriate level of differentiation with close attention to nondiscrimination of employees in any regard.
Communication of final Individual Performance Assessment is the
feedback discussion between the line manager and employee,
which normally takes place in 1Q of the following year and seeks
a common understanding of accomplishments and development
opportunities.

−

Priority setting is the initial kick-off of the annual performance
management cycle and refers to setting clear, transparent,
outcome-oriented, and flexible goals to be achieved throughout
the year while giving guidance on desired behaviors.
Mid-year check-in is the time to request and provide feedback for
the first half of the year. Line manager and employee reflect on
priorities and behaviors, and agree on joint measures to
continuously improve performance through development
opportunities on the job and off the job. Mid-year check-in is
supported by our Multi-Rater feedback process. The Multi-Rater
feedback is a tool for getting 360-degree feedback from
colleagues. It is mandatory for Allianz’s executive population,
whereas implementation for the non-executive population is subject
to the local rules and regulations of our operating entities. Based
on the “People Attributes”, Multi-Rater provides employees with
valuable insights into their strengths and developmental areas.
The Personal Development Plan (PDP) lays out the employee’s
yearly development goals. Employees are expected to agree with
their manager on their individual development measures, usually
during the mid-year review discussion. The PDP helps the employee
record and track progress towards their own development goals.
The 2023 target of 80 % PDP completion by the Allianz executive
population was achieved, as displayed in table “S1-13.2”. The
same target is set for 2024. For the Allianz non-executive
population, the 2024 target is a 60 % PDP completion rate.
Year-End-Review is the assessment of individual performance of
an employee by the line manager at the end of each year. The
assessment is based on a 3-point rating scale: below, at, or above

Allianz Executives and levels above3,4 (AE+) with a Personal
Development Plan (PDP), broken down by gender (S1-13.2)
in %

As of 31 December

2023

Executives with a PDP1

83.87

% of male executives with a PDP out of all male executives

83.31

% of female executives with a PDP out of all female executives

84.94

% of not reported as female or male executives with a PDP out of
all executives not reported as female or male2

-

1_Includes all executive positions (Allianz Global Executive Positions, Allianz Senior Executive
Positions, and Allianz Executive Positions).
2_Comprises non-binary and not reported.
3_Allianz Asset Management companies excluded from global reporting of AE and ASE cluster as
Allianz Global Grading System is not applicable to them.
4_Liverpool Victoria General Insurance Group Limited, Guildford and Liverpool Victoria Insurance
Company Limited, Guildford are excluded from Allianz UK's data due to grading data
unavailability for PDP.

Fair remuneration, benefits, and social protection
This section summarizes the topic of Adequate Wages and outlines the
strategic topic Fair remuneration. Furthermore, we will address the
topics Benefits and Social Protection.

Adequate wages
In accordance with the Allianz Group Remuneration Policy, internal
and external benchmarking is performed to ensure appropriateness
of (individual) remuneration and general pay levels. Allianz expects all
operating entities to follow the principles described in the
Allianz Group Remuneration Policy.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Fair remuneration
Allianz is committed to equity and fairness as defined in our
Allianz Group Code of Conduct. This includes ensuring Allianz
operating entities enforce equal pay for equal work in the same or
comparable roles for all genders. This principle is outlined in our
Allianz Group Remuneration Policy. An annual global equal pay
review across the organization identifies equal pay gaps which can be
mitigated with appropriate action.
In addition to equal pay, there is also a gender pay gap to be
considered. This consists of the difference in average remuneration
between men and women across a whole organization, irrespective of
role or seniority. If one gender is more represented in higher paid,
senior roles in one organization, for example, there will be a gender
pay gap. Allianz takes several actions to foster gender equity in
representation and thus close the gender pay gap. One important
action is the ambition to have higher female representation in senior
positions. To reach our gender representation targets, we monitor the
percentage of our female employees on a quarterly basis and
implement concrete actions towards target achievement. We also
foster best practice exchange among operating entities to drive
gender equality in representation (see also the section “Diversity,
Equity, and Inclusion (DEI)”).
To measure our progress towards equity and fairness and to
continue to move forward on our journey, in 2021 we launched the
EDGE (Economic Dividends for Gender Equality) certification process
for our insurance business segment and several global lines, currently
covering 73 % of the Allianz Group’s global headcount. EDGE is the
leading standard for diversity, equity, and inclusion and monitors
companies’ progress on gender equality against established criteria,
including equal pay. We are proud that Allianz has been recertified by
EDGE in 2023.

Benefits
Reward and recognition at Allianz go beyond remuneration. Allianz
also supports its employees around the world with attractive benefits.
This shows that we care about employees’ Health, Money, Career, and
Time and support them to find professional and personal fulfillment.

1_The following major exceptions apply: Unemployment benefits are not available for non-citizens in
Malaysia and Taiwan who are usually expats covered by their home countries’ social welfare benefits. In
a few countries, unemployment benefits are excluded in case of self-termination of work contract, for

90

Our Global Benefits Strategy for the insurance business is
structured around these four pillars. We introduced minimum
standards for benefits available to employees across Allianz in 1Q
2023, and we expect our global rebranding and communication
campaign to further increase the transparency and visibility of Allianz
benefits among employees in 2024.
Benefits take economic, environmental, and social factors into
account, and incentives are oriented towards creating long-term value
and financial protection. The Allianz Employee Share Purchase Plan
(ESPP) for instance offers employees Allianz shares at favorable
conditions in 43 countries, allowing them to benefit from the success of
the company and its long-term performance. As a token of
appreciation for meeting previous year Group targets, Allianz offered
one Allianz Free Share – or its cash equivalent in countries that do not
offer the ESPP – to employees globally in 2023.
For further information on employee benefits, please refer to our
People Fact Book 2023 and our Global recruiting homepage.

Social protection
We operate in countries where our employees have at least access to
social protection programs against loss of income due to major life
events: sickness, unemployment, employment injury, parental leave,
and retirement. In countries where social protection is not provided
through public social security schemes, we aim to close potential gaps
through additional offerings. Best practice examples are our entities in
the United States, where Allianz provides health insurance benefits, or
India, where we provide paternity, and carer leave options. 1

Health and safety
The health, safety, physical, and mental well-being of our employees is
a top priority. We aim to sustain and improve employee health and
well-being across our global workforce. Two key levers to achieve this
ambition are our Minimum Health Requirements and our
Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) Management system.
The four Minimum Health Requirements are:

1.

2.

3.

4.

Professional Support: Allianz offers employees 24/7 free of
charge access to professional psychological support through
Employee Assistance Programs.
Leadership Enablement: Allianz offers targeted health and wellbeing training for people leaders, through both the #lead
program and other platforms to ensure managers are equipped
with the knowledge to sustain employee health and well-being
as well as to strengthen resilience in their teams.
Employee Feedback: Employees have the opportunity to give
once a year feedback on their health and well-being through
global surveys, such as Pulse surveys. For further information,
please refer to the section “Engaging with own workforce”.
Focus Time: Meeting-free calendar days have been introduced to
provide most employees with time to focus on their work.

The four Minimum Health Requirements are reinforced by the
“Agreement on Guidelines concerning Work Related Stress and
Minimum Health Requirements” between the Allianz SE and the
(European) SE Works Council of Allianz SE. It applies to Allianz SE and its
subsidiaries with registered offices in the Member States of the E.U., the
contracting states of the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland. All best endeavors
will be made to adopt the minimum health requirements across the
Allianz Group, where national legislation does not prevent this.
The minimum health requirements were monitored regularly and
reported to both management and employee representatives once a
year, which shows our commitment to the well-being of our global
workforce.
To effectively manage OHS matters, most local Allianz entities
have furthermore implemented OHS management systems. They
include OHS risk and hazards assessments, dedicated action plans to
mitigate these risks as well as emergency actions. Internal inspections
take place frequently and progress in reducing and preventing health
issues and risks is assessed against targets on a regular basis. This
includes procedures to investigate work-related injuries, ill health,
diseases, and incidents. Our workforce is trained regularly to raise
awareness and reduce operational health and safety incidents.
The health and safety of our global workforce is measured via our
Work Well Index+ (WWI +) and other KPIs.

example in Croatia or in Türkiye. In Singapore and Hong Kong unemployment benefits are generally not
part of the social security system.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

−

−

Work Well Index+: To track well-being globally, we refer to the
WWI+ index, which monitors the progress of health and well-being
throughout the organization. We also use pulse check surveys to
check in with employees during the year. For further information,
please refer to the section “Engaging with own workforce”.
Regular monitoring of further health and safety indicators: Local
Employee Assistance Program providers perform quarterly
monitoring of additional indicators, which are reported to the
Allianz Board of Management on a semiannual basis. Finally,
CSRD-compliant KPIs, covering work-related injuries, ill health,
accidents, fatalities, and days lost (see table S1-14) are monitored
annually and serve as a point of reference for the health, safety,
and well-being of our global workforce.

Health and safety (S1-14)
As of 31 December

Unit

2023

Number of fatalities related to work-related
injuries/ill health

#

1

Number of recordable work-related accidents

#

847

Rate of recordable work-related accidents

Per one
million
work hours

3.71

Cases of recordable work-related ill health1

#

355

Number of days lost to work-related injuries/
fatalities/ accidents/ ill health1,2

#

16,665

1_The data of reporting unit Allianz Partners Service is not included in cases of recordable workrelated ill-health and number of days lost to work-related injuries/fatalities/accidents/ill health.
2_Globally, where national legislation or local culture/ norms do not prevent this.

Work-life balance
This section covers Flexible working options and the Family-related
leave topic.

Flexible working
Allianz offers a wide range of offerings. For us, hybrid working
combines the best of both worlds: the flexibility of mobile working with
the benefits of targeted collaboration and in-person connection.
Flexible work options are key for talent attraction and employee
engagement, while regular in-person touch points help us foster team
spirit, co-creation, and cross-team exchange.
Most of our employees across the globe have the opportunity to
spend a minimum of 40 % of their working hours working from outside
the office. Our global minimum offering provides a lot of
empowerment, trust, and flexibility to our local teams to decide what

91

works best for their customers, their business, and their teams. The
flexible work offerings therefore differ in our operating entities but for
all of them customer centricity and customer needs are the north star.
We track the actual employee time that was spent working
outside the Allianz offices on a biannual basis and collect employee
feedback in our AES survey. The survey results show that flexible work
has been one of the positive drivers for employee engagement in
2023.
For further information on further flexible work options, please
refer to our People Fact Book 2023 on the Allianz company website.

Family-related leave
Being a parent and caring for family members are important
responsibilities. Our Allianz employees deserve support in fulfilling
these roles and keeping a positive work-life balance. Allianz is
committed to supporting parents and families by offering childcare
facilities, leisure activities, emergency assistance, and other family
services. Family-related leave is specific to countries and usually covers
maternity leave, paternity leave, parental leave, and carers’ leave.
Allianz adheres to all statutory requirements in the countries we
operate in and aims to exceed those standards where possible and
appropriate.
Work-life balance metrics (S1-15)
In %

As of 31 December

2023

Employees entitled to take family-related leave (share of total
employees)

99.07

Employees that took family-related leave (share of entitled
employees)

8.56

Male (share of employees that took family-related leave)

32.78

Female (share of employees that took family-related leave)

67.06

Not reported as female or male (share of employees that took
family-related leave)1

0.16

1_Comprises non-binary and not reported.

Collective bargaining coverage and social
dialogue
We aim to ensure that employee rights are protected across all Allianz
operating entities. Allianz was one of the first companies to create panEuropean worker participation standards and to establish a European
SE Works Council under the legislation for Societas Europaea (SE)

companies (an agreement concerning the participation of employees
in Allianz SE).
Through this body and the regular dialogue between
management and employee representatives and their trade unions,
Allianz ensures effective representation of all its employees at
European level. Our (European) Works Council Executive Committee
is evidence that Allianz endorses the establishment of employee
representatives in its Group companies and welcomes their
cooperation with the trade unions.
Employee representation is widespread across Europe. The right
of workers to establish workers’ representative bodies and thus
negotiate working conditions is guaranteed by law in many
jurisdictions. The mandate of workers’ representatives and the role of
the employer in regard to collective bargaining and the social
dialogue is very much shaped by local legal requirements.
Allianz supports the principles enshrined in the ILO (International
Labour Organization) core conventions on freedom of association and
collective bargaining. In countries where those principles have been
enshrined in local law, we fully respect and implement local rules on
trade unions and worker representation. In countries that have not
ratified the relevant ILO conventions, we respect the primacy of local
laws and look for ways to allow our employees to organize and voice
their interests vis-à-vis management. Globally, the percentage of
Allianz’s workforce covered by collective bargaining agreements is
48.46 %.
According to CSRD reporting requirements, "coverage" includes
the number of employees to whom the companies concerned are
obliged to apply the collective agreements. Irrespective of the
obligation, there are a large number of companies that apply the
collective agreements and provisions on a voluntary basis.
We work closely with employee representatives (members of the
(European) SE Works Council’s Executive Committee and employee
representatives on the supervisory board of Allianz SE) to support
change implementation, manage impacts on employees, and
promote opportunities. The “social dialogue” is our pan-European
forum that has existed for over a decade. It supports the progress of
our business strategy, our agenda, and our response to the increased
pace of change in topics such as the digital revolution. Discussions in
2023 included the Strategic Workforce Planning program.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue (S1-8)
Collective Bargaining Coverage
Coverage
Rate
0-19 %
20-39 %

Social Dialogue

Employees - EEA

Employees Non-EEA2

Workplace
representation
(EEA only)1

-

Corporate and
Other3

-

-

Asia Pacific

-

-

Global Insurance
Lines & Anglo
Markets, Iberia &
Latin America,
Middle East and
Africa

-

-

Germany4

1

40-59 %

60-79 %

Germany4

80-100 %

-

including gender, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity, nationality,
physical or mental abilities, religious beliefs, or social background.
At Allianz, we want to achieve our targets and ambitions for our DEI
dimensions in a sustainable manner. The key to this is an inclusive
workplace environment. We have multiple actions in place to
strengthen our inclusive workplace environment, such as:

with the most diverse and inclusive workplaces. In 2023, Allianz was
ranked #1 in the Insurance industry and #1 in Germany across all
industries. Our reputation as a DEI leader strengthens Allianz’s brand
as a trusted provider of financial services.
For further information on DEI targets and ambitions, see our DEI
Booklet 2023 on the Allianz company website.

Gender
−

-

1_For countries with at least 10 % of Allianz's total number of employees.
2_For business segments with at least 10 % of Allianz's total number of employees.
3_For further information on Corporate and Other (incl. Allianz Technology) figures, please refer
to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
4_Location of employees.

−

This section outlines the two strategic sub-sections Diversity, Equity,
and Inclusion (DEI), focusing on Gender and Age distribution, and
Persons with disabilities. We further describe the Strategic Workforce
Planning topic.

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI)
Diversity is a core element of our culture. Our customers are diverse,
and in order to best understand and serve them, our workforce needs
to be diverse, too. We believe that diverse teams create better results,
show higher resilience, and are more innovative and more productive,
provided they can act in an environment where everyone can be
themselves and unique views are appreciated. Being both diverse and
inclusive has a positive impact on our business.
We are committed to strengthening inclusion in our workplace, by
ensuring equal opportunities for all, and shaping a diverse workforce
along five DEI dimensions: gender, people with disabilities,
nationalities/ethnicities, generations, and LGBTQ+. With our Allianz
Functional Guidelines for DEI and our Anti-Harassment & AntiDiscrimination Functional Guideline, we aim to ensure that across our
operating entities and functions there is no discrimination for reasons

−

Global Inclusion Council: Our Global Inclusion Council (GIC) sets
the DEI strategy and plays a crucial role in driving initiatives to
achieve our targets and ambitions, in integrating DEI into the
business and monitoring progress. The GIC has been in place since
2007 and consists of more than 20 Allianz senior managers from
operating entities, Allianz Group Center representatives, and the
leads of our five global employee networks for DEI which leads to
81 local network chapters.
DEI Employee Networks: Employee networks enable us to engage
with our employees. They help us to raise awareness, support
employees, advocate for change, and shape the agenda for DEI.
We have five global employee networks: “Allianz NEO” for gender
inclusion, “Allianz Beyond” for disability inclusion, “Allianz GRACE”
for ethnicity and cultural inclusion, “Allianz Engage” for
generational inclusion, and “Allianz Pride” for LGBTQ+ inclusion.
15 new networks operating locally were added in 2023.
DEI as part of daily business – Mentoring Campaign: At Allianz,
DEI is integrated into the way we conduct business. Our global
Mentoring Campaign #KeepExploring, which took place
throughout 2023, championed an intersectional approach
featuring personal experiences of employees presenting more
than one diversity dimension, e.g. combining different generations
with nationalities, and/or genders.

Global People and Culture monitor the development of our targets
and ambitions on a regular basis and report progress to the Allianz
Board of Management on a semi-annual basis (for gender, this is done
on a quarterly basis). Additionally, we support operating entities in
setting up their individual local action plans to reach DEI targets and
foster best practice exchange.
The achievements of our DEI strategy are recognized by external
global awards and rankings. For example, Refinitiv – a global Diversity
and Inclusion Index – identifies the top 100 publicly traded companies

At Allianz, we have already attained overall numerical gender parity
in our workforce with 80,949 female and 73,884 male employees. We
are committed to equal opportunities for all, regardless of gender, and
put measures in place to see this reflected in the staffing of leadership
positions. As outlined in our Allianz Functional Guidelines for DEI 1, our
2024 targets are to have 30 % women in Allianz Global Executive
positions, and 30 % women in Allianz Senior Executive positions. In
addition, we aim to have 40 % women in Allianz Executive positions
and 50 % women in our talent pools. For further information, please
refer to section the “Fair remuneration”. Allianz NEO, our employee
network for gender inclusion currently has 20 local networks in place.
Allianz NEO focuses on helping to find concrete improvement
opportunities, creating dialogue and allyship, and endorsing new
perspectives and novel working models for both women and men.

Generations
With five different generations currently working together at Allianz,
we are committed to leveraging the combined strengths, individual
skills, and experiences of all generations. We aim to have a balanced
generational representation, where GenZ and GenY (employees
under 35) represent at least 25 % of our global workforce. As of the end
of 2023, 34.31 % of our global workforce (see table S1-9.2) is younger
than 35, which ensures a balanced generational representation.
Our efforts for age inclusion are strongly supported by Allianz Engage,
our employee network for generational diversity with 11 local networks in
place. Through Allianz Engage, our employees are invited to proactively
contribute to a company culture where the knowledge of all generations is
called upon, for example, through mentoring. In the Allianz Group, we have
more than 700 mutual mentoring arrangements in place, allowing people
from different generations to enter into mentoring partnerships to connect
and to share knowledge, experiences, skills and perspectives in a genuine
learning exchange beneficial for everyone involved.

1_The Guidelines including any targets stated therein do not apply to Allianz Asset Management
companies, which have their own initiatives to promote equal opportunity.

92

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (S1-9.1)
As of 31 December
Gender distribution

Age distribution (S1-9.2)
As of 31 December

2023
#

%

-

-

2023
#

%

Age distribution1

12

-

Share of employees < 30 years old

28,757

19.13

Male

7

58.33

Share of employees 30-50 years old

82,598

54.93

Female

5

41.67

Share of employees > 50 years old

39,004

25.94

Not reported as female or male1

-

-

Share of employees < 35 years old

51,595

34.31

in Allianz SE Board of Management

9

-

Male

6

66.67

Female

3

33.33

1_Age distribution is calculated based on active headcount, excluding, e.g., employees with a
dormant employment relationship (for example due to sabbatical leave, in military or civilian
service, or on parental leave).

Not reported as female or male1

-

-

in Allianz SE Supervisory Board

in Executive positions (top management)2

6,788

-

Male

4,461

65.72

Female

2,327

34.28

-

-

Not reported as female or male1
in Allianz Global Executive (AGE) positions

235

3.46

Male

174

74.04

Female

61

25.96

Not reported as female or male1

-

-

803

11.83

Male

579

72.10

Female

224

27.90

in Allianz Senior Executive (ASE) positions3

Not reported as female or male1

-

-

in Allianz Executive (AE) positions3

5,750

84.71

Male

3,708

64.49

Female

2,042

35.51

-

-

Not reported as female or male1

1_Comprises non-binary and not reported.
2_Includes all executive positions (Allianz Global Executive Positions, Allianz Senior Executive
Positions, and Allianz Executive Positions).
3_Allianz Asset Management companies excluded from global reporting of AE and ASE cluster as
Allianz Global Grading System is not applicable to them.

93

Persons with disabilities
Allianz Functional Guidelines for DEI explicitly outline that we
prioritize the well-being of all our employees and work hard to ensure
that our processes and workplaces are equally accessible to everyone,
irrespective of their disability status.
Allianz Beyond, our employee network for disability inclusion,
currently has 12 local networks in place, with three local networks
launched in 2023. It focuses on raising awareness of disability inclusion,
identifying ways to make Allianz more accessible (physically and
digitally). It also aims at creating a safe space for employees to
disclose their disability and voice their workplace assistance needs in
order to perform at their best. And it promotes Allianz externally as an
attractive employer for people with disabilities.
Allianz has been a Valuable 500 member since 2020 and is
committed to increasing transparency on disabilities in the corporate
landscape through increased disclosure. As an Iconic Leader, Allianz
played a crucial role in the identification and definition of five Valuable
500 Disability Inclusion KPIs. These were announced at the World
Economic Forum in 2023 and cover five dimensions: Workforce
Representation, Goals, Training, Employee Resource Groups, and
Digital Accessibility. Allianz reports on the Valuable 500 Disability
Inclusion KPIs in our DEI Booklet 2023 on the Allianz company website
and is working with Valuable 500 to secure commitment from other
members to disclose Disability Inclusion KPIs and ultimately grant
people with disabilities more equity in the workplace.
Allianz has been a trusted partner of the Paralympic Movement
since 2006 and became the first international partner of the
International Paralympics Committee (IPC) in 2011. Through our
continuous support, we recognize the athleticism and professionalism
of Paralympians. Our efforts have a positive impact on career

opportunities for people with disabilities, including through career fairs
for Paralympic and Olympic athletes, with tangible results, leading to
the hiring of 27 Paralympians and Olympians. For further information,
see also our People Fact Book 2023 on the Allianz company website.
Allianz is committed to strengthening its inclusive workplace
culture for its entire global workforce, including employees with
disabilities. For more details regarding our local ambitions, please see
our DEI Booklet 2023 on the Allianz company website.

Strategic Workforce Planning
Allianz has implemented Strategic Workforce Planning (SWP) to
create transparency on upcoming workforce developments. SWP
compares workforce supply by cluster of job profiles (called Talent
Segments) against projected workforce demand over the next five
years. At Allianz, this is a structured yearly process that is integrated
into the annual planning cycle. The result goes far beyond providing
transparency on possible recruiting gaps. We are able to steer the mix
of roles that we need in our workforce in order to implement Allianz
strategies and fulfil our future vision. SWP provides a quantitative
assessment of the resources required for ongoing transformations and
indicates how our workforce can be equipped with the skills they need
to remain employable in the future.
This global transparency allows us to decide what to focus our
work on and customize solutions for up- and reskilling as well as
retention and recruiting. SWP currently covers approximately 85 % of
our 2023 employee population. Global monitoring and steering using
SWP KPIs ensures the implementation of Strategic Workforce
Planning and maximizes its value within the business functions.

Good working conditions along with equal treatment and equal
opportunities for all are the basis for the CSRD convergence approach
discussed in this Employee matters section. These subjects are an
integral part of our brand value and societal commitments, as
reflected in our ratings.
Our positive social impact is verified and acknowledged by
external certifications and global rankings (for further information,
please refer to Great Place to Work certification in the section
“Processes to engage with own workforce”, EDGE certification in the
section “Fair remuneration”, and Refinitiv in the section “Diversity,
equity, and inclusion (DEI)”). Beyond certifications and rankings, Allianz
is a member of the Valuable 500 and a trusted partner of the
International Paralympics Committee (for further information, please
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

refer to section “Persons with disabilities”). Allianz is a member of the
World Economic Forum Good Work Alliance; for more information,
please refer to the Good Work Alliance website. We are committed to
human rights (for further information, please refer to the section
“Human Rights in own workforce”), the U.N. Charter, U.N. SDGs, as well
as our external certifications, rankings, and partnerships.
For further information on our social positioning, please refer to
section “Corporate Citizenship”.

Compliance/anti-corruption and
bribery matters
This section describes the impact of ethics, responsible business, and
compliance matters on the Allianz Group´s activities. Further, it
describes the impact of the Allianz Group´s activities and relationships
on compliance. The concepts and achievements related to the
management of these impacts are described with a focus on the
compliance management system, anti-corruption, and bribery
matters. All compliance matters are overseen by Allianz Group
Compliance.

Our Compliance Management System helps to ensure compliance
with applicable laws and regulations, and to promote a culture of
integrity in order to safeguard the company's reputation. We take a
proactive stance, working with organizations such as the Global
Insurance Chief Compliance Officers Forum to enhance our
understanding of compliance issues and to share best practices.
In 2021, the Compliance Assurance of Risks and Effectiveness
(CARE) program was initiated. In 2023, the Compliance Function
continued to develop the way it assesses Group and local Compliance
departments. Review procedures have been expanded to confirm
adequate compliance scope, ensure adequate skills to meet the scope,
and confirm compliance with global programs and local specificities.
While CARE is primarily a challenged self-assessment exercise, it is
reinforced with Compliance Reviews of operating entities that are
completed and coordinated by Allianz Group Compliance.
Compliance Reviews are completed on a risk-based, three-yearly
cycle.
Compliance Reviews are supplemented by Targeted Reviews,
which assess the implementation status and effectiveness of individual
programs such as Antitrust and Sales Compliance. This multi-faceted

94

review and confirmation strategy has several benefits. First, operating
entities are monitored more frequently and are engaged in more
holistic assurance activities. Second, frequent interactions with
operating entities provide additional opportunities to monitor, guide,
and – if necessary – enforce remedial activities. Finally, people can
learn from local and Group best practices, which further reinforces our
compliance culture.
An online compliance management tool provides an overview of
issues detected during the above activities. Users are required to use
the tool to report and document actions taken to mitigate and follow
up on any issues identified.
The information gathered is the primary basis of reports to the
Group Board and the Allianz SE Supervisory Board’s Audit Committee.
An Integrity Committee is chaired by Allianz Group Compliance. This
committee reviews all activities and issues related to misconduct
and/or violations of internal/external rules and regulations, and the
Allianz Group Code of Conduct infractions, including reports of actions
to follow up on whistleblowing cases.
As part of our Global Compliance Program, we follow
international standards and applicable laws in relation to corruption
and bribery, money laundering and terrorism financing, trade and
financial sanctions, capital markets, data privacy, customer protection,
antitrust, and other relevant compliance risk areas. We thoroughly
investigate allegations of violations of laws as well as of breaches of
Allianz-specific rules.
The Allianz Group Code of Conduct outlines the basic principles
and values that guide the everyday decisions and conduct of all
employees. The current version of the Allianz Group Code of Conduct
was approved by the Allianz SE Board of Management in 2020. New
joiners at Allianz are informed of their obligation to adhere to the
Allianz Group Code of Conduct. The key principles addressed by the
Allianz Group Code of Conduct and the accompanying training are
mutual respect, integrity, transparency, and responsibility.
Allianz has zero tolerance of fraud. We are committed to
complying with all applicable anti-fraud, anti-bribery, and anticorruption laws and regulations in all jurisdictions in which we operate.
Zero tolerance applies regardless of who benefits from the fraud –
Allianz as a company, other internal parties (employees, tied agents,
intermediaries) or any third parties acting on behalf of Allianz. To
protect against fraud, we will take prompt and appropriate action
where necessary – against employees, others acting on behalf of
Allianz or third parties. This includes appropriately protecting customer
and third-party data.

Similarly, Allianz does not tolerate bribery and corruption.
Employees are strictly prohibited from directly or indirectly offering,
requesting, accepting, providing, paying, soliciting, promising,
authorizing or receiving anything of value (anything monetary or nonmonetary that provides a benefit of any kind) to or from any public
official or anyone in the private sector in order to obtain or retain
business or gain an improper personal or business advantage.
Anti-corruption training must be provided at least once every
three years to all employees.
Employees are encouraged to report concerns and have multiple
channels for doing so. These include via management, speaking
directly with Allianz Group Compliance, by e-mail, and anonymously
via a third-party solution provided by Business Keeper GmbH and
accessible via the intranet.
The same tool is also accessible to external parties on the Allianz
company website. Some operating entities provide employees with the
option to report via an ombudsman.
All reported incidents are assessed, documented, and managed
according to internal guidelines and with strict confidentiality. The
Allianz Group has specific procedures in place to ensure that no
retaliation measures are taken against whistleblowers; reflecting our
commitment to enable a healthy SpeakUp culture within the company.
Retaliation measures are not accepted in any form.
Group Compliance runs an annual awareness campaign to
remind employees of the avenues available for reporting.
Objectives and actions: compliance/anti-corruption and bribery
matters
Topic

Objectives

Progress and actions 2023

Compliance

Continue to enhance the
effectiveness of local
compliance organizations by
enriching our compliance
reviews, to further bolster
the governance and
processes of underlying
compliance organizations
across our OEs.

2023 Compliance Review
Plan executed.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

EU Taxonomy Regulation
The EU Taxonomy Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2020/852) is a “green”
classification system that translates the EU’s environmental objectives
into criteria for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as
environmentally sustainable and the degree to which an investment is
environmentally sustainable. The EU Taxonomy Regulation came into
effect in 2020 and Allianz is reporting Taxonomy-eligibility for the third
year in a row; however, Taxonomy-alignment is reported from the
financial year 2023 onwards (described subsequently) only. The EU
Taxonomy Regulation intends to provide increased transparency for
stakeholders.
On 21 December 2023, the EU Commission published a guidance
on Art. 8 EU Taxonomy Regulation. The document was assessed by
Allianz but could not be fully considered for the 2023 reporting. 1
Details about the implemented changes can be found in the
respective subchapters.

Allianz’s approach to Sustainable Solutions in the
Property and Casualty insurance business
We are regarding the EU Taxonomy Regulation in the broader context
of sustainable insurance solutions and are consequently reporting on
it in combination with our Sustainable Solutions framework.
It is an integral part of our strategy to not only insure our
customers against risks, but also to support them in their challenges of
a world which is about to transition to a more sustainable way of living
and doing business. We aim to create real world impact through our
business activities and contribute to ESG objectives based on science
and in line with regulatory requirements and international
agreements. This is based on the understanding that propertycasualty (P&C) insurance can support multiple ESG objectives beyond
climate change adaptation. The role of the insurance industry is not
limited to the classic role as risk managers but goes beyond and
includes the public expectations to accelerate a fair and just transition
of economies and societies.
Therefore, we have established a comprehensive framework for
Allianz Sustainable Solutions, including guidelines, screening criteria

1_Draft Commission Notice on the interpretation and implementation of certain legal provisions of the
Disclosures Delegated Act under Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation on the reporting of Taxonomyeligible and Taxonomy-aligned economic activities and assets (21 December 2023).

95

and definitions, a certification grid, governance, and defined processes
to safeguard us against greenwashing risks, provide strategic
guidance to explore business opportunities, and take corporate
responsibility for our planet.
Under the Allianz Sustainable Solutions framework, the Technical
Screening Criteria (Annex 2, 10.1, Commission Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2021/2139) (Climate Delegated Act) supplementing the EU
Taxonomy Regulation) serve as minimum requirements to qualify
products as sustainable. Simultaneously, the Technical Screening
Criteria are used as guidance for our product development with the
objective to increase the resilience of our insurance activities and
support our customers in building adaptive capacity.
In 2023, the first year of Taxonomy-alignment reporting, we have
been focusing on screening our existing product portfolio, identifying
gaps, working on immediate actions to close gaps in existing products,
and have started developing and implementing further new
Taxonomy-aligned products.

EU Taxonomy Regulation for non-life insurance
business: Underwriting of climate-related perils
For non-life insurance activities, the Climate Delegated Act has
established “climate change adaptation” as (the only) potential
substantial contribution to environmental objectives as laid out in the
EU Taxonomy Regulation.
The Climate Delegated Act and the Technical Screening Criteria
set forth therein predominantly expect insurance activities to
adequately reflect climate-related risks and support customers and
society in building resilience against the adverse effects of climate
change. It consequently reflects the traditional role of the insurance
industry as risk manager. Only the “do no significant harm” and
“minimum safeguards” criteria set additional requirements for
Taxonomy-alignment beyond the contribution to climate change
adaptation.
The EU Taxonomy Regulation does not impose business
restrictions or material requirements for insurance activities but
introduces disclosure obligations for the insurance Lines of Business
(LoBs) in scope. The disclosure of the proportion of Taxonomy-aligned
revenues allows for the comparison of companies and investment
portfolios, to channel capital flows towards Sustainable Investments. 2

EU Taxonomy-eligibility
The eight LoBs of non-life insurance laid down in the Technical
Screening Criteria are in scope of the EU Taxonomy Regulation
(“Taxonomy-eligible”), as the insurance products sold under these LoBs
have the potential to contribute to climate change adaptation. We
define all P&C LoBs laid down in Annex 2 section 10.1 of the Climate
Delegated as eligible and they have been included in the Taxonomyalignment screening. The template “Taxonomy KPIs for non-life
underwriting” below also includes our Taxonomy-eligible and
Taxonomy-non-eligible proportions for financial year 2022. Since
Taxonomy-alignment has been assessed for the first time by Allianz for
financial year 2023, the 2022 figures are not applicable for these lines
and marked as such.

EU Taxonomy-alignment
Taxonomy-alignment of an activity goes beyond Taxonomy-eligibility.
For non-life insurance business, it implies that the insurance activity
substantially contributes to climate change adaptation, does not
significantly harm the environmental objective of climate change
mitigation, is carried out in compliance with the minimum safeguards,
and complies with the Technical Screening Criteria. We have screened
our entire eligible non-life insurance portfolio under the Article 3
Taxonomy Regulation and the Technical Screening Criteria and are
reporting accordingly.
It is in the nature of new regulations that not all details are
specified, and a common understanding and application needs to be
developed across markets to achieve consistency and comparability.
In order to ensure a consistent application across all Allianz entities, we
have developed internal guidelines and also taken a conservative
approach, where screening criteria left room for interpretation. The
following illustrates those aspects that we deem to be the most
important and challenging:

2_Further information on Sustainable Investments can be found in section “02.2” of the Group Sustainability
Report 2023 on the Allianz company website.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Leadership in modeling and pricing of climate risks
State-of-the-art modelling techniques (1.1): Assessing and pricing risks
adequately is key for a sustainable and resilient insurance operation.
The Allianz approach to state-of-the-art pricing is the Technical Price
System as part of our Technical Excellence initiative. In the existing
Technical Price Certification (TPC), portfolios are screened on a regular
basis across the Allianz Group. A successful TPC requires (but is not
limited to), that the technical price is available at policy level. This
includes the best estimate of all future, expected costs of the risk
(including the expected ultimate loss) as a forward-looking scenario.
Both output from hazard mapping and NatCat risk models are
included in expected claims costs. Where and to the extent that a
portfolio meets our internal TPC requirements, we have concluded
that predicted costs of climate related hazards are properly reflected
in the Technical Price at best estimate.
Provide incentives for risk reduction (1.3): This criterion is based on
the fundamental understanding, that the insurer should protect itself
and set incentives for customers to protect themselves or their assets,
against the adverse effects of climate change. Therefore, it is
necessary, however sufficient, if the climate-related exposure is
considered in pricing as a price signal of risk (e.g., hazard zones) or in
terms and conditions such as deductibles or limits, that serve as a
differentiator for respective exposures.

Product design
Risk-based rewards for preventive actions taken by policyholders (2.1):
The regulator expects an insurance product to include risk-based
rewards for customers to take preventive actions in order to protect
themselves or their insured assets against climate change risks. Other
than for the previous criterion (“Provide incentives for risk-reduction),
differentiation only related to the location of a risk is not sufficient. We
define preventive actions as any specific measures that can be taken
by customers if they are suitable to reduce either the frequency or
severity of climate change related claims. They must be considered in
the product and be offered to all customers. Risk-based rewards must
be reflected in the technical price, and there has to be a direct relation
between the preventive measure taken by the customer, and the riskbased reward granted. Hence, general deductibles which do not refer
to specific preventive measures or no claims discounts are not
sufficient.

The distribution strategy for such products covers measures to
ensure that policyholders are informed on the relevance of preventive
measures (2.2): The regulator sees adaptation to climate change risks
as an overall societal objective to which insurers and their customers
should contribute, since risk-prevention is a key lever for reducing the
overall economic burden. Thus, the distribution strategy must include
measures to ensure that customers (new and existing) are informed
about the preventive measures and the relevance of such preventive
measure that they could take. Information on the relevance of
preventive measures can be shared individually (e.g., through
customer specific risk assessment reports in commercial business) or in
general, which is appropriate for retail business (e.g., through
information in newsletters, regular contract related communication or
terms and conditions). It is also appropriate to briefly inform the
customers about the topic and direct them to more detailed
information, for instance on a company website.

assessment of further DNSH criteria is not applicable. These are still
indicated with a “Y” in the template “Taxonomy KPIs for non-life
underwriting” below.

Minimum Safeguards
Taxonomy-aligned activities needs to be carried out in compliance
with Minimum Safeguards with respect to the value chain (i.e., with
respect to policyholders in the insurance context). Minimum
Safeguards require a due diligence process which is aligned with UN
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGP) and OECD
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises. This is ensured by our
Sustainability referral process governed by the Allianz Standard for
Reputational Risk Management (AS RRIM), which applies to insurance
transactions following a risk-based approach. For more information on
the Sustainability referral process, please refer to the Allianz
Sustainability Integration Framework, version 5.0 on the Allianz
company website.

Do no significant harm (“DNSH”) – Climate change mitigation
The DNSH criterion defines which insurance activities related to
customers engaged in the fossil fuel value chain must not be classified
as sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned). We are taking a mainly
conservative approach and define the fossil fuel value chain
extensively as upstream (e.g., exploration, extraction), midstream (e.g.,
transport, storage, pipelines) or downstream (e.g., refinery, trading and
sales including gas stations) activities or related assets. Additionally,
we consider commercially used fossil fuel power plants to be part of
the fossil fuel value chain. Beyond that, the end-use of fossil fuels is not
in scope of this criterion (e.g., combustion engine vehicles or oil-fired
heating systems). Thus, the DNSH criterion is automatically fulfilled for
retail business, as private use is considered as end-use.
In our portfolio screening approach, we applied the International
Standard of Industrial Classification of economic activities (ISIC codes)
to identify policies which are not in line with the DNSH criterion as
defined above: The different ISIC codes have been classified as either
compliant with DNSH, not compliant with DNSH or to be assessed on
an individual customer level. We have screened our portfolios against
this internal classification system. As our commercial risks are allocated
to ISIC codes (or comparable national or internal classifications), we
could identify policies and revenues which do not comply with DNSH.
There are no further environmental objectives next to “climate
change mitigation” that insurance activities could significantly harm
according to the EU Taxonomy Regulation, meaning that an

Overall results of EU Taxonomy Screening
For the financial year 2023 we are reporting a relatively low share of
Taxonomy-aligned revenues. Risk-based rewards for preventative
actions and the respective advice to customers turned out to be the
most important aspects. We have been focusing on screening our
existing product portfolio, identifying gaps, working on immediate
actions to close gaps in existing products, and started developing and
implementing further new Taxonomy-aligned products.

Allianz’s Sustainable Solutions
Changing customer expectations and demands as well as regulatory
evolution are modifying the role of the insurance industry and require
a dedicated strategy to manage the impact of sustainability in P&C
Business. The Principles for Sustainable Insurance published by the
United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI)
outline a strategic approach where all activities in the insurance value
chain – including interactions with stakeholders – are performed in a
responsible and forward-looking way by identifying, assessing,
managing, and monitoring risks and opportunities associated with
environmental and social issues. The sustainability requirements aim
to reduce risks, develop innovative solutions, improve business
performance, and contribute to environmental, social, and economic
sustainability. 1

1_Principles for Sustainable Insurance – United Nations Environment – Finance Initiative (unepfi.org).

96

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Against this background, we developed an enhanced Allianz
Sustainable Solutions framework. As a result, our overall approach for
assessing and classifying Sustainable Solutions was revised. The
former Sustainable Solution definition and its application were
replaced by the new Sustainable Solutions framework as of January
1st, 2023. This also enables us to report on Sustainable Solutions based
on the new Sustainable Solutions framework for the financial year
2023.
The Sustainable Solutions framework is based on regulatory
requirements (e.g., the EU Taxonomy Regulation) as an integral part.
However, it goes beyond and includes additional product elements
which contribute to ESG objectives beyond climate change adaptation
to support our customers in their transition.
We define a Sustainable (P&C insurance) Solution as an insurance
product or service that substantially contributes to climate change
adaptation and to one or more further environmental, social, or
governance objectives, without doing significant harm to any of the
other objectives, which is in line with the principles of Minimum
Safeguards and hence supports our customers in transitioning towards
an environmentally or socially sustainable way of doing business or
living.
To ensure compliance across the Allianz Group, the Sustainable
Solutions framework is codified in internal policies and applies as a
harmonized and mandatory framework for all Allianz P&C entities,
including a certification process for sustainable products and services.
Eligible objectives and suitable product elements have been
predefined. They were derived from the EU Taxonomy Regulation –
where available 1 – and the United Nation Sustainable Development
Goals, and can be summarized as follows:

−
−
−
−

Climate change mitigation: avoid, reduce or remove GHG
emissions.
Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources:
contribute to good status of water bodies.
Transition to a circular economy: promote durability, re-use and
recycling.
Pollution prevention and control: improve quality of air, water, and
land.

−

Protection, conservation and restoration of biodiversity and
ecosystems.

−

Encourage and expand access to insurance and services for
helpers or socially disadvantaged groups.
Foster socially responsible behavior or engagement.

−

In 2023, we generated € 3,026 mn revenues from certified Sustainable
Solutions in our P&C business. Hence, the Sustainable Solutions
framework contributes to our overall purpose: We secure your future.

Information on data sources for revenue disclosure
Data collection is conducted in the Solvency II P&C LoB reporting
infrastructure. The system is set up in SAP. Information is based on nonconsolidated LoB reporting.

Definition of premiums
In line with the requirements that are set forth by the EU Taxonomy
Regulation, Allianz follows the principle to use figures as premium
base that relate to financial reporting and are communicated
externally through Allianz financial statements – Total Business
Volume (TBV). TBV presents a measure for the overall amount of
business generated during a specific reporting period. As TBV by itself
does not represent a premium related to the insurance coverage (it
also includes fee and commission income), the following adjustment
has been performed: As fee and commission income are not directly
linked to the provision of insurance coverage, they are eliminated to
arrive at the coverage related premium figure.
This premium figure represents the required gross written
premiums level.

Determination of (retro)ceded premium share
For natural catastrophe events, the Allianz Group has a centralized
program in place that pools exposures from its subsidiaries through
internal reinsurance agreements. Allianz SE limits exposures in this
portfolio through external reinsurance. Subsidiaries of the
Allianz Group generally do not enter into individual external
reinsurance agreements for natural catastrophe events. Accordingly, a

breakdown into single Taxonomy-aligned products is not available, as
indicated in the template below.
The guidance on EU Taxonomy Reporting 2 published by the EU
Commission in December 2023 states that insurance undertakings
should use those insurance premiums that only pertain to the coverage
of climate-related perils for the purpose of computing Taxonomyalignment. Hence, only the portion of the premium from Taxonomyaligned products related to the exposure stemming from climate
related perils could be reported as sustainable revenue. We applied
this guidance to calculate the share of Taxonomy-aligned revenues.
For our reinsurance contracts issued (third party), we prepared our
systems to report the entire premium of any treaty providing coverage
for climate-related perils for financial year 2023 reporting, based on
the prevailing market practice and interpretation of the EU Taxonomy
Regulation. With the new requirement to unbundle the premium into
solely climate risk related, our systems need further adaptation to
systematically allow this premium unbundling in the required quality
and could not be done in time for financial year 2023.

Ensure implementation into our business
Our Sustainable Solutions framework and its application have been
integrated into the binding Allianz Standard for P&C Underwriting
(ASU), which governs the rules and principles for P&C underwriting
within the Allianz Group and is an integral part of the overall Group
risk architecture as described in the Group Risk Policy.
As of January 2023, all newly developed products and services
must be assessed and classified under the Sustainable Solutions
framework in the product development process by our operating
entities. Results are validated by a dedicated function within our Group
Center Global P&C, which has the responsibility to approve or not
approve submitted products as a sustainable and in case of a positive
approval, issue a respective certification.
In addition, as of January 2024, products or services may only be
labeled, advertised, or in any other way promoted as Sustainable
Solutions (or any other term that implies the sustainability of a solution,
such as “green” or “social”), if the product or service is certified under
our Sustainable Solutions framework.

1_The Allianz Sustainable Solutions framework applies to all P&C insurance LoBs.
2_Draft Commission Notice on the interpretation and implementation of certain legal provisions of the
Disclosures Delegated Act under Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation on the reporting of Taxonomyeligible and Taxonomy-aligned economic activities and assets (21 December 2023).

97

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Allianz’s actions and measurements
The Sustainable Solutions framework incorporates material ESG
objectives into P&C decision-making and portfolio management
processes. We aim to shift our product portfolio towards sustainable
products by using the Sustainable Solutions framework as guiding
considerations in the product development process.
Allianz has always offered comprehensive insurance cover for
climate-related perils. Still, closing the insurance protection gap
remains a major challenge in many markets. To increase the
penetration rate of covers for natural catastrophes, our product
strategy is moving towards coverage for natural catastrophes per
default (with opt-out elements).
To manage climate-related risks adequately, we are continuously
improving our risk- and pricing-models by integrating the latest data
and information on climate change impacts through forward-looking
NatCat scenarios and global hazard maps. However, effective
adaptation to climate change does not only require adequate pricing
of risks, but also individual measures by customers. We have therefore
started considering preventative actions taken by the customer in our
products and pricing models. Living up to our role as a climate risk
manager, we are also integrating advisory services into our customer
communication and provide relevant information to customers, for
example, on how to build stronger resilience against climate-related
events.

98

In addition, we are committed to offering comprehensive
insurance products for low-carbon technologies – such as battery
electric vehicles (BEV) and the related ecosystem – as well as for
renewable energy technologies, to support the transition of our
customers towards more environment-friendly solutions. For instance,
Allianz entities offer BEV insurance products, which meet the specific
needs of the new ecosystem such as range anxiety, comprehensive
coverage of accessory equipment, and coverage for battery disposal.
Within our commercial energy and construction business, we offer
insurance to cover the setup, installation, and operation of renewable
energy projects such as solar and wind farms, both onshore and
offshore.
Material ESG objectives are also considered in our claims
processes. We have started integrating environmental standards into
our claims processes by encouraging or incentivizing our customers,
car repair shops, and manufacturers to repair instead of replace or to
use refurbished parts, where possible. Moreover, we started increasing
our claims payments to our customers to not only rebuild damaged
assets such as buildings, but to use more sustainable or energyefficient building materials or elements (build back better), as well as
building more resilience against the adverse effects of climate change
(build back stronger).

Allianz’s ambition
Our ambition is to be a trusted partner for our customers and investee
companies across different sectors in their transition to net zero, as
well as to support our customers in their transition to environmentfriendly choices.
The new Allianz Sustainable Solutions framework was launched
in January 2023 across all our entities. This includes qualitative targets
for the financial year 2023 for to the Board of Management and CEOs
of our operating entities to ensure the implementation of Sustainable
Solutions. To accelerate the journey in 2024, we have set quantitative
growth targets for to the Board of Management and CEOs of our
operating entities.
In our reinsurance lines, we initiated discussions with our clients on
their fossil fuel related exposures in order to support their net-zero
transition pathways.
As of 2024, our entities will continue to report internally on a regular
basis on the following KPIs:
−
−

Taxonomy-aligned revenues
Sustainable Solutions-certified revenues.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Template: The underwriting KPI for non-life insurance and reinsurance undertakings
Substantial contribution to climate change adaptation

DNSH (Do Not Significant Harm)

Absolute premiums
2023

Proportion of
premiums 2023

Proportion of
premiums 2022

Climate change
mitigation

Water and marine
resources

Circular economy

Pollution

Biodiversity and
ecosystems

Minimum safeguards

€ mn

%

%

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

Y/N

644.6

0.9

n.a.

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

A.1.2 Of which stemming from
reinsurance activities

0

0

n.a.

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

A.1.2.1 Of which reinsured
(retrocession)

0

0

n.a.

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Y

Economic activities

A.1. Non-life insurance and reinsurance
underwriting Taxonomy-aligned activities
(environmentally sustainable)
A.1.1 Of which reinsured

A.2 Non-life insurance and reinsurance
underwriting Taxonomy-eligible but not
environmentally sustainable activities (not
Taxonomy-aligned activities)

56,055.5

76.3

76.7

B. Non-life insurance and reinsurance
underwriting Taxonomy-non-eligible
activities

16,788.5

22.8

23.3

Total (A.1 + A.2 + B.)

73,488.6

100

100

Scope of application and methodology
For investments, the EU Taxonomy Regulation currently limits the
scope of financial investments that can be considered as “Taxonomyeligible” to exposures to undertakings that are obliged to publish nonfinancial information pursuant to Article 19a or 29a of Directive
2013/34/EU. This means that for Taxonomy reporting as an investor in
other undertakings, the Allianz Group can only consider reported data
of economic activities of investees in scope of the NFRD that are, thus,
obliged to disclose under Art. 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Where
the Allianz Group fully controls a non-financial investment – including
real estate – the scope is not limited in that regard.
The eligibility and alignment share includes activities of controlled
subsidiaries, NFRD-related investments, and non-NFRD funds that
may have underlying NFRD investments or non-financial assets. For
controlled investments and mortgages with property as collateral,
Allianz has three main asset classes: real estate held for investment,
commercial and retail mortgages, and renewable investments.
Allianz’s minority interest investments in investees are mostly through
publicly listed stocks and bonds. Eligibility for Allianz’s controlled assets
has been determined for all six environmental objectives that are listed
in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Alignment reporting is produced for

99

the two published environmental objectives of climate change
mitigation and climate change adaptation.
As in 2022, all real estate asset classes including mortgages are
considered 100 % eligible, with the addition in 2023 of joint ventures in
real estate. For further information, please refer to section “Changes to
proprietary investment reporting”. Eligibility (and alignment) for
Allianz investments in investees is attained via reported data provided
by Moody’s Analytics.
The focus of Taxonomy reporting for 2023 is alignment, which is a
step beyond eligibility. For an asset to be aligned, three steps are
necessary, which is first, the substantial contribution to one or more
environmental objectives in line with specific Technical Screening
Criteria, second, meeting the DNSH criterion (related to the other
environmental objectives) and third, meeting the minimum safeguards
criteria. Naturally, eligibility is a prerequisite for alignment.
Alignment screening relates to the first two climate change
objectives, climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation.
Allianz has attained a relatively low alignment quota from screening
our own portfolio. The main constraints included lack of data
availability for commercial mortgages, and lack of comparative data
for real estate held for investment (typically for Energy Performance
Certificates determined on demand data that could not be
benchmarked to the top 15 % of real estate stock).

For retail mortgage loans especially, Allianz uses a third-party
provider (SkenData) that employs an EU Taxonomy model to screen
real estate objects at a building level. The criteria used to assess
energy performance are equal to the ones used in energy
performance certificates. The DNSH criteria considers both the
exposure and vulnerability (after considering mitigating action).
Overall risk materiality is then determined for each building jointly
assessing the said factors. Only when such risk is classified as low or
medium, the real estate object can be considered Taxonomy-aligned.
The Allianz Group uses only reported data for listed assets (no
estimated data is used). For single listed asset products, Allianz
employs a data hierarchy prioritizing data reported at issuer level. If
reported data is not available at issuer level, then parent-level data is
sourced. If that is unavailable, Allianz uses reported data from the
ultimate group parent entity. Taxonomy-alignment is considered only
for NFRD companies that publish reported data. The data hierarchy
logic is suppressed for investment funds. For further information,
please refer to section ”Limitations of reported numbers”.
For investments, a look-through approach applies for investment
funds and unit-linked products. However, such reporting for the
financial year 2023 is limited due to lack of available data at issuer
level. For further information, please refer to section “Limitations of
reported numbers”.
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Allianz complies with the EU Taxonomy Regulation by reporting
the respective Taxonomy KPIs. For investments, these numbers give us
a technical view on the current status of our investment portfolio with
regards to their Taxonomy-alignment. At this stage, the EU Taxonomy
investment criteria is not used for business or investment steering
purposes. However, we continue to monitor the evolution of the
Taxonomy Regulation to cover further sectors of the economy and
become a tool for portfolio steering in the future.

Nuclear and Gas Delegated act
In addition, as part of the 2023 Taxonomy reporting, Allianz is required
to disclose its exposure to the six nuclear and gas activities stipulated
in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 (Annex III).
This disclosure seeks to elicit the portion of aligned investments that
are a result of the stated activities. For 2023, Allianz’s exposure to
nuclear and gas activities is considered very small (around 2 % of
aligned assets for turnover and CAPEX based on total alignment
figures). However, additional disclosure tables have been produced
with the limitation that some KPIs were unable to be calculated due to
lack of data at the climate objective level.

Reporting about third-party asset management
In 2023, Allianz took the decision to de-scope third-party asset
management from EU Taxonomy investment reporting, in line with
current market practice and interpretation of existing regulatory
requirements for 2023 reporting.

Calculation of KPIs
The main alignment KPIs for 2023 include alignment based on
turnover and alignment based on CAPEX. For our financial
investments, each KPI is determined using only reported data for the
investee. If, for example, Allianz has an investment in a company with
a turnover alignment of 10 % and the book value of the investment is
100, Allianz would report a turnover alignment balance of 10. And if
Allianz has covered assets of 200, then the final alignment share based
on turnover would be 10/200, or 5 %. The total alignment based on
turnover additionally includes alignment shares from Allianz’s own
investment real estate held for investment, retail mortgages, and

100

renewable investments. The total alignment KPI based on CAPEX is
determined in the same way.
For 2023, Allianz has followed the disclosure guidance for insurer
investment KPIs detailed in Annex IX/X of the Commission Delegated
Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 (Disclosure Delegated Act). As mentioned
earlier, the main changes regarding the Commission Delegated
Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 for 2023 are the introduction of alignment
KPIs (by turnover and CAPEX) and the separate tables required for
nuclear/gas exposures. The Annex X template has a number of
shortcomings, with the main one concerning its specification of the
non-eligible KPIs. Eligibility and alignment fractions are determined as
a percentage of the turnover or CAPEX denominators. As such, these
rows need to be made explicit in the template. In the absence of these
rows, the numbers have been provided in the footnotes for
completeness.

Changes to proprietary investment reporting
For Taxonomy reporting in 2023, there were some changes to how
Allianz presents its numbers.
The first change relates to the treatment of cash and cash
equivalents. In 2022, Allianz considered these as non-eligible; however,
they were included as part of the denominator for KPI calculations.
After reassessing the EU Taxonomy Regulation, Allianz has determined
that cash and cash equivalents should not be included in the scope of
assets covered by the investment KPI. Annex X of the Disclosure
Delegated Act defines in-scope assets of insurance and reinsurance
undertakings as “all direct and indirect investments, including
investments in collective investment undertakings and participations,
loans and mortgages, property, plant and equipment, as well as,
where relevant, intangibles”. Cash and cash equivalents are
specifically not included in the scope of assets covered by the
investment KPI. This view is affirmed by EIOPA’s technical advice on key
performance indicators under Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation
of February 26, 2021 (EIOPA-21-184).
The second change relates to the asset classes considered
relevant for eligibility. In 2022, Allianz considered investments in real
estate funds to be 100 % eligible on the basis that the vast majority of
the underlying investments were in real estate. In 2023, Allianz
determined that, by the same logic, its joint venture real estate

investments should also be 100 % eligible. The impact of this
reassessment leads to a small reclassification from non-eligible to
eligible for this asset class for 2023.
Finally, in 2023, the transition to a new accounting regime has
meant that most of Allianz’s real estate investment held for
investments are measured at fair value, as opposed to cost less
accumulated depreciation. In particular, this has led to higher
valuations of the stated asset class compared to the previous year.

Limitations of reported numbers
For 2023, Allianz is relying on reported information from investees for
the year 2022. For that year, financial institutions were not required to
report alignment figures; as a result, alignment quotas for the said
companies will be low or zero.
For investment funds, Allianz uses a fund look-through approach
where possible to report fund eligibility, leveraging data in the
Tripartite Template (TPT). However, look-through coverage of
companies was limited for 2023 due to limited adoption of the TPT and
the inability to obtain underlying investment eligibility. In addition, the
aforementioned data hierarchy approach is suppressed for investment
funds: if investment level look-through data is not available, eligibility
is assumed to be zero. This is because listed asset data for Allianz SE
has been collected for the underwriting KPI, which has a high eligibility
share of 79 %. This is deemed inappropriately high for investment
funds. The conservative approach is designed to mitigate the risk of
reporting eligibility figures that may not be representative of the
underlying investments. Going forward, Allianz aims to expand the
look-through capability for investment funds.
In addition, a complete screening of our renewables portfolio was
not possible for United States based SPVs. The said investments are
100 % eligible and likely have a high degree of alignment but have not
been considered as such for 2023 reporting due to inadequate data at
the time of reporting.
Under the EU Taxonomy Regulation, our business strategy,
product design processes, and engagement with customers and
counterparties concept are being integrated into our business
activities, but are evolving and can be further developed as alignment
reporting matures and a market-based solution for fund look-through
is widely adopted.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Template: The proportion of the insurance or reinsurance undertaking’s investments that are directed at funding, or are associated with, Taxonomy-aligned economic activities in relation to total investments – part I
Taxonomy KPIs for insurance undertakings
Allianz Group reporting under the Taxonomy Regulation

Allianz Group proprietary investments
Ratios (relative to
total assets covered
by the KPI)
in %

The weighted average value of all the investments of insurance or reinsurance undertakings that are
directed at funding, or are associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities relative to the value
of total assets covered by the KPI, with following weights for investments in undertakings per below:

Monetary amounts
(€ bn)
The weighted average value of all the investments of insurance or reinsurance undertakings that are
directed at funding, or are associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities, with following
weights for investments in undertakings per below:

Turnover

1.49

Turnover

11.0

CAPEX

2.02

CAPEX

15.0

The percentage and value of assets covered by the KPI relative to total investments of insurance or
reinsurance undertakings (total AuM). Excluding investments in sovereign entities1:

75.46

The monetary value of assets covered by the KPI. Excluding investments in sovereign entities:

741.9

Additional, complementary disclosures: breakdown of denominator of the KPI
The percentage of derivatives relative to total assets covered by the KPI2:

2.80

The proportion of exposures to financial and non-financial undertakings not subject to Articles 19a and
29a of Directive 2013/34/EU over total assets covered by the KPI3:

Value in monetary amounts of derivatives:

20.8

Value of exposures to financial and non-financial undertakings not subject to Articles 19a and 29a of
Directive 2013/34/EU:

For non-financial undertakings

29.80

For non-financial undertakings

221.0

For financial undertakings

12.72

For financial undertakings

94.3

The proportion of exposures to financial and non-financial undertakings from non-EU countries not
subject to Articles 19a and 29a of Directive 2013/34/EU over total assets covered by the KPI3:

Value of exposures to financial and non-financial undertakings from non-EU countries not subject to
Articles 19a and 29a of Directive 2013/34/EU:

For non-financial undertakings

22.66

For non-financial undertakings

168.1

For financial undertakings

10.15

For financial undertakings

75.3

The proportion of exposures to financial and non-financial undertakings subject to Articles 19a and 29a
of Directive 2013/34/EU over total assets covered by the KPI:

Value of exposures to financial and non-financial undertakings subject to Articles 19a and 29a of
Directive 2013/34/EU:

For non-financial undertakings

8.96

For non-financial undertakings

66.5

For financial undertakings

33.59

For financial undertakings

249.2

The proportion of exposures to other counterparties and assets over total assets covered by the KPI:
The proportion of the insurance or reinsurance undertaking’s investments other than investments held in
respect of life insurance contracts where the investment risk is borne by the policy holders.
The value of all the investments that are funding economic activities that are not Taxonomy-eligible
relative to the value of total assets covered by the KPI4:
The value of all the investments that are funding Taxonomy-eligible economic activities, but not
Taxonomy-aligned relative to the value of total assets covered by the KPI5:

12.13

Value of exposures to other counterparties and assets:

90.0

85.62

Value of insurance or reinsurance undertaking’s investments other than investments held in respect of
life insurance contracts where the investment risk is borne by the policy holders:

635.2

35.93

The value of all the investments that are funding economic activities that are not Taxonomy-eligible
relative to the value of total assets covered by the KPI:

266.6

17.27

Value of all the investments that are funding Taxonomy-eligible economic activities, but not
Taxonomy-aligned:

128.1

1_€ 5.1 bn of exposure has been allocated to sovereign exposures from funds with sovereign balances.
2_The difference in balance sheet exposure to derivatives is a result of allocating derivatives from fund balances (including from unit-linked based products) into this line (€ 5.7 bn).
3_Funds have been categorized as "financial" undertakings apart from real estate funds, which have been categorized as "non-financial".
4_Numbers in table based on turnover. Numbers based on CAPEX: € 276 bn and 37.20 %. The balance for non-eligible share contains balances from NFRD companies where data was not available: € 212.1 bn for based on turnover, € 247.4 bn based on CAPEX.
5_Numbers in table based on turnover. Numbers based on CAPEX: € 114.7 bn and 15.46 %.

101

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Template: The proportion of the insurance or reinsurance undertaking’s investments that are directed at funding, or are associated with, Taxonomy-aligned economic activities in relation to total investments – part II
Allianz Group reporting under the Taxonomy Regulation - Allianz Group proprietary investments
Turnover

CAPEX
Monetary
amount
in € bn

Ratio
in %

Monetary
amount
in € bn

Ratio
in %

Additional, complementary disclosures: breakdown of numerator of the KPI
The proportion of Taxonomy-aligned
exposures to financial and non-financial
undertakings subject to Articles 19a and
29a of Directive 2013/34/EU over total
assets covered by the KPI:

Value of Taxonomy-aligned exposures to
financial and non-financial undertakings
subject to Articles 19a and 29a of Directive
2013/34/EU:

The proportion of Taxonomy-aligned
exposures to financial and non-financial
undertakings subject to Articles 19a and
29a of Directive 2013/34/EU over total
assets covered by the KPI:

Value of Taxonomy-aligned exposures to
financial and non-financial undertakings
subject to Articles 19a and 29a of Directive
2013/34/EU:

For non-financial undertakings

0.98

For non-financial undertakings

7.3

For non-financial undertakings

1.52

For non-financial undertakings

11.3

For financial undertakings

0.03

For financial undertakings

0.2

For financial undertakings

0.07

For financial undertakings

0.5

The proportion of the insurance or
reinsurance undertaking’s investments
other than investments held in respect of
life insurance contracts where the
investment risk is borne by the policy
holders, that are directed at funding, or are
associated with, Taxonomy-aligned:
The proportion of Taxonomy-aligned
exposures to other counterparties and
assets over total assets covered by the KPI:

102

0.98

Value of insurance or reinsurance
undertaking’s investments other than
investments held in respect of life
insurance contracts where the investment
risk is borne by the policy holders, that are
directed at funding, or are associated with,
Taxonomy-aligned:

0.48

Value of Taxonomy-aligned exposures to
other counterparties over total assets
covered by the KPI:

7.3

The proportion of the insurance or
reinsurance undertaking’s investments
other than investments held in respect of
life insurance contracts where the
investment risk is borne by the policy
holders, that are directed at funding, or
are associated with, Taxonomy-aligned:

3.6

The proportion of Taxonomy-aligned
exposures to other counterparties and
assets over total assets covered by the KPI:

1.94

Value of insurance or reinsurance
undertaking’s investments other than
investments held in respect of life
insurance contracts where the investment
risk is borne by the policy holders, that are
directed at funding, or are associated with,
Taxonomy-aligned:

14.4

0.43

Value of Taxonomy-aligned exposures to
other counterparties over total assets
covered by the KPI:

3.2

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Template: The proportion of the insurance or reinsurance undertaking’s investments that are directed at funding, or are associated with, Taxonomy-aligned economic activities in relation to total investments – part III
Breakdown of the numerator of the KPI per environmental objective
Taxonomy-aligned activities - provided "do-not-significant-harm" (DNSH) and social safeguards positive assessment:
Turnover

CAPEX

Ratio
in %

Monetary
amount
in bn €

Ratio
in %

Monetary
amount
in bn €

(1) Climate change mitigation

1.44

10.7

1.87

13.8

a) Transitional Activities

0.03

0.2

0.06

0.4

b) Enabling Activities

0.21

1.6

0.33

2.4

0.01

0.0

0.11

0.8

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Taxonomy-aligned activities

(2) Climate change adaptation
a) Enabling Activities
(3) The sustainable use and protection of water and marine
a) Enabling Activities
(4) The transition to a circular economy
a) Enabling Activities
(5) Pollution prevention and control
a) Enabling Activities
(6) The protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems
a) Enabling Activities

1_Total alignment quotas for turnover and CAPEX are not fully allocated to Climate Change Mitigation and Climate Change Adaptation objectives due to data limitations for investments in
undertakings.

Template 1: Nuclear and fossil gas related activities
Row

Nuclear energy related activities

1.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of
innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel
cycle.

No

2.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to
produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen
production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available technologies.

Yes

3.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce
electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen
production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades.

Yes

Fossil gas related activities
4.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that
produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.

No

5.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool
and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.

No

6.

The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation
facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.

No

103

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Templates 2-5 Taxonomy-aligned, -eligible but not taxonomy-aligned, and non-eligible activities (part I)
Allianz Group Reporting under the Taxonomy Regulation (for FY 2023)
Nuclear and Gas relevant exposures

Turnover
CCM+CCA

KPI figures in € bn

Book
value

Nuclear & gas related Taxonomy-aligned economic activities relative to assets covered by the KPI

741.9

CAPEX

CCM1,3,4
%

CCA2,3,4

CCM+CCA

Book
value

%

Book
value

%

Book
value

n.a.5

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

741.9

CCM1,3,4
%

CCA2,3,4

Book
value

%

Book
value

%

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

Investments funding Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.26

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.27

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.0

0.01

0.0

0.01

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.28

0.2

0.03

0.2

0.03

-

-

0.3

0.04

0.3

0.04

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.29

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.30

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.31

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investments funding other Taxonomy-aligned economic activities other than nuclear & gas related economic activities

10.8

1.46

10.5

1.42

0.0

0.01

14.7

1.98

13.5

1.82

0.8

0.11

Nuclear & gas related Taxonomy-aligned economic activities relative to total Taxonomy-aligned economic activities

11.0

100.00

10.7

100.00

0.0

100.00

15.0

100.00

13.8

100.00

0.8

100.00

Investments funding Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.26

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.27

0.0

0.01

0.0

0.01

-

-

0.0

0.25

0.0

0.27

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.28

0.2

1.86

0.2

1.92

-

-

0.3

1.99

0.3

2.15

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.29

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.0

0.01

0.0

0.02

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.30

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.0

0.02

0.0

0.02

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.31

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

10.8

98.12

10.5

98.06

0.0

100.00

14.7

97.73

13.5

97.54

0.8

100.00

Investments funding other Taxonomy-aligned economic activities other than nuclear & gas related economic activities

1_CCM: Climate change mitigation.
2_CCA: Climate change adaptation.
3_Due to data constraints, alignment quotas could not be allocated to climate objectives or nuclear/gas activities.
4_Activity numbers 4.26 - 4.31 correspond to the following activities:
4.26: The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
4.27: The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best
available technologies.
4.28: The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades.
4.29: The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
4.30: The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
4.31: The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.
5_n.a. refers to information "not available".

104

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Templates 2-5 Taxonomy-aligned, -eligible but not taxonomy-aligned, and non-eligible activities (part II)
Allianz Group Reporting under the Taxonomy Regulation (for FY 2023)
Nuclear and Gas relevant exposures

Turnover
CCM+CCA

CAPEX

CCM1,3,4

CCA2,3,4

CCM+CCA

CCM1,3,4

CCA2,3,4

KPI figures in € bn

Book
value

%

Book
value

%

Book
value

%

Book
value

%

Book
value

%

Book
value

%

Nuclear & gas related Taxonomy-eligible, but not Taxonomy-aligned economic activities relative to assets covered
by the KPI

128.1

17.27

n.a.5

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

114.7

15.46

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

Investments funding Taxonomy-eligible, but not Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.26

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-eligible, but not Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.27

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-eligible, but not Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.28

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-eligible, but not Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.29

0.3

0.04

0.2

0.02

-

-

0.1

0.01

0.1

0.01

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-eligible, but not Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.30

0.1

0.01

0.0

0.01

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investments funding Taxonomy-eligible, but not Taxonomy-aligned economic activities referred to 4.31

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Investments funding other Taxonomy-eligible, but not Taxonomy-aligned economic activities other than nuclear & gas
related economic activities

127.7

17.22

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

114.6

15.44

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

266.6

35.93

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

276.0

37.20

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

Investments funding Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities referred to 4.26

-

-

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

-

-

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

Investments funding Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities referred to 4.27

-

-

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

0.3

0.04

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

Investments funding Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities referred to 4.28

0.1

0.01

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

0.0

0.01

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

Investments funding Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities referred to 4.29

-

-

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

-

-

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

Investments funding Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities referred to 4.30

-

-

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

-

-

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

Investments funding Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities referred to 4.31

-

-

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

-

-

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

266.5

35.92

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

275.7

37.16

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

n.a.

Nuclear & gas related Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities relative to assets covered by the KPI

Investments funding other Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities other than nuclear & gas related economic
activities

1_CCM: Climate change mitigation.
2_CCA: Climate change adaptation.
3_Due to data constraints, alignment quotas could not be allocated to climate objectives or nuclear/gas activities.
4_Activity numbers 4.26 - 4.31 correspond to the following activities:
4.26: The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
4.27: The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best
available technologies.
4.28: The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades.
4.29: The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
4.30: The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
4.31: The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.
5_n.a. refers to information "not available".

105

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Outlook

The CSRD DMA is conducted alongside the Allianz Group’s value
chain, thus covering own operations, supply chain, Life and Health
(re)insurance (Life/Health), Property and Casualty (re)insurance
(Property-Casualty), as well as our proprietary and third-party
investments business. It follows the double materiality principles as per
the CSRD/ESRS and the guidance provided by EFRAG in its Draft
Implementation Guidance on the materiality assessment from
December 2023. The CSRD DMA identifies material impacts, risks, and
opportunities that (may) arise in the short-, medium- or long-term, or a
mix thereof, following ESRS 1. In terms of topical scope, the CSRD DMA
covers both the sustainability matters addressed by the topical ESRS
as well as Allianz-specific sustainability matters not (sufficiently)
covered therein, based on the previous GRI materiality assessment.
When assessing impact materiality, we consider positive and
adverse actual and potential impacts caused by, contributed to, or
connected with the Allianz Group. Such impacts are assessed based on
the criteria scale, scope, remediation possibility, and likelihood. When
assessing financial materiality – namely, the materiality of risks and
opportunities for the Allianz Group – we take into account the
likelihood of occurrence and the magnitude of the potential financial
effects. In this context, we also consider our dependencies on the
continuing use of natural, human, and social resources. Financial
materiality is assessed in accordance with established Allianz-specific
risk assessment processes. For opportunities, the identification is tied to
our strategy, as the fact that a strategy to exploit opportunities exists is
a precondition for (likely) materialization.
As to risks, besides the broad range of risk assessments
established within the Allianz Group (e.g. Top Risk Assessment), a
dedicated in-depth risk assessment covering the CSRD topics
alongside the value chain was launched in the fourth quarter of 2023
to enhance the CSRD DMA going forward. Until this deep-dive is
completed and given that guidance for financial companies and
industry practice is still evolving, for 2023 reporting, all CSRD topics are
generally considered in scope due to potential risks (e.g. policy or
reputational risks). This means that we describe (potential) risks based
on a conservative initial approach, thereby reporting on topics broadly,
despite the majority of them being (currently) considered to be at most
designated “low materiality” from a risk perspective. In a similar vein,

106

our impact assessment will be regularly reviewed to reflect, for
example, evolving regulation and methodology as well as increasing
availability of portfolio-specific data.
The CSRD DMA is primarily based on desktop research and internal
experts’ evaluations, with consideration of in-house and external data
where available and appropriate, depending on the area of the value
chain being assessed:
−

−

For our own operations, supply chain, Life/Health, and PropertyCasualty retail business, we use desktop research as well as inhouse and external data, where available (e.g. GHG emissions),
tailored to the Allianz business context and complemented by
expert evaluations. In addition, for our Life/Health commercial
lines, a country analysis is performed to assess impacts regarding
potential business conduct and human rights issues.
For our Property-Casualty commercial lines and proprietary
investments, the CSRD DMA is data-driven with the aim to identify
(potential) impacts, risks, and opportunities related to the
portfolio(s) of the Allianz Group, leveraging internal and external
available data sources at country, sector, and investment level.
Sources include sector proxies for environmental impacts from the
Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, Risks and Exposure
(ENCORE) data base, as well as, for investments, for example
principle adverse impacts on sustainability factors (SFDR PAIs) or
ESG sub-scores by MSCI. In addition, we conduct a country analysis
to assess impacts regarding potential business conduct and
human rights issues, similar to the analysis mentioned above for
our Life/Health commercial lines. The evaluations of these criteria
were enhanced by consulting a broad range of relevant business
experts, in order to ensure consideration of Allianz portfoliospecific information, especially where there was of a lack of
(sufficiently granular) data. Allianz will continue to work on data
coverage and quality over the coming years. As to proprietary
investments, the first CSRD DMA focuses on General Account
investments. The inclusion of unit-linked investments into the CSRD
DMA will be revisited during the annual revision process. When
assessing impact materiality at portfolio level, we apply absolute
thresholds based on gross written premiums for our commercial
(re)insurance business and based on assets under management
for proprietary investments. This ensures that both multiple smaller
impacts and fewer larger impacts are considered in the
assessment. Similar to the approach for risks, we tend to include

−

(potential) adverse impacts in the reporting scope at this stage,
following a conservative approach.
Given that regulatory requirements and market practice are
evolving, the assessment of impacts, risks, and opportunities for
our third-party asset management has been initiated based on
business experts’ indicative qualitative assessment as a first step,
assessing the extent to which the asset management services
offered are associated with (potential) sustainability impacts, risks,
and opportunities. We will further develop our materiality
assessment process for the third-party asset management
business for the financial year 2024.

The CSRD DMA conducted for the financial year 2023 suggests that
topics across all topical ESRS are generally material for the Allianz
Group, with the level of materiality, the number of material matters
considered therein, and the primary drivers of materiality alongside
the value chain differing across topics. For example, while the topic
“Climate change” (ESRS E1) is material from an own operations and
value chain perspective, the materiality of further environmental
topics (ESRS E2-E5) is generally associated with providing financing
and insurance to corporate clients. As to social and governancerelated topics, they are particularly relevant from our own operations
perspective (esp. ESRS S1, G1), while also playing a role in our value
chain (esp. ESRS S2, S3, S4). For our third-party asset management, we
have initiated a more detailed assessment, which will be reflected in
our reporting for 2024. In addition to the topics “Climate change” and
“Own workforce”, “Business conduct” remains a key topic for the Allianz
Group. Also, our ongoing focus on customer experience alongside the
customer journey remains unchanged (ESRS S4), given its materiality
and relevance to the Allianz sustainability strategy.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Material (potential) impacts, risks, and opportunities for Allianz are
outlined below in more detail: 1
−

The topic “Climate change” (ESRS E1) is assessed to be material
from an own operations and value chain perspective.
−

−

−

−

−

−

(ESRS E4), and “Resource use and circular economy” (ESRS E5) –
are assessed to be material for Allianz, primarily from a general
value chain perspective.

Adverse impacts in our own operations result from energy
usage of our operations and our carbon footprint (mainly
driven by this energy usage as well as by business travel), while
positive measures are in place via in-place practices of energy
savings and renewables usage.
For Property-Casualty insurance and proprietary investments,
(potential) adverse impacts with respect to climate change
can materialize through insuring and financing carbonintensive activities or sectors, or government exposures with
high CO2 emissions (per capita). This is a current reflection,
while (potential) adverse impacts for the current portfolios are
expected to decrease over time as we work to implement our
net-zero transition plan. Regarding positive impacts in our
(re)insurance activities and investments, we focus on offering
insurance products in line with our Sustainable Solutions
framework and on enlarging our Sustainable Investments. For
further information, please refer to the section “02.1.1” in our
Group Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz company
website.
Related opportunities are considered material for our
Property-Casualty lines and proprietary investments in that we
are supporting our clients in their low-carbon transition journey
in accordance with our Allianz sustainability strategy and
targets.
The materiality of climate change risks, especially in our value
chain, is mainly driven through physical climate-related risks,
with climate-related transition risks – such as policy and
litigation risks – increasing with longer time horizons.
For further information, please refer to the Group
Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz company website.

The environmental topics beyond the topic of “Climate change”
which are nature-related – namely “Pollution” (ESRS E2), “Water
and marine resources” (ESRS E3), “Biodiversity and ecosystems”

−

−

−

−

For Property-Casualty commercial lines and investments,
(potential) adverse impacts with respect to these topics can
materialize through insuring and financing pollution-, water
use-/resource use-intensive and biodiversity-affecting
activities, sectors, and governments. For our Property-Casualty
retail insurance portfolio, particularly “Resource use and
circular economy” is material, also giving rise to opportunities
associated with our sustainable claims initiative (repair instead
of replace).
Given our provision of insurance coverage, the increase of
physical hazards – also induced through biodiversity loss –
poses a risk for Property-Casualty, which also puts pressure on
insurability. This also applies for proprietary investments, given
potential nature-related risks for our portfolio. In addition,
there is also a potential short-term technology and resource
scarcity/price risk for Property-Casualty retail insurance
related to “Resource use and circular economy”.
The materiality of nature-related risks for our own operations
and supply chain is related to potential supply chain
interruptions and implications for our resource inflows/use,
overall dependency on water, as well as potential policy
changes in water-stressed areas and regarding resource
outflow, especially (IT) waste, also with view to stakeholder
expectations.

−

−

−

The social topics alongside the value chain (ESRS S2-S4) are
assessed to be material for Allianz from an impact and financial
perspective.
−

The topic “Own workforce” (ESRS S1) is assessed to be material for
Allianz, as our employees are a key success factor for our business,
and as we are committed to creating a Great Place To Work®.
−

Positive impacts are created through Allianz practices on
employee engagement, training, learning, and personal
development, accompanied by strategic workforce planning.
We have a strong focus on diversity, equal treatment, and
inclusion as well as on talent acquisition and retention. The
health and well-being of our employees continues to be an
area of focus – our practices include offering flexibility in

working time, paying above industry-average wages, and
fostering freedom of association and dialogue with our
employees. Furthermore, securing the confidentiality of
employee data is key for us. By implementing these and further
practices – including annual risk assessments regarding the
protection of human/employee rights in accordance with the
German Supply Chain Act – we continue to work to ensure
(potential) adverse impacts are prevented and reduced.
In terms of financial materiality, risk drivers relate to policy
changes as well as skill shortage and retention risk, either
associated with demographic change, or by not meeting
employee expectations, especially compared to other
employers.
We also see opportunities associated with our employees, in
that the practices mentioned above allow us to attract and
retain talent as a key success factor for our business.

−

Potential adverse impacts related to “Workers in the value
chain” (ESRS S2) and “Affected communities” (ESRS S3) may
materialize for our Property-Casualty commercial lines and
proprietary investments, given the large underwriting and
proprietary investment portfolios, in which potential cases of
insuring and financing activities that adversely affect workers
or communities’ economic, social, civil, political, and cultural
rights may arise. In addition, the topic “Workers in the value
chain” (ESRS S2) is assessed to be material for Allianz from an
impact perspective regarding our suppliers (incl. service
providers relevant for our Property-Casualty retail business). In
accordance with the German Supply Chain Act, Allianz actively
engages with suppliers that are exposed to potential human
rights (or certain environmental) risks and expects that all
suppliers respect human rights and environmental regulations
in their own operations and alongside their supply chain.
As to risks, potential cases of adverse impacts regarding value
chain workers or affected communities in the value chain can
also lead to spill-over effects for Allianz.

1_As regards proprietary investments, this disclosure was developed using, among other sources,
information from MSCI ESG Research LLC; for disclaimer visit https://www.msci.com/notice-anddisclaimer.

107

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

−

−

Regarding “Consumers and end-users” (ESRS S4), we identify
actual positive impacts through our Life/Health and PropertyCasualty retail, as well as our asset management business, by
providing coverage in relation to personal life and health,
strengthening protection against poverty, and fostering access
to services for clients to reach their financial goals. In addition,
securing data privacy and confidentiality of consumer data is
key for us. Financial implications may particularly arise in case
of policy changes.

For further information on how we address these material matters (e.g.
prevention, mitigation) and contribute to sustainability, please refer to
the previous sections of the Non-Financial Statement as well as the
Group Sustainability Report 2023 on the Allianz company website.

The topic “Business conduct” (ESRS G1) is assessed to be material
for Allianz primarily from an own operations perspective.
−

−

−

108

Given our practices related to corporate culture health,
whistleblower protection, supplier management, and
prevention of corruption and bribery, we deem our impacts on
business conduct to be positive. In addition, we engage with
political stakeholders with regards to sustainability-related
aspects, and we actively engage in and support regulatory
developments. Potential adverse impacts may arise from our
proprietary investment portfolio, given exposures to sectors or
governments with higher likelihood of business conductrelated issues.
As business conduct is also reliant on the proper behavior of
individuals, potential risks can never be fully eliminated. As a
result, the matters of ethics and responsible business are also
considered material from a financial perspective in our own
operations and value chain. In addition, cybersecurity is
assessed and tracked as one of the top risks faced by Allianz
in our own operations.
Opportunities are associated with enhancing our corporate
culture, with the aim of increasing risk awareness of our
employees and avoiding misbehavior. In addition, engaging
on sustainability-related matters with political stakeholders –
such as the net-zero transition or via our contributions to (EU)
standard-setting activities – is an opportunity for us to credibly
convey our sustainability ambition and strategy.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT
Economic environment 20231
In economic terms, 2023 provided a few surprises: primarily, the
resilience of the U.S. economy. The failure of the predicted recession to
materialize was mainly due to U.S. consumers, who remained keen to
consume thanks to a robust labor market and excess savings
accumulated during the pandemic. As many companies had also
secured the previous low interest rates for the long term, the
turnaround in interest rates was not yet fully reflected in corporate
balance sheets. The bottom line was relatively strong growth of 2.5 %;
at the same time, inflation fell sharply to 4.1 % (annual average).
The expected upturn in China following the reopening of the
economy after the long COVID-19 lockdowns turned out to be shortlived. Structural weaknesses – particularly the challenging situation in
the real-estate market – quickly regained the upper hand and
dampened sentiment. Nevertheless, the Chinese economy grew by
5.2 % in 2023, although this was a rather modest development
compared to previous years. Finally, the eurozone recorded weak
growth of only 0.5 %; at the same time, inflation remained at an annual
average of over 5 %, although it fell below 3 % again at the end of the
year. This weak growth was mainly due to developments in Germany,
where the economic output fell by 0.3 % as a result of the energy price
shock. Global economic growth slowed to 2.7 %, remaining only slightly
below the pre-pandemic average. The fears of recession stoked at the
beginning of 2023 did not materialize.
The interest rate turnaround remained the dominant topic in the
financial markets, with the focus increasingly shifting to the question of
the end-of-interest-rate-hike cycle. In fact, the U.S. Federal Reserve and
the European Central Bank conducted their last interest rate hikes for
the time being in July and September, respectively. In 2023, the key
interest rates in the United States rose by 100 basis points to 5.5 %, and
in the eurozone by 200 basis points to 4.0 % (deposit rate). Despite this
fundamentally restrictive monetary policy, the end-of-interest-ratehikes and the expectation of future interest rate cuts led to strong price
gains and optimism in the stock markets. U.S. equities (S&P 500) rose
by 24 % and even German equities (DAX) increased by 20 % – despite

the shrinking economy. A similar trend was also observed in
government bond yields. Contrary to the further rise in key interest
rates, yields on German government bonds fell by 53 basis points to
2.0 %; U.S. government bonds remained virtually unchanged at 3.9 %.

Business environment 2023 for the
insurance industry
Inflation remained the defining issue for the insurance industry in 2023.
Even though consumer price inflation slowed, claims inflation
remained high, not least due to rising wages. This development had a
negative impact on underwriting results in property and casualty
insurance. Higher repair costs were also a factor – in addition to the
climate change-related increase in damage events – that pushed
insured losses from natural disasters above the USD 100 bn mark for
the fourth year in a row.
The interest rate level was generally higher, which resulted in rising
investment income for insurers from new investments and
reinvestments. At the same time, however, this also intensified
competition in the life business: simple investment products such as
term deposits were once again able to score points with savers, which
had a particularly negative impact on the single premium business.
However, the feared wave of life policy lapses did not materialize,
insurers’ business remained stable.
In 2023, two familiar topics also became increasingly urgent:
digitalization and sustainability. The breakthrough of generative
artificial intelligence took the digitalization of business processes –
especially the customer interface – to a new level. In terms of
sustainability, insurability became a particular focus. Increasing
natural hazards mean that some risk areas are no longer insurable at
affordable prices. Some insurers in the United States have already
responded by discontinuing new business in certain lines of business.
In the property-casualty sector, we observed strong premium
growth in some areas in the reporting year, although this was primarily
due to rising prices: all insurers had to increase premiums in response

to the persistent claims inflation. Nevertheless, underwriting results
remained under pressure in some divisions, like motor. Investment
income also increased further due to higher yields.
In the life sector, premium development was much more subdued.
There were also very large differences between the markets due to
diverging market and product structures. In general, however, demand
for risk products remained strong. Following the end of the pandemic,
the topic of old-age provision is once again attracting more attention
from consumers. As in property and casualty insurance, the sector has
benefited from higher investment returns.

Business environment 2023 for the
asset management industry
The asset management industry has faced considerable volatility in
the capital market over the past 12 months. The key drivers for this
were surging inflation and rapidly changing interest rates,
compounded by banking turmoil and geopolitical upheaval. Another
relevant change is the structural shift towards CO2-neutral business
models, bringing with it a requirement for new investment solutions.
Stock markets rose, with the MSCI World Index up by 23.8 % in
2023. For bonds, active management demonstrated its value for
achieving returns against the backdrop of rapidly changing interest
rates. Although active investments still account for most of the assets
under management, growth in passive and alternative investments
continued in 2023. Besides the focus on CO2 emissions and the
ongoing growth in ESG-oriented offerings (ESG = Environment, Social,
Governance), digitalization with the application of artificial
intelligence (AI) and other technologies is becoming increasingly
important. AI, for example, is creating new opportunities when it comes
to analyzing large and unstructured sets of data. Furthermore, AI is
finding its way into supporting operational efficiency via innovative
forms of automation. Client satisfaction remains a high priority for the
asset management value chain as a whole.

1_At the date of the publication of this report, not all general market data for the year 2023 used in this
chapter was final. Also, please note that the information provided in this chapter is based on our
estimates.

109

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY OF 2023 RESULTS
Earnings summary
Key figures Allianz Group 1
2023

2022

Delta
8,377

Total business volume1

€ mn

161,700

153,324

Operating profit2

€ mn

14,746

13,814

931

Net income2

€ mn

9,032

6,856

2,176

thereof: attributable to shareholders

€ mn

8,541

6,421

2,120

Shareholders‘ core net income2,3

€ mn

9,101

6,984

2,117

Solvency II capitalization ratio4

%

206

201

5 %-p

Core return on equity5

%

16.0

12.7

3.3 %-p

Core earnings per share6

€

22.61

16.96

5.65

Core diluted earnings per share7

€

22.59

16.87

5.72

1_Total business volume in the Allianz Group comprises: gross premiums written as well as fee and
commission income in Property-Casualty; statutory gross premiums written in Life/Health; and
operating revenues in Asset Management.
2_The Allianz Group uses operating profit, net income and shareholders‘ core net income as key
financial indicators to assess the performance of its business segments and of the Group as a
whole.
3_Presents the portion of net income attributable to shareholders before non-operating market
movements and before amortization of intangible assets from business combinations (including
any related income tax effects).
4_Figures as of 31 December. Figures exclude the application of transitional measures for
technical provisions.
5_Represents the ratio of shareholders‘ core net income to the average shareholders‘ equity at the
beginning and at the end of the year. Shareholders‘ core net income is adjusted for net financial
charges related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders‘ equity. From the
average shareholders‘ equity, undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders‘ equity,
unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses are
excluded.
6_Calculated by dividing the respective period’s shareholders‘ core net income, adjusted for net
financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders‘ equity, by
the weighted average number of shares outstanding (basic core EPS).
7_From basic core EPS, the number of common shares outstanding and the shareholders‘ core net
income are adjusted to include the effects of potentially dilutive common shares that could still
be exercised. Potentially dilutive common shares result from share-based compensation plans
(diluted core EPS).

1_For further information on the Allianz Group figures, please refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial
statements. The financial results are based on the new IFRS 9 (Financial Instruments) and IFRS 17
(Insurance Contracts) accounting standards, which have been adopted as of 1 January 2023.
Comparative periods have been adjusted to reflect the application of these new accounting standards.

110

Our total business volume increased by 8.0 % on an internal basis 2,
compared to the previous year. This was mostly driven by our PropertyCasualty business segment due to positive price effects and volume
effects, from many entities including Allianz Partners, AGCS, and
Germany. The Life/Health and the Asset Management business
segments also recorded positive internal growth.
Our operating profit increased by 6.7 % in comparison to 2022.
This was mainly due to a higher operating investment result from our
United States operations in the Life/Health business segment. Our
Property-Casualty business segment recorded a solid operating profit
driven by a higher operating investment result; this was partly offset by
a lower operating fee and other result as well as the insurance service
result. Operating profit from our Asset Management business segment
declined slightly, mainly as a result of unfavorable foreign currency
translation effects.
Our operating investment result increased by € 1,025 mn to
€ 4.8 bn, largely driven by the United States due to an accounting
mismatch in the prior year. In addition, in our Property-Casualty
business segment we recorded higher interest and similar income
mostly due to higher interest rates.
Our non-operating result improved by € 1.0 bn to a loss of
€ 3.2 bn as the prior year result was negatively impacted by the
increase in the Structured Alpha provision. In the current year, we
recorded lower non-operating net investment income.
Income taxes decreased by € 259 mn to € 2.5 bn, and the
effective tax rate decreased to 22.0 % (29.1 %), due to a more
favorable profit mix, tax benefits from write-up of deferred tax assets
on tax losses, higher tax-exempted income, and the absence of nonrecurring items.
The increase in net income was largely driven by an increase in
the provision for litigation expenses for Structured Alpha booked in the
first quarter of 2022, higher operating profit, and lower income taxes.
Shareholders’ core net income was strong at € 9.1 bn.
2_Internal total business volume growth, excludes the effects of foreign currency translation as well as
acquisitions and disposals. For a reconciliation of nominal total business volume growth to internal total
business volume growth for each of our business segments and the Allianz Group as a whole, please refer
to the chapter Reconciliations.

Our shareholders’ equity 3 increased by € 4,062 mn to € 58.5 bn,
compared to 31 December 2022. This increase was mainly driven by
the net income and positive net OCI, partly offset by the dividend
payout and share-buy-back program. Over the same period, our
Solvency II capitalization ratio increased to 206 % 4.
For a more detailed description of the results generated by each
individual business segment (Property-Casualty insurance operations,
Life/Health insurance operations, Asset Management, and Corporate and
Other), please consult the respective chapters on the following pages.

Other information
Effective 1 January 2023, the Allianz Group reorganized the structure
of its insurance activities to reflect the changes in the responsibilities of
the Board of Management. The insurance activities in Iberia & Latin
America have been included in the reportable segment Global
Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin America, Middle East
and Africa. Greece was moved into the reportable segment Western &
Southern Europe, Allianz Direct and Allianz Partners. Previously
reported information has been adjusted to reflect this change in the
composition of the Allianz Group’s reportable segments.
Additionally, some minor reallocations between the reportable
segments have been made.

Other parts of the Group Management
Report
The Group Management Report also includes the following sections:
− Corporate Governance Statement and
− Takeover-Related Statements and Explanations.

3_For further information on shareholders‘ equity, please refer to the Balance Sheet Review.
4_Including the application of transitional measures for technical provisions, the Solvency II capitalization
ratio amounted to 229 % as of 31 December 2023. For further information, please refer to the Risk and
Opportunity Report.

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

PROPERTY-CASUALTY INSURANCE OPERATIONS
Key figures Property-Casualty 1,
2023

2022

Delta

Total business volume1

€ mn

76,531

70,613

5,918

Operating profit

€ mn

6,909

6,827

82

Net income

€ mn

4,274

3,357

917

thereof: attributable to shareholders

€ mn

4,154

3,251

903

Shareholders‘ core net income

€ mn

4,421

3,750

671

%

69.3

68.4

0.9 %-p

Expense ratio3

%

24.6

24.9

(0.3) %-p

Combined ratio4

%

93.8

93.3

0.6 %-p

Loss ratio2

1_Total business volume in Property-Casualty comprises gross written premiums and fee and
commission income.
2_Represents claims and benefits and the reinsurance result, divided by insurance revenue.
3_Represents operating acquisition and administrative expenses including non-attributable
acquisition and administrative expenses, divided by insurance revenue.
4_Represents the total of claims and benefits, operating acquisition and administrative expenses
including non-attributable acquisition and administrative expenses, and the reinsurance result,
divided by insurance revenue.

Most of our operations contributed positively to internal growth, there
were no significant negative contributions. The following entities
contributed positively to internal growth:
Allianz Partners: Total business volume increased to € 9,272 mn,
an internal growth of 12.7 %. This was mainly driven by favorable
volume effects in our health business as well as in our travel insurance
business.
AGCS: Total business volume increased to € 12,245 mn, an
internal growth of 7.1 %, driven by positive volume and price effects.
Germany: Total business volume went up 6.6 % on an internal
basis, totaling € 12,400 mn. This was mainly caused by price increases,
predominantly from motor and property business.
Türkiye: Total business volume amounted to € 1,419 mn – up
109.1 % on an internal basis. This development is driven by strong price
increases due to the hyperinflationary environment and to a lower
extent volume effects, predominantly in the health business.

Operating profit
Total business volume
On a nominal basis, we recorded a rise of 8.4 % in total business
volume compared to the previous year.
This included unfavorable foreign currency translation effects of
€ 2,611 mn 2 and positive (de)consolidation effects of € 671 mn. On an
internal basis 3, our total business volume increased by 11.2 %. This was
driven by a positive price effect of 6.9 %, a positive volume effect of
4.0 %, and a positive service effect of 0.3 %.

Operating profit
€ mn

2023

2022

Delta

Operating insurance service result

4,242

4,298

(56)

Operating investment result

2,748

2,432

316

Operating fee and other result

(81)

97

(178)

Operating profit

6,909

6,827

82

Our operating profit increase was due to a strong operating
investment result, partly offset by a decrease in our insurance service
result as well as in our operating fee and other result.
Despite our strong insurance revenue growth, our operating
insurance service result decreased slightly due to an increase of our
combined ratio by 0.6 percentage points to 93.8 %. A lower
1_For further information on Property-Casualty figures, please refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial
statements.
2_Based on average exchange rates in 2023 compared to 2022, and based on spot rates in countries with
hyperinflation (Türkiye, Argentina, Lebanon).

111

3_Internal total business volume growth, excludes the effects of foreign currency translation as well as
acquisitions and disposals. For a reconciliation of nominal total business volume growth to internal total
business volume growth for each of our business segments and the Allianz Group as a whole, please refer
to the chapter Reconciliations.

contribution from our run-off result was partly offset by an
improvement in both our accident year loss ratio and our expense
ratio.
Operating insurance service result
€ mn

2023

2022

Delta

Insurance revenue

68,757

63,963

4,794

Claims and benefits including
reinsurance result

(47,629)

(43,735)

(3,895)

Acquisition and administrative
expenses

(16,893)

(15,934)

(959)

Other insurance service result

7

4

3

4,242

4,298

(56)

Operating insurance service result

Our accident year loss ratio 4 stood at 72.5 % – an improvement of
0.1 percentage points compared to the previous year. The impact of
claims from natural catastrophes on our combined ratio increased by
0.6 percentage points to 3.4 %.
Leaving aside losses from natural catastrophes, our accident year
loss ratio improved by 0.7 percentage points to 69.1 %. This was mainly
due to a positive discounting impact of 2.9 %, a change of
1.2 percentage points compared to the previous year due to the high
interest rate environment. This positive effect was, however, partially
offset by higher claims inflation, in particular in retail business.
Most of our operations contributed positively to the development of
our accident year loss ratio. The main positive contributors were:
Brazil: 0.3 percentage points, driven by a business profitability
recovery.
France: 0.2 percentage points, mostly due to a lower level of
large losses in 2023 compared to the previous year.
AGCS: 0.2 percentage points. The biggest driver was a lower
level of large losses in 2023 compared to the previous year.

4_Represents the loss ratio excluding the net result of the previous year claims (run-off).

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

The main operation weighing on the development of our accident year
loss ratio:
Germany: 0.8 percentage points. This was primarily driven by a
high level of claims from natural catastrophes in 2023.

Operating fee and other result

Our run-off ratio 1 reduced to 3.2 % – compared to 4.2 % in 2022, in line
with expectations. Most of our operations contributed positively to our
run-off result.

Fee and commission expenses

Acquisition and administrative expenses amounted to € 16,893 mn in
2023, compared to € 15,934 mn in 2022. Our expense ratio improved
by 0.3 percentage points to 24.6 %, driven by the acquisition cost ratio.
Operating investment result
€ mn

2023

2022

Interest and similar income (net of
interest expenses)

4,160

3,576

584

Interest accretion

(664)

(407)

(257)

Valuation results & other
thereof: Investment expenses
Operating investment result1

€ mn

Fee and commission income
Other income

2023

2022

2,534

2,391

Delta
143

39

91

(52)
(195)

(2,547)

(2,353)

Other expenses1

(107)

(32)

(75)

Operating fee and other result

(81)

97

(178)

1_Including reclassifications of € (11) mn from other non-operating result in 2023.

Our operating fee and other result declined, driven by an unfavorable
other result, because of extra profit charges and prior year one-off
gains from sale of own-use property. The fee and commission result
also contributed to the decrease, especially at Allianz Partners.

Delta

(748)

(737)

(11)

(490)

(474)

(16)

2,748

2,432

316

1_For further information please refer to note 6.4 to the consolidated financial statements.
'Valuation results & other' comprises realized gains/losses (net), investment expenses, foreign
currency gains/losses (net) on (re-)insurance contracts issued and held, and other items.

Our operating investment result went up considerably, driven by
higher interest and similar income (net of interest expenses) mostly
due to higher interest rates. This was partially offset by a higher impact
from interest accretion, due to higher interest rates, as well as by our
valuation results and other.

Net income
Our net income increased by € 917 mn, predominantly driven by our
non-operating result. The € 843 mn rise in our non-operating result
was largely due to the higher non-operating investment result, which
increased by € 722 mn, mainly due to favorable valuation and lower
impairments. The non-operating other result also contributed to the
increase, mainly due to lower restructuring expenses.

Shareholders’ core net income
Compared to the previous year our shareholders’ core net income rose
by € 671 mn to € 4,421 mn, a development in line with our net income.

1_Represents the net result of the previous year claims (run-off) as a percentage of insurance revenue.

112

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

LIFE/HEALTH INSURANCE OPERATIONS
Key figures Life/Health

1,

2023

2022

Delta

Total business volume1

€ mn

77,878

75,258

2,620

Operating profit

€ mn

5,191

4,218

974

Net income

€ mn

3,788

3,317

471

thereof: attributable to shareholders

€ mn

3,589

3,160

428

Shareholders‘ core net income

€ mn

3,595

3,205

390
2.3 %-p

Core return on equity2

%

16.3

14.0

Value of new business (VNB)3

€ mn

3,985

3,898

87

Contractual service margin (CSM)4

€ mn

52,601

52,227

375

1_Total business volume in Life/Health comprises statutory gross premiums written.
2_Effective 2023, core return on equity represents the ratio of shareholders‘ core net income to the
average shareholders‘ equity at the beginning and at the end of the year. From the average
shareholders‘ equity, unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized
gains and losses are excluded and participations in affiliates not already consolidated in this
segment are deducted. The comparative period has been adjusted.
3_VNB is the additional value to shareholders that results from the writing of new business. The
VNB is determined as the present value of pre-tax future profits, adjusted for acquisition
expenses overrun or underrun and non-attributable costs, minus a risk adjustment, all
determined at issue date. Value of new business is calculated at point of sale, interpreted as at
the beginning of each quarter assumptions.
4_Figures as of 31 December.

Total business volume
On a nominal basis, total business volume increased by 3.5 % for 2023.
This includes both unfavorable foreign currency translation effects of
(€ 1,378 mn) and negative (de-)consolidation effects of (€ 212 mn). On
an internal basis 2, total business volume increased by 5.6 %, or
€ 4,210 mn.
Germany: Total business volume decreased to € 21,915 mn, a
0.7 % decrease on an internal basis, mainly driven by reduced single
premium sales. In the German health business, total business volume
reached € 4,150 mn, a 4.0 % increase on an internal basis, mainly
driven by premium adjustments.

1_For further information on Allianz Life/Health figures, please refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial
statements.

113

United States: Total business volume increased to € 18,308 mn, a
22.2 % increase on an internal basis. This was due to higher sales in the
fixed index annuities business.
Italy: Total business volume increased to € 11,229 mn, a 0.9 %
increase on an internal basis, mainly due to increases in capital
efficient guarantee products and protection and health.
France: Total business volume fell slightly to € 7,167 mn, a 1.0 %
decrease on an internal basis.
Asia-Pacific: Total business volume decreased across the region,
except for Thailand and Indonesia, to € 5,872 mn, a 5.7 % decrease, on
an internal basis. This was driven mainly by Taiwan (€ 380 mn) due to
lower unit-linked without guarantees business as a result of
contraction in the unit-linked market because of regulatory changes,
and China (€ 254 mn), mainly from a decrease in savings and
annuities.

Present value of new business
premiums (PVNBP) 3
Our PVNBP increased by 1.6 % to € 67,281 mn. The increase is
predominantly driven by the United States due to higher sales in the
fixed indexed annuity business and Allianz Reinsurance, through a
large reinsurance treaty. Additionally, there were negative foreign
currency translation impacts of around € 0.9 bn, primarily from the
United States, Asia-Pacific, and Türkiye.

Present value of new business premiums (PVNBP) by lines of business
€ mn

2023

2022

Capital-efficient products1

30,702

31,385

Delta
(683)

Unit-linked without guarantee1

16,806

15,378

1,428

Protection & health

14,496

13,328

1,168

Guaranteed savings & annuities

5,277

6,124

(847)

Total

67,281

66,216

1,065

1_Selected business in Germany Life and Mexico, with PVNBP of € 3.1 bn and VNB of € 292 mn,
was reclassified from capital-efficient to unit-linked in 2023.

Value of new business (VNB)
Our VNB increased. This was primarily driven by increased margin in
guaranteed savings and annuities in France, as well as a large
reinsurance treaty at Allianz Reinsurance in protection and health. This
was partially offset by lower single premium sales in Germany Life in
capital-efficient products.
Value of new business by lines of business
€ mn
Capital-efficient products1
Unit-linked without guarantee1
Protection & health
Guaranteed savings & annuities
Total

2023

2022

Delta

1,775

2,079

(304)

743

477

267

1,161

1,110

51

306

232

74

3,985

3,898

87

1_Selected business in Germany Life and Mexico, with PVNBP of € 3.1 bn and VNB of € 292 mn,
was reclassified from capital-efficient to unit-linked in 2023.

2_Internal total business volume growth, excludes the effects of foreign currency translation as well as
acquisitions and disposals. For a reconciliation of nominal total business volume growth to internal total

business volume growth for each of our business segments and the Allianz Group as a whole, please refer
to the chapter Reconciliations.
3_PVNBP before non-controlling interests.

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Operating profit
Operating profit by profit sources
€ mn

2023

2022

Delta

4,967

5,020

(53)

Release of risk adjustment1

512

566

(54)

Variances from claims & expenses2

(380)

(625)

244

CSM release1

Losses and reversals of losses on
onerous contracts3

(17)

(88)

71

Non-attributable expenses4

(1,067)

(1,066)

(1)

Operating investment result5

890

137

753

Other operating result6

288

275

13

5,191

4,218

974

Operating profit

1_Please refer to note 6.1 to the consolidated financial statements.
2_Including reinsurance result.
3_Excluding amortization of loss component. For further information, please refer to note 6.6 to
the consolidated financial statements. The figure there includes amortization of loss component.
4_For further information, please refer to note 8.3 to the consolidated financial statements. Nonattributable expenses are the sum of non-attributable acquisition costs, non-attributable
administrative expenses and non-attributable settlement costs. The above view includes
insurance entities only.
5_For further information, please refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
6_For further information, please refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. Other
operating result represents the sum of Operating result from investment contracts, Operating
fee and commission result, and Operating other result.

Operating profit was strong at € 5,191 mn, up 23.1 %, mainly due to
Allianz Life hedge alignment and normalization. The main drivers of
the increase in operating profit are described below:
Contractual Service Margin (CSM) release is the main source of
profit. The slight decrease was mainly driven by our United States and
Reinsurance business caused by a high release in 2022, and Mexico
from reclassification of investment business to IFRS 9 following a
contract modification. This was partially offset by France from higher
release on repriced protection and health products, and Italy from
profitable new business and better economics.
Release of risk adjustment decreased, mainly driven by an
assumption update.
Variance from claims and expenses improved, mainly from
France and Asia-Pacific, with improved claims experience in protection
and health.

Losses and reversals of losses on onerous contracts improved
primarily driven by prior year negative impacts with unprofitable unitlinked and protection business in France, losses in Russia following the
war in Ukraine, as well as Taiwan savings, driven by favorable interest
rates.
Non-attributable expenses were stable.
Operating investment result increased significantly from an
extraordinary low result in the prior year. In the United States, we
recorded negative hedge impacts on variable annuities in 2022 that
turned positive as the hedging strategy of our United States business
has been aligned from IFRS 4 to IFRS 17 accounting. This was partially
offset by an adverse impact from discounting in protection and health
in France in line with interest rates evolution.
Other operating result increased slightly, mainly due to a
reclassification of the investment business to IFRS 9 in Mexico
following a contract modification and a one-off gain realized on
headquarter sale in Luxembourg. This was partly offset mainly by a
lower result of Investment Contracts as a result of reduced Assets under
Management in Italy.

Contractual service margin (CSM)
development
The CSM increased by 0.7 %, compared to 31 December 2022, from
€ 52,227 mn to € 52,601 mn. The drivers of the € 375 mn increase were
as follows:
New business contribution was strong at € 4,515 mn, mostly
driven by the United States with € 1,320 mn, Germany Life with
€ 880 mn, Asia-Pacific with € 649 mn, Italy with € 496 mn, and France
with € 416 mn.
Expected in-force return of € 3,022 mn is in line with an implied
risk-free rate of 4.4 % plus an overreturn yield of 1.4 %.
Economic variances of € 500 mn were caused by favorable
impact from market movements (€ 0.9 bn), driven by higher equity
markets and lower interest rates, offsetting adverse impact from
weaker real estate. In addition, there was a negative foreign currency
translation impact of € 0.4 bn.
Non-economic variances reduced CSM by € 2,696 mn, mainly
driven by model and assumption changes and experience variances
(€ 1.2 bn), reclassification of investment business in Mexico from

IFRS 17 to IFRS 9 (impact was negative € 0.7 bn), and a one-off cost
correction in Germany (impact was negative € 0.8 bn). The latter had
no material impact on net CSM.
CSM release of € 4,967 mn is in line with expectation.

Net income
Our net income increased by € 471 mn, driven by the increase in the
operating profit, which was partly offset by a lower non-operating
result. The latter was largely driven by tax reclassification in Germany
and France, offset by lower income taxes. In addition, we recorded a
negative contribution from non-operating investment result in
Lebanon, mainly due to the recognition of an onerous contract
provision for the expected disposal loss from the sale of our Lebanese
business operations.

Shareholders‘ core net income
Shareholders’ core net income increased by € 390 mn to € 3,595 mn,
which is in line with the development of the net income.

Core return on equity
Our core return on equity increased by 2.3 percentage points to 16.3 %,
mainly as a result of the increase in shareholders’ core net income.

1_The purpose of Life/Health operating profit presentation is to explain movements in IFRS results by
focusing on underlying drivers of performance, consolidated for the Life/Health business segment.

114

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

ASSET MANAGEMENT
Key figures Asset Management 1
2023

2022

Delta

Operating revenues

€ mn

8,086

8,234

(149)

Operating profit

€ mn

3,126

3,198

(72)

%

61.3

61.2

0.2 %-p

€ mn

2,353

935

1,418

Cost-income ratio1
Net income
thereof: attributable to shareholders

€ mn

2,158

755

1,404

Shareholders‘ core net income

€ mn

2,150

759

1,391

Total assets under management as of
31 December
thereof: Third-party assets under
management as of 31 December

€ bn
€ bn

2,224
1,712

2,141
1,635

82
77

1_Represents operating expenses divided by operating revenues.

In 2023, net inflows 3 of total assets under management (AuM)
amounted to € 3.1 bn (2022: net outflows of € 96.3 bn) – and thirdparty net inflows were € 21.5 bn (2022: net outflows of € 81.4 bn).
PIMCO contributed to this inflow development (€ 10.0 bn
total/€ 24.4 bn third-party AuM), while AllianzGI recorded net outflows
of € 6.8 bn in total AuM and € 2.9 bn in third-party AuM.
Positive effects from market and dividends 4 totaled € 130.0 bn. Of
this, positive effects of € 90.7 bn came from PIMCO and were mainly
related to fixed-income assets, while € 39.4 bn of positive effects came
from AllianzGI and were attributable to all asset classes, but mainly to
equities.
Negative effects from consolidation, deconsolidation, and other
adjustments amounted to € 1.2 bn.
Unfavorable foreign currency translation effects amounted to
€ 49.6 bn and were mainly related to PIMCO’s AuM.

Third-party assets under management
As of
31 December
2023

As of
31 December
2022

Delta

€ bn

1,712

1,635

4.7%

PIMCO

%

78.6

79.2

(0.6) %-p

AllianzGI

%

21.4

20.8

0.6 %-p

Fixed income

%

76.3

76.3

-

Equities

%

8.6

8.4

0.2 %-p

Multi-assets

%

10.1

10.3

(0.2) %-p

Alternatives

%

5.0

5.0

-

Mutual funds

%

58.2

58.2

-

Separate accounts

%

41.8

41.8

-

America

%

51.0

50.5

0.5 %-p

Europe

%

30.9

33.5

(2.5) %-p

Asia Pacific

%

18.1

16.0

2.1 %-p

%

78

79

(1) %-p

Third-party assets under
management
Business units‘ share

Asset classes split

Investment vehicle split

Regional allocation

Assets under management2
Composition of total assets under management
€ bn

Type of asset class
Fixed income

As of
31 December
2023

As of
31 December
2022

Delta

1,648

1,580

67

Equities

158

148

10

Multi-assets1

184

179

5

Alternatives

234

235

(1)

2,224

2,141

82

Total

Overall three-year rolling
investment
outperformance1

1_Three-year rolling investment outperformance reflects the mandate-based and volumeweighted three-year investment success of all third-party assets. For separate accounts and
mutual funds, the investment success (valued on the basis of the closing prices) is compared with
the investment success prior to cost deduction of the respective benchmark. For some mutual
funds, the investment success, reduced by fees, is compared with the investment success of the
median of the respective Morningstar peer group (a position in the first and second quartile is
equivalent to outperformance).

1_The term “multi-assets” refers to a combination of several asset classes (e.g. bonds, stocks, cash,
and real property) used as an investment. Multi-asset class investments increase the
diversification of an overall portfolio by distributing investments over several asset classes.

1_For further information on our Asset Management figures, please refer to note 5 to the consolidated
financial statements.
2_Assets under management include portfolios sub-managed by third-party investment firms.

115

3_Net flows represent the sum of new client assets, additional contributions from existing clients – including
dividend reinvestment – withdrawals of assets from and termination of client accounts, and distributions
to investors.

4_Market and dividends represents current income earned on the securities held in client accounts as well
as changes in the fair value of these securities. This also includes dividends from net investment income
and from net realized capital gains to investors of both open-ended mutual funds and closed-end funds.

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Operating revenues

Net income

Our operating revenues decreased by 1.8 % on a nominal basis. This
development was driven by lower net fee and commission income
mainly at AllianzGI, partially offset by higher other operating revenues,
primarily driven by higher net interest income. On an internal basis 1,
operating revenues increased by 2.4 %.
Net fee and commission income declined, mainly driven by a
lower average third-party AuM level at both PIMCO and AllianzGI,
while we recorded higher performance fees – predominantly at
PIMCO.

The increase of € 1.4 bn in our net income was mainly driven by an
increase in provision for litigation expenses for Structured Alpha 2
booked in the prior year.

Shareholders’ core net income
Our shareholders’ core net income increased by € 1.4 bn compared to
the previous year, a development in line with the net income.

Operating profit
Our operating profit decreased by 2.2 % on a nominal basis, as the
decline in operating revenues exceeded a decrease in operating
expenses. On an internal basis1, our operating profit remained
stable at last year’s level.
The nominal decrease in administrative expenses stemmed from
AllianzGI.
Our cost-income ratio remained stable.
Asset Management business segment information
€ mn

Net fee and commission income
excl. performance fees

2023

2022

Delta

7,142

7,737

(595)

Performance fees

817

474

343

Other operating revenues

126

23

103

Operating revenues

8,086

8,234

(149)

Administrative expenses (net),
excluding acquisition-related
expenses

(4,959)

(5,036)

77

Operating expenses

(4,959)

(5,036)

77

Operating profit

3,126

3,198

(72)

1_Operating revenues/operating profit adjusted for foreign currency translation and (de-)consolidation
effects.

116

2_For further information on Structured Alpha, please refer to note 8.13 to the consolidated financial
statements.

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

CORPORATE AND OTHER
Earnings summary
Key figures Corporate and Other 1
€ mn

Operating investment result
Operating administrative expenses1

2023

2022

467

436

Delta
31

(1,289)

(1,282)

(7)

Operating fee and commission
result

349

307

42

Operating result

(474)

(540)

66

Net loss

(1,385)

(842)

(543)

thereof: attributable to shareholders

(1,361)

(835)

(526)

Shareholders‘ core net loss

(1,062)

(824)

(238)

1_The position operating administrative expenses is part of the operating other result. For further
information, please refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.

The operating result improved in 2023 compared to the previous year.
This was due to a higher contribution from Banking and Alternative
Investments, which more than offsets the decline in operating result
from Holding & Treasury.
The increase in our net loss was mainly because of a lower nonoperating investment result, which was burdened by a lower valuation
result from financial assets and liabilities, lower income from
derivatives as well as lower non-operating realized gains and losses
(net). This was partly offset by a higher positive income tax result.
The shareholders’ core net loss increased by € 238 mn to
€ 1,062 mn compared to the prior year‚ mainly driven by the decrease
in our non-operating investment result.

1_For further information on Corporate and Other figures, please refer to note 5 to the consolidated
financial statements.

117

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

OUTLOOK 2024
Overview: 2023 results versus previous year’s outlook 1
2023 results versus previous year’s outlook for 2023

Allianz Group

Property-Casualty

Life/Health

Asset Management

Outlook 2023 – as per Annual Report 2022

Results 2023

Operating profit of € 14.2 bn, plus or minus € 1 bn.

Operating profit was € 14.7 bn.

Protect shareholder value while continuing to provide attractive returns and
dividends.

Core return on equity (RoE)1 was 16.0 %. Dividend proposal is € 13.80 per share. Furthermore, Allianz SE completed a € 1.5 bn
share buy-back program in 2023.

Selective profitable growth.

Total revenues increased by 8.0 % on an internal basis, compared to 2022.

Total business volume growth of 6 % to 8 %.

Total business volume increased by 8.4 %, above our target range. Internal growth was 11.2 %.

Operating profit of € 7.0 bn, plus or minus 10 %.

Operating profit of € 6.9 bn was well within our target range.

Combined ratio of approximately 93 %.

Combined ratio was at 93.8 %, missing our target.

Operating investment income (net) benefiting from increased interest-rate
environment while unwinding of discounted loss reserves weighing
negatively.

Operating investment income (net) increased, supporting our operating profit target.

Continue to focus on profitable growth; keep developing capital-efficient
products; expand to new markets. Total business volume expected to be in
the range of € 75.0 bn to € 85.0 bn.

Revenues were within the outlook range at € 77.9 bn.

Operating profit of € 5.0 bn, plus or minus 10 %.

Operating profit was € 5.2 bn.

Core RoE2 expected to be higher than in 2022.

16.3 % core RoE2 was higher than 2022.

Moderate increase in AuM, driven by recurrence to slightly positive market
returns combined with third-party net inflows at PIMCO and AllianzGI.

Total AuM increased by 3.8 %, third-party AuM by 4.7 %.

Operating profit € 3.0 bn, plus or minus 10 %.

Operating profit was € 3.1 bn.

Cost-income ratio around 62 %.

Cost-income ratio was 61.3 %.

1_Represents the ratio of shareholders‘ core net income to the average shareholders‘ equity at the beginning and at the end of the year. Shareholders’ core net income is adjusted for net financial charges related to undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity. From the average
shareholders‘ equity, undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity, unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and losses are excluded.
2_Effective 2023, core return on equity represents the ratio of shareholders’ core net income to the average shareholders’ equity at the beginning and at the end of the year. From the average shareholders’ equity, unrealized gains and losses from insurance contracts and other unrealized gains and
losses are excluded and participations in affiliates not already consolidated in this segment are deducted. The comparative period has been adjusted.

1_For more detailed information on the previous year’s outlook for 2023, please see the Annual Report 2022 from page 89 onwards.

118

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Economic outlook1

Insurance industry outlook

Asset management industry outlook

2024 is likely to be another year of interest rate reversals, but this time
in the opposite direction: the leading central banks will likely start to
cut key interest rates in the second half of the year. On the one hand,
this reflects the expectation that inflation is largely under control, as
annual average inflation will probably be within striking distance of
inflation targets in both the United States (2.3 %) and the eurozone
(2.5 %). On the other hand, it is a reaction to the continued weakness
in demand, which is fed by several sources: the delayed effect of
interest rate hikes on investment, declining fiscal policy support, and
depleted savings reserves. Overall, we therefore expect economic
growth to decline in 2024, falling by 0.3 percentage points to 2.4 %
worldwide; for the United States, we expect it to decline to 1.4 %
(-1.0 percentage points). Only the eurozone is likely to reach around
the previous year’s level with a rate of 0.8 %, as a return to positive
growth is assumed for Germany. China will also face headwinds, not
least due to its structural problems: we expect rather modest growth of
4.6 %.
Ongoing uncertainty about the timing and extent of the next
interest rate moves means volatility in the financial markets will remain
high in 2024. As the expected cuts in interest rates have already been
anticipated in many market prices, disappointment and
corresponding market reactions cannot be ruled out. Overall, equities
and bonds are likely to move more or less sideways.
The outlook for 2024 is subject to a special caveat since it is a
super election year. Citizens will go to the polls in countries that
account for 60 % of global economic output – from India to the United
States – with election results significantly impacting the economic and
geopolitical constellation. First and foremost, this applies to the U.S.
elections in November. The associated global political uncertainty is
fostering a wait-and-see-attitude among companies and households.
There is also the threat of rising political and social tensions as a result
of increasing polarization in a weak economic environment.

Inflation will remain a dominant topic for the insurance industry in
2024, as claims inflation is unlikely to fall as quickly as consumer price
inflation, mainly due to rising wages. However, continued premium
increases mean that pressure on underwriting results should ease. On
the other hand, the challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical
environment is hampering premium growth.
In view of the increasing geopolitical upheavals, climate-related
natural hazards, and technological risks worldwide, the need for risk
protection and prevention remains high. Thanks to its financial
strength, the insurance industry can meet these needs with innovative
solutions, so its role as a partner for strengthening social resilience will
continue to grow in importance.
Despite ongoing high volatility, the investment environment
should remain relatively friendly in 2024. The higher interest rate level
offers good opportunities for long-term investors, and insurers’
investment income is likely to continue to rise.
Premium growth in the property-casualty insurance sector will
continue at a slower pace; however, as in the previous year it is likely to
be driven primarily by rising prices. At the same time, claims
development remains challenging, with structural factors such as
increasing climate-related natural catastrophes also playing a role.
Investment income is expected to increase. As higher wages are
putting pressure on operating costs, increasing productivity through
fully digitalized processes is essential.
In the life insurance sector, providers are increasingly reflecting
the higher interest rate level in their products, which should benefit
demand for savings and pension products. This is possible because
awareness of the need for protection in old age not only remains high
but should also continue to rise in the future. The same applies to
demand in the risk business. Furthermore, higher investment income
will strengthen profitability.

In 2024, the asset management industry will probably face a different
economic landscape to 2023, and will also be impacted by
megatrends, including disruptive technologies and sustainability.
This challenging environment is an opportunity for active asset
management to demonstrate its value potential by focusing on
diversification and risk management, which help to deliver
outperformance.
With inflation falling and rate cuts expected in the United States
and the eurozone, there will be many opportunities in bond markets.
Fixed income will therefore be an important asset class for investors in
2024. Investment grade, for example, is likely to benefit from strong
yield levels, manageable supply and still decent fundamentals.
Demand for alternatives – especially private market assets – is also
expected to remain high. This trend is supported by investors looking
for both diversification and protection against inflation. Infrastructure
– including renewable energy – is expected to grow further, driven by
the effort to limit CO2 emissions. In this context, ESG-oriented
investments are becoming more complex and competitive, as many
investors seek ways to make a real-world impact by focusing on
environmental and inclusive-growth themes.
Technology, especially artificial intelligence (AI), will emerge as a
core part of the long-term opportunity set. AI will be increasingly
implemented and will help raise global productivity by both
automating laborious tasks and analyzing large data sets .
Margin pressure is very likely to persist, driven by passive products
as well as fierce competition. Despite this multifaceted situation, the
asset management industry meets all the prerequisites to remain
attractive and return to a long-term growth path.

1_The information presented in the sections “Economic outlook”, “Insurance industry outlook”, and “Asset
management industry outlook” is based on our own estimates.

119

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Overview: outlook and assumptions for
the Allianz Group in 2024

For further information on our ambitions for the period 2022 - 2024,
please see the section “Our business aspirations” in the Risk and
Opportunity Report.

Outlook 2024
Allianz Group

Operating profit of € 14.8 bn, plus or minus € 1 bn.
Protect shareholder value while continuing to provide
attractive returns and dividends.
Selective profitable growth.

Property-Casualty

Total business volume growth of 5 % to 7 %.
Operating profit of € 7.3 bn, plus or minus 10 %.
Combined ratio to be in a range of approximately 93 % to
94 %.
Operating investment income (net) further benefiting from
high interest-rate environment while unwinding of
discounted loss reserves weighing negatively.

Life/Health

Continue to focus on profitable growth; keep developing
capital-efficient products; expand to new markets. Total
business volume expected to be in the range of € 73.0 bn to
€ 83.0 bn.
Operating profit of € 5.2 bn, plus or minus 10 %.
Core RoE expected to be between 14.0 % and 17.0 %.

Asset Management

Moderate increase in AuM, driven by recurrence to slightly
positive market returns combined with third-party net
inflows at PIMCO and AllianzGI.
Operating profit of € 3.1 bn, plus or minus 10 %.
Cost-income ratio of approximately 61 %.

Management’s assessment of
expected revenues and earnings for
2024
In 2023, our total revenues were € 161.7 bn, a 5.5 % increase on a
nominal and an 8.0 % increase on an internal basis 1, compared to
2022. For 2024, we envisage 3 % growth overall, resulting from growth
in Property-Casualty and Asset Management, combined with
relatively stable revenues in Life/Health, owing to our selective focus
on profitable growth.
Our operating profit was € 14.7 bn in 2023. For 2024, we envisage
strong performance in all business segments and an overall operating
profit of € 14.8 bn, plus or minus € 1.0 bn.
Our core net income attributable to shareholders was € 9.1 bn in
2023. Consistent with our disclosure practice in the past and given the
sensitivity of our non-operating results to capital market
developments, we have chosen not to provide a precise outlook for net
income. However, since our outlook presumes no major disruptions in
our capital markets, we anticipate a positive development for both net
income and core net income in 2024.

Our outlook assumes no significant deviations from our underlying
assumptions – specifically:
−
−
−
−
−

interest rate environment to remain at a high level compared to
previous years,
no major volatility in the capital markets,
no disruptive fiscal or regulatory interference or major litigation,
level of claims from natural catastrophes at expected average
levels,
an average U.S. dollar-to-euro exchange rate of 1.091.
−

A 10 % weakening (strengthening) of the U.S. dollar, compared
to the assumed exchange rate of 1.091 to the euro, would have
a negative (positive) effect on Group operating profit of
approximately € 0.5 bn.

In this business segment, we expect total business volume to increase
by 5 % to 7 % in 2024 (total business volume growth in 2023: 8.4 %) due
to organic growth, which is supported by favorable price and volume
effects across our subsidiaries.
We believe that the rise in prices we saw in a number of markets
in 2023 will continue in 2024. That said, we will continue to focus on
achieving strong insurance service results by adhering to our strict
underwriting discipline, as in previous years.
Our combined ratio was 93.8 % in 2023, which is above target. In
2024, we envisage a combined ratio in the range of approximately
93 % to 94 %. The underlying assumption is that the aggregate effect of
improvements in pricing, claims management, and productivity will
compensate for inflation in attritional claims. The impact of
discounting loss reserves on our combined ratio depends on the

development of interest rate levels throughout 2024. As for impacts
from natural catastrophes, despite the highly volatile nature of such
catastrophes in recent years, we expect those claims to be at
approximately 3 %.
The investment income is expected to further benefit from the
high interest-rate environment, despite a likely reduction of interest
rates in the second half of 2024. Going forward, we will continue to
actively adapt our investment strategy to changing market conditions.
It should be noted that, with the introduction of the new IFRS 17
accounting standard, the unwinding of discounted loss reserves will
weigh on our investment income, dependent on interest rate levels of
prior years.
Overall, we expect our 2024 operating profit to be € 7.3 bn, plus
or minus 10 % (2023: € 6.9 bn).

Core RoE is one of the KPIs used in the financial steering of Life/Health.
In 2024, we expect this KPI to be between 14 % and 17 % (2023: 16.3 %).
We expect that CSM normalized growth will be between 4 % and 5 %,
which will support long-term stability and growth of operating profit.
At € 5.2 bn, the operating profit of our Life/Health business
segment was within the target range in 2023. For 2024, we expect an
operating profit of around € 5.2 bn, plus or minus 10 %.

For 2024, we envisage overall moderate third-party net inflows and
market returns at both PIMCO and AllianzGI, after a year of capital
market volatility and high inflation. Margins should remain relatively
stable, and we expect a normal level of performance fees, resulting in
modest operating revenue growth. We further assume an average
U.S. dollar-to-euro exchange rate of 1.091. All things considered and
reflecting our current asset base, we expect our 2024 operating profit
to be € 3.1 bn, plus or minus 10 % (2023: € 3.1 bn).
Our cost-income ratio should be approximately 61 % in
2024 (2023: 61.3 %) as we continue to invest in business growth. Over
the medium term, we expect to grow further; this also depends on the
market development.

In this business segment, we recorded an operating loss of € 0.5 bn in
2023. For 2024, we envisage an operating loss of € 0.8 bn plus or minus
10 %.

1_Operating revenues adjusted for foreign currency translation and (de)consolidation effects.

120

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Non-financial KPIs
As outlined in the “Our Steering” section in our Business Operations
chapter, we have also set ourselves non-financial targets. For further
information on the past and expected development of these nonfinancial KPIs, please refer to the Non-Financial Statement.

Financing, liquidity development,
and capitalization
The Allianz Group enjoys a very robust liquidity position and excellent
financial strength, as well as a healthy business mix and global
diversification. This allows us to maintain high performance, despite
challenges and market volatility faced by our insurance segment. The
Allianz Group’s Solvency II capitalization is well above regulatory
requirements.
As a result, we have full access to financial markets and are in a
position to raise financing at lower cost. We are determined to
maintain our financial flexibility, which is supported by both the
prudent steering of our liquidity resources, and our well-balanced debt
maturity profile.
We are managing our portfolios with great diligence, in order to
ensure that the Group has sufficient resources to back its solvency
capital and liquidity needs. In addition, we will continue to monitor the
sensitivity of our Solvency II capitalization ratio with regard to changes
in interest rates and spreads, by continuing to ensure prudent
asset/liability management and life product design.

will increase the regular payout ratio from 50 % to 60 % of the Group´s
net income attributable to shareholders, adjusted for extraordinary
and volatile items. For 2023, the Allianz SE Board of Management and
the Supervisory Board propose a dividend of € 13.80 per share.
In addition, as part of our policy to return capital to shareholders
on a flexible basis, Allianz SE executed nine share buy-back programs
with an aggregate volume of € 12.5 bn in the period from 2017 to
2023. An additional € 1.0 bn will be executed in 2024.
All of the above is subject to our sustainable Solvency II
capitalization ratio being above 150 % – which is considerably below
our year-end 2023 level of 206 % 2.

frequency and severity of insured loss events, including those resulting
from natural catastrophes, and the development of loss expenses, (v)
mortality and morbidity levels and trends, (vi) persistency levels, (vii)
the extent of credit defaults, (viii) interest rate levels, (ix) currency
exchange rates, most notably the EUR/USD exchange rate, (x)
changes in laws and regulations, including tax regulations, (xi) the
impact of acquisitions, including and related to integration issues and
reorganization measures, and (xii) the general competitive conditions
that, in each individual case, apply at a local, regional, national,
and/or global level. Many of these changes can be exacerbated by
terrorist activities.

Management’s overall assessment of
the Allianz Group’s current economic
situation

No duty to update

At the date of issuance of this Annual Report and based on current
information regarding natural catastrophes and capital market trends
– in particular foreign currency, interest rates, and equities – the Board
of Management has no indication of the Allianz Group facing any
major adverse developments.

Cautionary note regarding forwardlooking statements

Allianz management is committed to shareholder participation in the
economic development of the Allianz Group in the form of dividend
payments and share buy-back programs. Through prudent capital
management, the Allianz Group aims to maintain a healthy balance
between achieving attractive yields and investing in profitable
growth, while assuring an adequate capitalization. Due to our strong
business development and an attractive dividend policy, the dividend
has increased by an average of 10 % over the past 10 years (20132022). In the interest of an attractive dividend to our shareholders, we

This document includes forward-looking statements, such as prospects
or expectations, that are based on management’s current views and
assumptions and subject to known and unknown risks and
uncertainties. Actual results, performance figures, or events may differ
significantly from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking
statements.
Deviations may arise due to changes in factors including, but not
limited to, the following: (i) the general economic and competitive
situation in Allianz’s core business and core markets, (ii) the
performance of financial markets (in particular market volatility,
liquidity, and credit events), (iii) adverse publicity, regulatory actions or
litigation with respect to the Allianz Group, other well-known
companies, and the financial services industry generally, (iv) the

1_This represents management’s current state of planning and may be revised in the future. Also, note that
the decision regarding dividend payments in any given year is subject to specific dividend proposals by

the Management and Supervisory Boards, each of which may elect to deviate, if and as appropriate,
under the then prevailing circumstances, as well as to the approval of the Annual General Meeting.

Expected dividend development1

121

Allianz assumes no obligation to update any information or forwardlooking statement contained herein, save for any information we are
required to disclose by law.

2_Including the application of transitional measures for technical provisions, the Solvency II capitalization
ratio amounted to 229 % as of 31 December 2023.

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

BALANCE SHEET REVIEW
Shareholders’ equity1
Shareholders’ equity
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Paid-in capital

28,902

28,902

Delta
-

Undated subordinated bonds

4,764

4,843

(79)

Retained earnings

30,702

29,354

1,348

Foreign currency translation
adjustments

(2,883)

(3,048)

165

Unrealized gains and losses from
insurance contracts (net)

34,207

54,854

(20,647)

Other unrealized gains and losses
(net)

(37,215)

(60,490)

23,275

Total

58,477

54,415

4,062

Compared to 31 December 2022, shareholders’ equity increased by
€ 4.1 bn. The retained earnings were mainly decreased by the share
buy-back program with an amount of € 2.2 bn and the dividend
payout in May 2023 (€ 4.5 bn). This was compensated by the net
income attributable to shareholders of € 8.5 bn for the year ended
31 December 2023. The increase in other unrealized gains and losses
(net) of € 23.3 bn was almost offset by the decrease of unrealized
gains and loss from insurance contracts (net) with an amount of
€ 20.6 bn. The development of unrealized gains and losses is driven by
the increase of interest rate level over the course of the year 2023.

assets and total liabilities increased by € 47.3 bn and € 42.4 bn,
respectively.
The following section focuses on our financial investments in debt
instruments, equities, real estate, and cash, as these reflect the major
developments in our asset base.
For further information on our dominant balance sheet position,
the insurance liabilities, please refer to the chapter Insurance
Operations in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

The following portfolio overview covers the Allianz Group’s assets held
for investment, which are largely driven by our insurance businesses.

Total assets and total liabilities
As of 31 December 2023, total assets amounted to € 983.2 bn and
total liabilities were € 919.6 bn. Compared to year-end 2022, total

Asset allocation and fixed income portfolio overview
As of
31 December
2023

As of
31 December
2022

Delta

As of
31 December
2023

As of
31 December
2022

Type of investment

€ bn

€ bn

€ bn

%

%

%-p

Debt instruments, thereof:

557.1

534.8

22.3

75.6 %

76.0 %

(0.4)

Government bonds

187.6

182.2

5.4

33.7 %

34.1 %

(0.4)

Covered bonds

44.4

45.3

(0.9)

8.0 %

8.5 %

(0.5)

Corporate bonds

198.9

190.2

8.7

35.7 %

35.6 %

0.1

Other

126.2

117.1

9.1

22.7 %

21.9 %

0.8

Equities

48.1

49.1

(1.0)

6.5 %

7.0 %

(0.5)

Funds

73.6

66.6

7.0

10.0 %

9.5 %

0.5

Real estate

25.7

27.6

(2.0)

3.5 %

3.9 %

(0.4)

Delta

Other

32.4

25.2

7.2

4.4 %

3.6 %

0.8

Total

736.8

703.3

33.5

100.0 %

100.0 %

-

1_This does not include non-controlling interests of € 5,103 mn and € 4,320 mn as of 31 December 2023 and
2022, respectively. For further information, please refer to note 8.10 to the consolidated financial
statements.

122

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Compared to year-end 2022, our overall asset portfolio increased by
€ 33.5 bn, mainly in our debt instruments.
Our well-diversified exposure to debt instruments increased
compared to year-end 2022, mainly due to market movements. About
94 % of the debt portfolio was invested in investment-grade bonds and
loans. 1 Our government bonds portfolio contained bonds from France,
Germany, Italy, and the United States, representing 13.0 %, 12.4 %, 9.7 %
and 8.8 % of our portfolio shares. Our corporate bonds portfolio
contained bonds from the United States, the eurozone, and Europe excl.
the eurozone. They represented 41.7 %, 31.7 % and 12.3 % of our
portfolio shares.
Our exposure to equities decreased, mainly due to decreasing
volume.

Regulatory capital adequacy
For details on the regulatory capitalization of the Allianz Group, please
refer to our Risk and Opportunity Report.

Off-balance sheet arrangements
In the normal course of business, the Allianz Group may enter into
arrangements that do not lead to the recognition of assets and
liabilities in the consolidated financial statements under IFRS. Since
the Allianz Group does not rely on off-balance sheet arrangements as
a significant source of revenue or financing, our off-balance sheet
exposure to loss is immaterial relative to our financial position.
The Allianz Group enters into various commitments including loan
commitments, purchase obligations, and other commitments. For
more details, please refer to note 8.13 to the consolidated financial
statements.
The Allianz Group has also entered into contractual relationships
with various types of structured entities. They have been designed in
such a way that their relevant activities are directed by means of
contractual arrangements rather than voting or similar rights. Typically,
structured entities have been set up in connection with asset-backed
financing and certain investment fund products. For more details on
our involvement with structured entities, please refer to note 8.11 to the
consolidated financial statements.
Please refer to the Risk and Opportunity Report for a description
of the main concentrations of risk and other relevant risk positions.

1_Excluding self-originated German private retail mortgage loans. For 2 %, no ratings were available.

123

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING RESOURCES
Organization
The Allianz Group’s liquidity management is based on policies and
guidelines approved by the Allianz SE Board of Management.
Allianz SE and each of the operating entities are responsible for
managing their respective liquidity positions, while Allianz SE provides
central cash pooling for the Group. Capital allocation is managed by
Allianz SE for the entire Group. This structure allows the efficient use of
liquidity and capital resources, and enables Allianz SE to achieve the
desired liquidity and capitalization levels for the Group and its
operating entities.

Liquidity management of our
operating entities
The major sources of liquidity for our operational activities are
primary and reinsurance premiums received, reinsurance receivables
collected, investment income, and proceeds generated from the
maturity or sale of investments. These funds are mainly used to pay
claims arising from the Property-Casualty insurance business and
related expenses, life policy benefits, surrenders and cancellations,
acquisition costs, and operating costs.
We receive a large part of premiums before payments of claims
or policy benefits are required, generating solid cash flows from our
insurance operations. This allows us to invest the funds in the interim to
create investment income.
Our insurance operations also carry a high proportion of liquid
investments, which can be converted into cash to pay for claims.
Generally, our investments in fixed-income securities are sequenced to
mature when funds are expected to be needed.
The overall liquidity of our insurance operations depends on
capital market developments, interest rate levels, and our ability to
realize the market value of our investment portfolio to meet insurance
claims and policyholder benefits. Other factors affecting the liquidity
of our Property-Casualty insurance operations include the timing,
frequency, and severity of losses underlying our policies and policy

124

renewal rates. In our Life operations, liquidity needs are generally
influenced by trends in actual mortality rates compared to the
assumptions underlying our life insurance reserves. Market returns,
crediting rates, and the behavior of our life insurance clients – for
example, regarding the level of surrenders and withdrawals – can
also have a significant impact.

Within our Asset Management operations, the most important sources
of liquidity are fees generated from asset management activities.
These are primarily used to cover operating expenses.

Liquidity management and funding of
Allianz SE
The main responsibility for managing the funding needs of the
Allianz Group, maximizing access to liquidity sources and optimizing
the trade off between borrowing costs, balancing the maturity profile,
and the choice between senior and subordinated funding instruments,
lies with Allianz SE. As such, the following sections include comments
on the liquidity and funding resources of Allianz SE. Restrictions on the
transferability of capital within the Group mainly result from the capital
maintenance rules under applicable corporate laws as well as from
the regulatory solvency capital requirements for regulated Group
companies.

Allianz SE ensures adequate access to liquidity and capital for our
operating entities. The main sources of liquidity available to Allianz SE
are dividends received from its subsidiaries and external funding
raised in the capital markets. Liquidity resources are defined as readily
available assets – specifically cash, money market securities, and
highly liquid fixed-income securities. Our funds are primarily used
for interest payments on our debt funding, operating costs, internal
and external growth investments, and dividends or share buy-backs to
our shareholders.

Allianz SE’s access to external funds depends on various factors such
as capital market conditions, access to credit facilities, credit ratings,
and credit capacity. The financial resources available to Allianz SE in
the capital markets for short-, mid- and long-term funding needs are
described below. In general, mid- to long-term financing is covered by
issuing senior bonds, subordinated bonds or ordinary no-par value
shares.

Share capital
As of 31 December 2023, the issued share capital as registered at the
Commercial Register was € 1,169,920,000. This was divided into
391,718,983 no-par value shares. As of 31 December 2023, the
Allianz Group held 260,394 (2022: 1,724,834 ) own shares.
Allianz SE has the option to increase its share capital according to
authorizations provided by the Annual General Meeting. The following
table outlines Allianz SE’s capital authorizations as of 31 December 2023:
Capital authorizations of Allianz SE
Capital authorization

Nominal amount

Expiry date of
the authorization

Authorized Capital
2022/I1

€ 467,968,000

3 May 2027

Authorized Capital
2022/II2

€ 15,000,000

3 May 2027

Conditional Capital
20223

€ 116,992,000

3 May 2027

1_For issuance of shares against contribution in cash and/or in kind.
2_For issuance of shares to employees (without shareholders’ subscription rights).
3_To cover conversion or option rights of holders of bonds.

For further information on our share capital and regarding
authorizations to issue and repurchase shares, please refer to the
chapter Takeover-Related Statements and Explanations (part of the
Group Management Report).

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Long-term debt funding
As of 31 December 2023, Allianz SE had senior and subordinated
bonds with a variety of maturities outstanding, reflecting our focus on
long-term financing. As the cost and availability of external funding
may be negatively affected by general market conditions or by
matters specific to the financial services industry or the Allianz Group,
we seek to reduce refinancing risk by actively steering the maturity
profile of our funding structure.
Maturity structure of Allianz SE’s senior and subordinated bonds1

Interest expenses on senior bonds increased, mainly due to higher
funding costs on average in 2023. For subordinated bonds classified
as debt, the increase of interest expenses was mainly driven by higher
amounts outstanding on average in 2023.

As of 31 December

€ mn

Contractual maturity date
As of 31 December

Up to 1
year

1–5
years

Over 5
years

Nominal
value

Carrying
value2

€ mn

€ mn

€ mn

Interest
expenses

Weightedaverage
interest
rate3

€ mn

%

2023
Total

2023

Senior bonds4

7,366

7,407

(119)

122

1.6

Subordinated bonds
(debt)5

12,556

12,715

(71)

460

3.7

303

3,462

3,641

7,407

Total bonds (debt)

19,922

20,121

(190)

581

2.9

Fair value hedge effects related
to senior bonds

-

-

(119)

(119)

Subordinated bonds
(equity)6

4,763

4,764

-

142

3.0

Subordinated bonds (debt)4,5

-

-

12,715

12,715

Fair value hedge effects related
to subordinated bonds (debt)

-

(71)

-

(71)

303

3,391

16,237

19,931

Subordinated bonds (equity)

-

-

4,764

4,764

Total bonds (equity)

-

-

4,764

4,764

751

3,002

4,380

8,132

Senior bonds2,3

Total bonds (debt)

2022
Senior bonds3
Fair value hedge effects related
to senior bonds

-

-

(130)

(130)

Subordinated bonds (debt)5

-

-

12,096

12,096

Fair value hedge effects related
to subordinated bonds (debt)

-

(101)

-

(101)

751

2,901

16,346

19,998

Subordinated bonds (equity)

-

-

4,843

4,843

Total bonds (equity)

-

-

4,843

4,843

Total bonds (debt)

1_Based on carrying value (including accrued interest).
2_A senior bond of € 0.75 bn was redeemed in 2023.
3_As of 31 December 2023, includes accrued interest of € 80 mn (2022: € 79 mn).
4_Includes the issuance of two subordinated bonds (€ 1.25 bn and USD 1.0 bn) and the redemption
of a € 1.5 bn subordinated bond in 2023.
5_As of 31 December 2023, includes accrued interest of € 183 mn (2022: € 147 mn).

Total bonds
(equity)

Issuances and redemptions of Allianz SE’s senior and subordinated
bonds
€ mn

Senior and subordinated bonds issued or guaranteed by Allianz SE1
Fair
value
hedge
effects

The following table details the long-term debt issuances and
redemptions/buy-backs of Allianz SE during 2023 and 2022:

As of 31 December

Issuances1

Redemptions/
buy-backs1

Issuance net
of redemptions/
buy-backs

2023
Senior bonds

-

750

(750)

Subordinated bonds (debt)

2,166

1,500

666

Subordinated bonds (equity)

-

-

-

2022
Senior bonds

-

1,500

(1,500)

Subordinated bonds (debt)

2,500

1,500

1,000

Subordinated bonds (equity)

-

-

-

1_Based on nominal value.

4,763

4,764

-

142

3.0

Senior bonds4

8,095

8,132

(130)

118

1.4

Subordinated bonds
(debt)5

11,968

12,096

(101)

429

3.6

Total bonds (debt)

20,063

20,228

(231)

547

2.7

Subordinated bonds
(equity)6

4,842

4,843

-

119

3.0

Total bonds
(equity)

4,842

4,843

-

119

3.0

2022

1_For further information on Allianz SE debt (issued or guaranteed) as of 31 December 2023,
please refer to note 7.3 to the consolidated financial statements.
2_Carrying value including accrued interest.
3_Based on nominal value.
4_As of 31 December 2023, carrying value includes accrued interest of € 80 mn (2022: € 79 mn).
5_As of 31 December 2023, carrying value includes accrued interest of € 183 mn (2022: € 147 mn).
6_Interest expenses include interest and fees paid (not part of the Consolidated Income
Statement).

Funding in non-euro currencies enables us to diversify our investor
base or to take advantage of favorable funding costs in those markets.
Funds raised in non-euro currencies are incorporated in our general
hedging strategy. As of 31 December 2023, approximately 24.0 %
(2022: 20.7 %) of the long-term debt was issued or guaranteed by
Allianz SE in currencies other than the euro.
Currency allocation of Allianz SE’s senior and subordinated bonds1
€ mn

As of 31 December

Euro

Non-euro

Total

18,750

5,935

24,685

19,750

5,155

24,905

2023
Senior and subordinated bonds
(debt and equity)
2022
Senior and subordinated bonds
(debt and equity)
1_Based on nominal value.

125

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Short-term debt funding
The Medium-Term Note Program and the Commercial Paper
Program constitute the available short-term sources of funding.
Money market securities slightly decreased in the use of commercial
paper, compared to the previous year-end. Interest expenses on
money market securities increased, mainly due to higher funding costs
on average in 2023.
Money market securities of Allianz SE
As of 31 December

Carrying
value

Interest
expenses

Average
interest rate

€ mn

€ mn

%

1,103

48

4.4

1,123

12

1.1

2023
Money market securities

Allianz Group consolidated cash flows
Annual changes in cash and cash equivalents1
€ mn

2023

2022

Delta

Net cash flow provided by operating
activities

24,462

17,952

6,510

Net cash flow used in investing
activities

(12,007)

(14,992)

2,986

Net cash flow used in financing
activities

(5,724)

(4,367)

(1,357)

Change in cash and cash
equivalents2

6,262

(1,140)

7,402

1_As of 1 January 2023, some changes have been made to the classification of cash flows from
operating, investing and financing activities to reflect the cash flows in the most useful manner
for the Allianz Group. These changes have also been reflected in comparative periods.
2_Includes effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents of € (468) mn and
€ 268 mn in 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Net cash outflow used in financing activities increased by
€ 1.4 bn and amounted to € 5.7 bn in 2023. This development was
largely driven by lower net cash inflows from liabilities to banks and
customers and other financial liabilities as well as higher net cash
outflows from the Allianz SE share buy-back program. Lower net cash
outflows from our refinancing activities and higher net cash inflows
from transactions between equityholders partially offset these effects.
Cash and cash equivalents increased by € 6.3 bn, mainly
stemming from our Life/Health business operations in Germany and
the United States.
For further information on the above, please refer to our
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.

2022
Money market securities

The Allianz Group maintained its A-1+/Prime-1 ratings for short-term
issuances. We can therefore continue funding our liquidity under the
Euro Commercial Paper Program at an average rate below Euribor,
and under the U.S. Dollar Commercial Paper Program at an average
rate slightly above SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate).
Further potential sources of short-term funding that allow the
Allianz Group to fine-tune its capital structure include letter of
credit facilities and bank credit lines.

126

Net cash flow provided by operating activities increased by € 6.5 bn
to € 24.5 bn in 2023. This figure comprises net income plus adjustments
for non-cash charges, credits, and other items included in net earnings,
as well as cash flows related to the net change in operating assets and
liabilities. Net income after adding back non-cash charges and similar
items decreased by € 10.5 bn to € 20.5 bn in 2023. Operating cash
flows from net changes in operating assets and liabilities rose by
€ 17.0 bn. This was mainly driven by higher net changes from our
insurance and investment contract liabilities with partially offsetting
effects from financial assets for unit-linked contracts. In addition, last
year we recorded the settlement of the majority of the provision
related to the Structured Alpha matter.
Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased by € 3.0 bn to
€ 12.0 bn in 2023. This was mainly due to net cash inflows from
derivative assets and liabilities after material net cash outflows in
2022, in particular in our Life/Health business operations. Lower net
cash inflows from investments measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income mainly in our Life/Health business operations
in Germany, France, and the United States, as well as higher net cash
outflows from investments measured at fair value through profit or
loss, partly compensated this effect.

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

RECONCILIATIONS
The analysis in the previous chapters is based on our consolidated
financial statements and should be read in conjunction with them. In
addition to our figures stated in accordance with the International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), the Allianz Group uses total
business volume, operating profit, shareholders’ core net income, and
internal growth to enhance the understanding of our results. These
additional measures should be viewed as complementary to, rather
than a substitute for, our figures determined according to IFRS.
For further information, please refer to note 5 to the consolidated
financial statements.

Internal growth
We believe that an understanding of our total business volume
performance is enhanced when the effects of foreign currency
translation as well as acquisitions, disposals, and transfers (or
“changes in scope of consolidation”) are analyzed separately.
Accordingly, in addition to presenting nominal total business volume
growth, we also present internal growth, which excludes these effects.
Reconciliation of nominal total business volume growth
to internal total business volume growth
%

Total business volume

Internal
growth

Total business volume comprises gross premiums written as well as fee
and commission income in Property-Casualty, statutory gross
premiums in Life/Health, and operating revenues in Asset
Management.
Composition of total business volume

Changes in
scope of
consolidation

Foreign
currency
translation

Nominal
growth

8.4

2023 1
Property-Casualty

11.2

1.0

(3.7)

Life/Health

5.6

(0.3)

(1.8)

3.5

Asset Management

2.4

(1.8)

(2.4)

(1.8)

Allianz Group

8.0

0.2

(2.7)

5.5

1_For 2022, not applicable due to the implementation of IFRS 9 and IFRS 17.

€ mn

2023

2022

76,531

70,613

Gross premiums written

73,998

68,222

Fee and commission income

2,534

2,391

77,878

75,258

8,086

8,234

7,960

8,211

Property-Casualty
Total business volume
consisting of:

Life/Health
Statutory gross premiums
Asset Management
Operating revenues
consisting of:
Net fee and commission income
Net investment result

95

7

Other income and expenses

31

16

Consolidation
Allianz Group total business volume

127

(795)

(781)

161,700

153,324

Annual Report 2023 – Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

RISK AND OPPORTUNITY REPORT
Target and strategy of risk
management
Allianz aims to ensure that the Group is adequately capitalized at all
times and that Allianz SE and all other related undertakings meet or
exceed their respective regulatory capital requirements for the benefit
of both shareholders and policyholders.
In addition, we take the requirements of rating agencies into
account. While capital requirements imposed by regulators constitute
a binding constraint, meeting rating agencies’ capital requirements
and maintaining strong credit ratings are strategic business objectives.
We closely monitor the capital position and risk concentrations of
the Group, Allianz SE and its other related undertakings, and apply
regular stress tests (including standardized, historical, and reverse
stress test scenarios as well as monthly stress and scenario analyses
focusing on current and possible future developments). These analyses
allow us to take appropriate measures to preserve our continued
capital and solvency strength. For example, the risk capital reflecting
the risk profile and the cost of capital is an important aspect that is
considered in business decisions. Furthermore, we ensure a close
alignment of the risk and business strategy by the fact that business
decisions to achieve our set targets are taken within the determined
risk appetite and in line with the risk strategy. The implemented sound
processes to steer the business and assess and manage associated
risks ensure a continuous alignment of the risk and business strategy,
and enable us to detect and address any potential deviations.
In addition, our liquidity risk management framework ensures that
all legal entities in scope are responsible for managing their liquidity
risks and maintaining a sufficient liquidity position under both market
and business conditions (expected as well as stressed).

Risk governance system and internal
control system
As a provider of financial services, we consider risk management,
including an internal control system (ICS), to be a core competency
and an integral part of our business. Our risk management framework
covers all operations and subsidiaries within the Group in proportion
to the inherent risks of their activities, ensuring that risks across the
Group are consistently identified, analyzed, assessed, and adequately
managed. The key elements of our risk management and internal
control system framework are:
−
−

−

−

−
−
−

−
−

Risk identification, assessment and underwriting: A robust system
of risk identification, assessment and underwriting forms the
foundation for appropriate risk management decisions.
Supporting activities include standards for underwriting, valuation
methods, individual transaction and new product approvals,
emerging/operational/top risk assessments, liquidity risk and
scenario analyses, amongst others.
Risk strategy and risk appetite: Our risk strategy defines our risk
appetite in line with our business strategy. It ensures that rewards
are appropriate based on the risks taken and the required capital.
It also ensures that delegated decision-making bodies work in line
with our overall risk-bearing capacity and strategy.

Risk reporting and monitoring: Our comprehensive qualitative
and quantitative risk monitoring and reporting framework
provides management with the transparency needed to assess
whether our risk profile remains within the approved limits and to
identify emerging issues and risks quickly. For example, risk
dashboard and limit utilization reports as well as scenario
analyses and stress tests are regularly prepared and
communicated.
Communication and transparency: Transparent risk disclosure
provides the basis for communicating our strategy and
performance to internal and external stakeholders, ensuring a
sustainable positive impact on valuation and financing. It also
strengthens the risk awareness and risk culture.

In order to support these pillars, especially risk identification,
assessment and monitoring, the Allianz Group has established an ICS,
which consists of both specific risk controls and further control
elements. Its objectives are to:

Our risk management system is based on the following four pillars:

−

128

Promotion of a strong risk management culture, supported by a
robust risk governance structure.
Consistent and proportional application of an integrated risk
capital framework to protect our capital base and support
effective capital management.
Integration of risk considerations and capital needs into
management and decision-making processes by attributing risk
and allocating capital to business segments, products, and
strategies.

−

Safeguard the Group’s existence and business continuity.
Ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Create a strong internal control environment, ensuring that all
personnel are aware of the importance of internal controls and
their role within the internal control system.
Provide the management bodies with the relevant information for
their decision-making processes.

Notwithstanding the oversight exercised by the Supervisory Board of
the Allianz SE, controls are performed within the Allianz Group in terms
of control areas, activities, and reporting, taking into account
independence requirements, where applicable. The controls are
embedded into the operational and organizational set-up throughout
the Allianz Group and are subject to periodic reviews. Where
appropriate, internationally recognized control frameworks such as
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) or the IT-related Control Objectives for
Information and Related Technology (COBIT) are used.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Internal controls, therefore, describe the set of activities
undertaken by and within the Allianz Group to achieve defined control
objectives, applied across all business segments and lines of business.
These controls help to continuously review the effectiveness of the
relevant processes and procedures (including operations and
reporting), their coherence and proportionality within the Group, and
to identify potential actions for the timely rectification of deficiencies.
The ICS of the Allianz Group encompasses the entirety of activities
undertaken to perform controls in different areas.
The ICS comprises various control concepts. Besides general
elements related to all control activities, and in addition to the Risk
Management Framework, specific controls are utilized, in particular,
but not exclusively, around entity level controls, financial reporting, IT,
risk capital calculation, underwriting (including products and
distribution), investments, data privacy, customer protection, and
protection/resilience. These are supplemented by management
reports.

Control system for financial and non-financial reporting

Governance

Specific internal controls for financial reporting, which follow the NonFinancial Risk Management (NFRM) approach and the general
Integrated Risk and Control System (IRCS), are embedded in the
accounting and consolidation processes to safeguard the accuracy,
completeness, and consistency of the information provided in our
financial statements.

Group Accounting & Reporting and other Group center functions, the
Group Disclosure Committee, and our operating entities support the
Allianz SE Board of Management to ensure the completeness,
accuracy, and reliability of our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Group Accounting & Reporting also helps to ensure that non-financial
reporting requirements are fulfilled and that data quality requirements
are adhered to.
The Group Disclosure Committee ensures that the Board
members are made aware of all material information that could affect
our disclosures and assesses the completeness and accuracy of the
information provided in the quarterly statements, half-year and
annual financial reports (including the Non-Financial Statement) as
well as in the Solvency and Financial Condition Report and the
Regular Supervisory Report. In 2023, the Group Disclosure Committee
met on a quarterly basis before the quarterly statements and financial
reports were issued. In addition, the Group Disclosure Committee
reviewed and approved the Solvency II reports prior to issuance.
Subsidiaries within the scope of our control system are individually
responsible for adhering to the Group’s internal governance and
control policy and for creating local Disclosure Committees that are
similar to the Group-level committee. The entities’ CEOs and CFOs
provide periodic signoffs to the management of Allianz SE, certifying
the effectiveness of their local systems of internal control as well as the
completeness, accuracy, and reliability of financial data and nonfinancial information reported to the Holding.

The dedicated financial reporting control system approach can be
summarized as follows:
−

Integrated Risk and Control System for financial
and non-financial reporting
The following information is provided pursuant to §289(4) and §315(4)
of the German Commercial Code (“Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB”). For
general information about our Integrated Risk and Control System
(IRCS) and the Non-Financial Risk Management (NFRM), please refer
to the section “Operational risk”.

−
−

Accounting and consolidation processes
The accounting and consolidation processes we use to produce our
Consolidated Financial Statements are based on a central
consolidation and reporting IT solution and local general ledger
solutions. The latter are largely harmonized throughout the Group,
using standardized processes, master data, posting logics, and
interfaces for data delivery to the Holding. Access rights to accounting
systems are managed according to strict authorization and hierarchylinked procedures.
Accounting rules for the classification, valuation, and disclosure of
all items in the balance sheet, the income statement, and notes related
to the annual and interim financial statements are defined primarily in
our Group accounting manual.

129

−
−

A centrally developed risk catalog is linked to individual accounts.
This risk catalog is reviewed on a yearly basis and is the starting
point for the definition of the Group’s as well as the operating
entities’ scope of financial reporting risks. In the course of the
scoping process, both materiality and susceptibility to a
misstatement are considered simultaneously. In addition to the
quantitative calculation, we also consider qualitative criteria, such
as the expected increase in business volume or the complexity of
transactions.
Based on the centrally provided risk catalog, our local entities
identify risks that could lead to material financial misstatements.
Preventive and detective key controls addressing financial
reporting risks have been put in place to reduce the likelihood and
impact of financial misstatements. When a potential risk is
detected or materializes, actions are taken to reduce the impact of
the financial misstatement. Given the strong dependence of
financial reporting processes on information technology systems,
we have also implemented IT controls.
Operating entity level controls to address non-financial reporting
risks have been introduced and will be expanded going forward.
Group Audit and local internal audit functions ensure that these
controls are subject to regular control testing, in order to assure
reasonable design and operating effectiveness. Internal Audit
does so through a comprehensive risk-based approach that
assesses the key controls of the company’s internal procedures
and processes, including local and group-internal controls over
financial reporting risks, from an integrated perspective.

Compliance management system
The risk management system encompasses both a set of principles for
specifically addressing the operational and reputational risks
stemming from non-compliance with laws, regulations, and other
external requirements that represent a significant compliance risk
(hereafter referred to as “compliance risks”), as well as their reflection
in internal corporate rules.
For the management of compliance risks, Allianz maintains a
Compliance Management System (CMS). At the center of the CMS,
Allianz has established compliance functions at the levels of the
Allianz Group and the local operating entities as part of the Second
Line of Defense. For details of the CMS, or more specifically of anticorruption and bribery matters, please refer to the Non-Financial
Statement.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Management assessment 1
The management feels comfortable with the Group’s overall risk
profile. It has no indication that, as of 31 December 2023, our risk
management system or internal control system is inappropriate or
ineffective, and is therefore confident that they meet both the
challenges of a rapidly changing environment and day-to-day
business needs.
This assessment is based on several factors:
−

−

−

−

−

We run an established system to monitor the effectiveness of the
internal control system and to report and promptly address
deficiencies, such as control failures, operational loss events,
financial limit breaches, or system of governance issues. On a
quarterly basis, the Group’s Internal Control System Report is
jointly prepared by the Group‘s key control functions, and shared
with the Supervisory Board Audit Committee and the members of
the Board of Management of the Allianz SE. The report
aggregates and rates the severity of known weaknesses in the
internal control system, while also tracking their timely and
satisfactory resolution.
Our Group risk management framework, including the Group’s
internal control system, are regularly the subject of audit activities
performed by our Group’s Internal Audit function.
In addition, external auditors are independently and regularly
reviewing Allianz Group’s risk governance as well as performing
quality reviews of risk processes, including the ICS.
An assessment of the effectiveness of the Allianz operating entities’
Risk Management functions, as well as of the implementation
maturity of the risk management framework and corresponding
risk management processes, is performed following the Risk
Assessment, Diagnostics, Analysis and Reporting (RADAR) process.
Allianz has dedicated guidelines and policies that clearly define
the general principles, the roles and responsibilities, as well as the
processes, for both the risk management framework and the
internal control system.

preparation for CSRD implementation, including
identification of where improvements are necessary.

the

early

Structured Alpha funds of AllianzGI U.S.
As highlighted in our prior year report, the settlement of Structured
Alpha related litigations was finalized both with investors and the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission. While the uncertainties linked to
this litigation have now been completely curtailed, the Allianz Group
continues to exercise diligence in assuring that the Asset Management
segment’s internal control systems, as well as those of the Group,
benefit from the key learnings stemming from this event. We continue
to enhance risk management, compliance, and other assurance
measures. This covers not only our response to Structured Alpha
derived root causes, but we have ensured that periodic reviews of our
internal controls systems’ frameworks and underlying procedures also
remain sensitive to a constant and rapidly evolving risk landscape.
Going beyond Management’s evaluation of control measures
and tactics, various audits undertaken by both internal and external
auditors have been completed to confirm the robustness and
persistence of the internal control system. The Asset Management
segment in particular has also undergone various regulatory reviews
and audits throughout various regions, and no significant issues or
topics have been raised by the regulators.
As part of our settlement procedures, Allianz has also completed
control environment assessment steps related to our U.S. investment
advisory services. These assessments were finalized and conclusions
reported to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission earlier in
2023. As this was one of the final key milestones, the Allianz Group has
fulfilled its legal obligations to the U.S. authorities.
In addition to efforts triggered by the AllianzGI Structured Alpha
matter, a strengthening of trainings for safeguarding functions and
Allianz Global Executives further improved the Allianz Group’s risk
management framework in the last year.

Our business aspirations

Allianz will be required to comply with Corporate Sustainability
Reporting Directive (CSRD) regulations by the end of the financial year
2024. While the new CSRD reporting requirements are being
established, our internal control system is undergoing continual
enhancements. A dedicated project helps to ensure diligent

The Board of Management of Allianz SE has defined the following
objectives for the Allianz Group’s medium-term strategy, building on
the success of the efforts to simplify the company, with the motto
“Simplicity at Scale”:

1_Unaudited.

2_Based on IFRS 4.

130

−

−

−

Growth: We consistently seek to capture growth opportunities for
our business, and to create growth opportunities for our
employees. This is how we ensure our leading market position. Due
to our full breadth of products and services, we offer
comprehensive solutions that meet our customers’ needs and
make us a trusted partner.
Margin Expansion: We need to be profitable and efficient. To do
so we are continuously improving our productivity, including in our
distribution channels, while seeking to grow in high margin
business segments. Additionally, we will continue our
transformation so that our processes are simpler, digital, and
scalable.
Capital Efficiency: We consistently seek ways to use our capital in
the most effective way and take action when, among others, it falls
below our RoE threshold.

These objectives have been translated into clear ambitions for the
2022 to 2024 period. With regard to financial performance, we strive
for a return on equity (excluding unrealized gains/losses on bonds 2) of
more than 13 %, while aiming to grow our earnings per share from € 21
(baseline full year 2021, as communicated in the Allianz Capital
Markets Day 2021) to approximately € 25 3 by 2024 (reflecting a
compound annual growth rate of 5 % to 7 %).
To ensure the sustainability of our performance, we have set
ourselves non-financial targets that reflect strong underlying
organizational health. For customer loyalty, our ambition is for more
than 50 % of the business segments of our entities to be or become
rated by their customers as a “loyalty leader” in terms of the digital Net
Promoter Score (dNPS) by 2024. In terms of employee engagement,
our ambition is to score above 75 % on the Inclusive Meritocracy Index.
At the same time, we have also set the target to become a clear leader
in sustainability and diversity.

Our business strategy
To implement these strategic objectives, to realize our growth
ambition, and to accelerate our value creation, we have defined five
additional strategic areas of focus:
−

Transforming the Life/Health and Asset Management franchise:
Fully address protection and savings needs and accelerate
transformation to a capital-efficient model, leveraging our

3_Mid-point of our EPS target range.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

−

−

−

−

strengths in Asset Management to deliver investor-defined
risk/return requirements, through various investment disciplines.
Expanding our Property & Casualty leadership position: Beat the
best players in each market, building on productivity gains and
scale, in retail motor and beyond.
Boosting growth through scalable platforms: Scale our customerfacing platforms and build new operating platforms to grow our
business volume and margin.
Deepening the global vertical integration and execution of
agility: Verticalize operating models across lines of business to
unleash value from our skills and scale.
Reinforcing capital productivity and resilience: Retain industryleading financial strength and unlock further value creation
potential through an improved risk/return profile and an active
management and reduction of tail-risk exposure. Our focus on
capital resilience is matched with a focus on talent development
and diversity that also strengthens our organizational resilience.

−

−

−

−

−
Allianz SE’s Board of Management has also defined a strategy for the
management of risks. This risk strategy places particular emphasis on
ensuring the integrity of the Allianz brand and reputation, remaining
solvent even in the event of extremely adverse scenarios, maintaining
sufficient liquidity to meet financial obligations, and providing resilient
profitability.

Worldwide, there is growth potential from providing our asset
management clients (institutional and retail) with opportunities to
invest in both private and public markets, pursue returns
commensurate with their stated risk appetites, and engage in
various investment strategies, be they equity, fixed income or
alternatives.
Building on our strong footprint in Europe, we aim to profit from
ongoing consolidations, transform the capital productivity of in
force businesses, and gain market share in previously unexploited
markets.
Together with our partners, we capture opportunities in
bancassurance as well as future embedded insurance solutions
across products and geographies, tapping into new customer
segments.
We are enhancing Allianz’s unit-linked platform by converging the
Group factory expertise from Life Insurance and Asset
Management.
We are focusing on sustainability by realizing ESG-based
investment products, social value-added insurance coverages
(e.g., flood, earthquake, and storm) and health prevention
products (e.g., oncological).

Opportunities

In a continuously evolving market where the demands of customers
constantly change, our knowledge of the industry and our expertise in
product development and risk management offers us great
opportunities to create timely customer-focused solutions.

Our financial strength renders us resilient against market stress, while
our ongoing transformation creates capabilities allowing us to profit
from new opportunities in a fast-changing business environment. For
example:

Supervisory Board and Board of Management

−

−

−

−

We are continuously simplifying our products and processes,
harmonizing them across our businesses to consequently exploit
economies of scale.
We scale our customer-facing platforms (e.g., Mobility, Health, and
Travel) and integrate our business models with digital
marketplaces for customers and business partners (e.g., claims).
Building on a strong customer base, a deep understanding of
customer needs, and excellence in distribution, we strive to achieve
customer loyalty leadership in all countries we operate in.
In fast-growing regions, including Asia-Pacific, we are wellpositioned to capture growth opportunities from increasing
customer demand for Health & Protection.

131

Our approach to risk governance permits the integrated
management of local and global risks and ensures that our risk
profile remains consistent with both our risk strategy and our capacity
to bear risks.
Within our risk governance system, the Supervisory Board and the
Board of Management of Allianz SE have both Allianz SE and groupwide responsibilities.
The Board of Management formulates business objectives and
sets a corresponding business strategy, risk strategy, and investment
strategy. It also defines risk limits and allocates risk capital to the
business activities within the Allianz Group. The core elements of the
risk framework are set out in the Allianz Group Risk Policy and

approved by the Board of Management. The Board of
Management reports to the Supervisory Board.
The Supervisory Board advises, challenges, and supervises the
Board of Management in the execution of its management activities.
The following committees support the Board and the Supervisory
Board on risk issues:

Supervisory Board Risk Committee
The Supervisory Board Risk Committee reports to the Supervisory
Board, where the information and the findings are discussed with the
Board of Management. It monitors the effectiveness of the Allianz risk
management framework. Furthermore, it focuses on risk-related
developments as well as general risks and specific risk exposures, and
ensures that the business strategy is aligned with the risk strategy.
For more information, please refer to the paragraph “Risk
Committee” in the Supervisory Board Report.

Group Finance and Risk Committee
In the context of the Group’s Committee Framework, the Group
Finance and Risk Committee (GFRC) reports to the Board of
Management and provides oversight of the Group’s and Allianz SE’s
risk management framework, acting as a primary early-warning
function by monitoring the Allianz Group’s and Allianz SE’s risk profiles
as well as the availability of capital. The GFRC also ensures that an
adequate relationship between return and risk is maintained.
Additionally, the GFRC defines risk standards, is the limit-setting
authority within the framework set by the Board of Management, and
approves major financing and capital management transactions.
Finally, the GFRC supports the Board of Management with
recommendations regarding the capital structure, capital allocation,
liquidity position, and investment strategy, including strategic asset
allocation for the different business segments.

Overall risk organization and roles in risk management
A comprehensive system of risk governance is achieved via the Policy
Framework by setting standards related to organizational structure,
risk strategy and appetite, limit systems, documentation, and
reporting. These standards ensure the accurate and timely flow of riskrelated information (e.g., to the Board of Management via the
Management Reporting) and a disciplined approach towards
decision-making and execution at both the global level (Board of
Management of Allianz SE) and local levels (i.e., the Operating and
Legal Entities).
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

In the Three Lines of Defense model, as a general principle, the
responsibility for the First Line of Defense rests with business managers
in the related undertaking. They are responsible for both the risks
taken and the returns from their decisions. The Second Line of Defense
is made up of independent global oversight functions including Risk,
Actuarial, Compliance, and Legal, which support the Board of
Management in defining the risk frameworks within which the business
can operate. Group Audit forms the Third Line of Defense,
independently and regularly reviewing risk governance
implementation, compliance with risk principles, performing quality
reviews of risk processes, and testing adherence to business standards,
including the internal control framework.
To ensure the effectiveness of our internal control system, all
functions are obliged to cooperate and exchange necessary
information and advice. Given that control activities may be exercised
by staff in different organizational units, appropriate mechanisms are
in place between the control functions to allow fully informed and
educated decision-making.

Group Risk Management function
Group Risk is managed by the Group Chief Risk Officer, who also serves
as the Chief Risk Officer of Allianz SE. Group Risk supports Allianz SE’s
Board of Management, including its committees, by performing
various analyses, communicating information related to risk
management, and preparing and implementing committee
decisions.
Group Risk also supports the Board of Management in
developing the risk management framework – which covers risk
governance, risk strategy and appetite – and risk monitoring and
reporting. Group Risk’s operational responsibility encompasses
assessing risks across all risk categories and monitoring limits and
accumulations of specific risks across business lines, including natural
and human-caused (regulatory terminology: man-made)
disasters and exposures to financial markets and counterparties.
Group Risk strengthens and maintains the Group’s risk network
through regular and close interaction with the management of related
undertakings and with other key stakeholders, such as the local
finance, risk, actuarial, underwriting, and investment departments. A
strong group-wide risk network enables the Allianz Group to influence
risk culture across the Group, identify risks at an early stage, and make
management aware of these risks.

132

Related undertakings

Other functions and bodies

Related undertakings are responsible for their own risk management,
including adherence to both external requirements (for example,
those imposed by local regulators) and internal standards. Their
Boards of Management are responsible for setting and approving a
local risk strategy − supporting the Group’s risk strategy − during the
annual Strategic and Planning Dialogues with the Group and for
ensuring adherence to their risk strategy.
The insurance and asset management operations of our related
undertakings are subject to regular reviews in the context of the groupwide internal risk management and control system. The control
measures are accompanied by local Risk Management functions,
headed by Chief Risk Officers, which are independent from business
line management. The Risk Management functions run riskmonitoring and -controlling processes, locally set up by the respective
entities. Furthermore, the local activities are subject to additional
reviews by regional entities, or the Allianz Asset Management GmbH
for asset management. This ensures the adherence to Group
requirements and the related reporting. A local Risk Committee
supports both the Board of Management (or an equivalent executive
committee) and the Chief Risk Officer by acting as the primary risk
monitoring and controlling body.
Consistent implementation of the Group’s risk management
framework in the related undertakings, including regular dialogue
between the Group and the entity, is ensured, for example, through
Group Risk representation on local Risk Committees (or equivalent),
and through regular assessment of the appropriateness of the local
risk management framework and performance of the Chief Risk
Officers by Group Risk. Moreover, the Group Chief Risk Officer must be
consulted on decisions regarding the staffing, objectives, and
performance evaluation of local Chief Risk Officers. To further
enhance the regular dialogue at management level focusing on the
internal control environment, the Group is implementing the
Governance and Controls Dialogue as one key instrument that should
further enhance the already existing strong strategic and financial
planning procedures known as the Strategic Dialogue and the
Planning Dialogue. The Governance and Controls Dialogue will be
enabled by an integrated Governance and Controls Dashboard, to
assure a holistic overview of the risk landscape as well as external
factors that may be potential risk drivers.

In addition to Group Risk and the local Risk Management functions,
legal, compliance, and actuarial functions established at both the
Group and the entity levels constitute additional components of the
Second Line of Defense.
Group Legal and Group Compliance seek to mitigate legal risks
for the Allianz Group and Allianz SE with support from other
departments. The objectives of both functions are to ensure that laws
and regulations are observed, to react appropriately to all impending
legislative changes or new court rulings, to attend to legal disputes
and litigation, and to provide legally appropriate solutions for
transactions and business processes. In addition, Group Compliance
– in conjunction with Group Legal and other experts involved – is
responsible for integrity management, which aims to protect the
Allianz Group as well as Allianz SE and our other related undertakings
and employees from regulatory and reputational risks.
Group Compliance has defined preventive, detective, and
responsive controls for the assigned compliance risk areas, which are
based on requirements specified in the compliance standards and
Code of Conduct. A compliance control catalog, including the
development of control objectives arising from the various corporate
compliance guidelines, as well as a cataloging of normative risk
scenarios and defined key control activities, are available.
Group Actuarial contributes towards assessing and managing
risks of the Allianz Group and Allianz SE in line with regulatory
requirements, in particular for those risks whose management requires
actuarial expertise. The range of tasks includes, amongst others, the
calculation and monitoring of technical provisions, technical actuarial
assistance in business planning, reporting and monitoring of the
results, and supporting the effective implementation of the risk
management system. The latter includes joining Group Risk in a
discipline to regularly monitor internal risk capital models,
assumptions, and parameters – as well as their changes. It also
includes providing support regarding capital efficiency management,
contributing to the modeling of insurance risk capital, and supporting
the identification of underwriting risks via independent reserve reviews.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Risk-based steering and risk
management1
We are exposed to a variety of risks, including market, credit,
underwriting, business, operational, strategic, liquidity, and
reputational risks.
Allianz’s Asset Management business segment is primarily
exposed to operational risk, reputational risk, and business risk.
Market and credit risk are primarily borne by the segment’s underlying
investors, be they internal or third-party clients.
We consider diversification across different business segments,
lines of business and regions to be an important element in managing
our risks efficiently, as it limits the economic impact of any single event
and contributes to relatively stable results. Our aim is to maintain a
balanced risk profile without any disproportionately large risk
concentrations and accumulations.
With Solvency II being the regulatory regime relevant for the
Group, our risk profile is measured and steered based on our approved
Solvency II internal model 2. We have introduced a target solvency ratio
range in accordance with Solvency II, based on pre-defined stress
scenarios for both the Group and related undertakings,
supplemented by ad-hoc scenarios, historical and reverse stress
tests, and sensitivity analyses.
Unlike the insurance business, which is balance-sheet sensitive,
our Asset Management business is mainly a cash flow business.
Therefore, the risk of the Asset Management business segment is also
analyzed through the impact of pre-defined material stress scenarios
on the operating profit. These are one component in a system of key
risk indicators for Asset Management and are regularly monitored.
These risk limits are reviewed on a regular basis with First Line of
Defense business owners, confirming the pre-assessments derived by
the entity’s Risk Management functions. These risk limits (sometimes
called risk bearing capacity thresholds) are presented to the
underlying Risk Committee and are ultimately ratified by the Audit
Committees and/or Executive Management Boards.
In addition, central elements of Allianz’s dividend policy are linked
to Solvency II capitalization based on the internal model. This helps us
to ensure a consistent view on risk steering and capitalization in line
with the Solvency II framework.
1_This section contains specific risk disclosures as required by IFRS 17 and IFRS 7 relating to the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.
2_From a formalistic perspective, the German Supervisory Authority deems our model to be “partial”
because not all our entities use the internal model. Some of our smaller insurance entities report under
the standard formula and others apply third country equivalence. For asset management, banking, and

133

Allianz steers its business portfolio taking a comprehensive view
of risk and return, which is based on the internal model and is
supported by scenario analyses. Risk and concentrations are actively
restricted by limits based on our internal model. The Life/Health
business segment is steered – in addition to the Return on Equity – by
a return on risk capital 3 (RoRC) approach for new business at the
product level, while for the Property-Casualty business segment a
return on equity (RoE insurance) at the portfolio level is used.
RoRC and RoE insurance are indicators that allow us to identify
profitable lines of business and products on a sustainable basis. For
new Life/Health insurance business, RoRC reflects the expected
average return against the capital commitment over the lifetime of the
products and is a key criterion for capital allocation decisions. For
Property-Casualty insurance business, the RoE insurance reflects the
return against the underlying equity which is allocated to the specific
portfolios based on the respective risk capital requirements. This
allows us to take appropriate risk-based decisions.
Consistent with industry practices, the Asset Management
business segment is measured on its efficiency based upon cost to
income, i.e., the Cost Income Ratio (CIR).
As a consequence, the internal model is fully integrated in the
steering of the insurance business, and its application satisfies the socalled “use test” requirement under Solvency II.
Qualitative assessments as part of the Insurance and Asset
Management risk framework include Top Risk Assessments, as well as
group-challenged self-assessments and selected group reviews of the
maturity of the local risk management systems and the adherence to
the risk policy framework. Key results of the entities’ qualitative risk
assessments are reported to the Group on a regular basis.

As an inherent part of our insurance operations, we collect premiums
from our policyholders and invest them in a wide variety of assets. The
resulting investment portfolios back the future claims payments and
benefits to our customers. In addition, we also invest shareholders’
capital, which is required to support the business. Finally, we use
derivatives, mostly to hedge our portfolio against adverse market
movements (for example, protective puts) or to reduce our
reinvestment risk (for example, by using forwards, swaps, or
Institutions for Occupational Retirement Provision (IORP), sectoral requirements are applied. Without
loss of generality, we might use the term internal model in the following chapters, e.g., in case of
descriptions also referring to entities that use the internal model, or descriptions focusing on processes
with respect to the internal model components.

swaptions). Asset/liability management (ALM) decisions are taken
based on the internal model, considering both the risks and the returns
on the financial market.
As the fair values of our investment portfolios and liabilities
depend on the changes observed in the financial markets, we are
exposed to the risk of adverse financial market developments. The
long-dated liabilities in our Life/Health business segment and those
attributable to internal pensions contribute to interest rate risk, in
particular when they cannot be fully matched by available
investments due to long maturities. In addition, we are also exposed to
adverse changes in equity and real estate prices, credit spread levels,
inflation, implied volatilities, and currencies, which might impact the
value of our assets and liabilities.
To measure these market risks, real-world stochastic models 4 for
the relevant risk factors are calibrated using historical time series to
generate possible future market developments. After the scenarios for
all the risk factors are generated, the asset and liability positions are
revalued under each scenario. The worst-case outcome of the sorted
portfolio profit and loss distribution at a certain confidence level
(99.5 %) defines the market Value at Risk (VaR). For entities modeled
using the standard formula, the market risk is based on aggregating
the losses under specified standard formula shock scenarios.
Strategic asset allocation benchmarks and risk limits – including
stand-alone interest rate and equity sensitivity limits, and foreign
exchange exposure limits – are defined for the Group, Allianz SE, and
the other related undertakings. Limits are closely monitored and, if a
breach occurs, countermeasures are implemented which may include
escalation to the respective decision-making bodies and/or the closing
of positions.
Furthermore, we have put in place standards for hedging
activities, due to the exposure to fair-value options embedded in our
life insurance products. In addition, we optimize our in-force portfolio
through transactional levers, such as partly or entirely divesting
discontinued products and businesses; structural levers, such as
adjusting the product mix; and operational levers, such as partnering
with specialists to manage these books of legacy products, also called
life back books.

3_The return on risk capital is defined as the present value of future real-world profits on the capital
requirement (including buffer to regulatory requirements) held at the local level.
4_Internal pensions are evaluated and modeled based on deterministic cash flow models, following IAS 19
principles.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Finally, guidelines are provided by the Group regarding certain
investments, new investment products, and the use of derivatives.
Compliance with these guidelines is controlled by the risk and
controlling functions at Allianz SE and the other operating entities.
With respect to investment assets of the Property-Casualty and
Life/Health business segments managed by Allianz’s asset managers,
guidelines applicable to our insurance undertakings must be clearly
elaborated as part of the asset managers’ client investment
guidelines. Notwithstanding the above, portfolios managed by
Allianz’s asset managers for the benefit of third-party investment
clients must adhere to the investment frameworks and constraints as
defined by and agreed with them.

Equity risk

Interest rate risk

Fixed-income assets such as bonds may lose value if credit spreads
widen. However, our risk appetite for credit spread risk takes into
account the underlying economics of our business model: As a liabilitydriven investor, we typically hold fixed-income assets until maturity.
This implies that we are less affected economically by short-term
changes in market prices. In our capacity as a long-term investor, this
gives us the opportunity to invest in bonds yielding spreads over the
risk-free return and earning this additional yield component.

The Group’s credit risk profile originates from three sources: our
investment portfolio, our credit insurance business, and our external
reinsurance.

Currency risk

−

Allianz is a liability-driven investor. We may suffer an economic loss in
the event of falling interest rates as we reinvest maturing assets at
lower rates prior to the maturity of liability contracts, if the duration of
our assets is shorter than our liabilities. This risk is higher for long-dated
life investment and savings products as well as for internal pensions,
with a significant part of the Life/Health business segment’s interest
rate risk coming from Western Europe, mainly from traditional life
insurance products with guarantees. Conversely, opportunities may
arise when interest rates increase. Interest rate risk is managed within
our asset/liability management process and controlled via interest
rate sensitivity and duration mismatch limits for the Group and the
local entities.

Inflation risk
We are exposed to changing inflation rates, predominantly due to our
Property-Casualty insurance obligations but also due to inflationindexed internal pension obligations. While inflation assumptions are
taken into account in our underwriting, unexpected rising rates of
inflation will increase both future claims and expenses, leading to
higher liabilities; conversely, if future inflation rates were to be lower
than assumed, liabilities would be lower than anticipated. The risk that
inflation rates deviate from inflation assumptions is incorporated in our
internal model. Potential severe structural breaks are monitored via
historical and ad-hoc stress tests. Measures have been taken to
manage currently observed elevated inflation levels. On the PropertyCasualty side, this includes continuous monitoring of claims inflation,
sufficient provisioning, and timely adjustments of premium rates to
reflect both actual and expected inflation.

134

Insurance-focused Allianz entities may hold equity investments to
diversify their portfolios and to take advantage of expected long-term
returns. Strategic asset allocation benchmarks, investment and equity
sensitivity limits are used to monitor and manage these exposures. In
addition, equity investments fall within the scope of the credit risk
platform to avoid single-name risk concentrations. Risks from changes
in equity prices are normally associated with decreasing share prices
and increasing equity price volatilities. As stock markets might also
increase, opportunities may arise from equity investments in those
events.

Allianz’s Group Investment Committee has defined a framework
for standard transactions for real estate equity and commercial real
estate loan investments. These standards outline diversification
targets, minimum-return thresholds, and other qualitative and
quantitative requirements. All transactions that do not meet these
standards or have a total investment volume (including costs)
exceeding a defined threshold must be reviewed individually by Group
Risk and other Group center functions. In addition, all applicable limits
must be respected, in particular those resulting from strategic asset
allocation as well as its leeways and risk limits, with regards to an
investing entity’s portfolio.

Credit spread risk

Allianz SE and the other related undertakings of the Allianz Group
typically invest in assets which are denominated in the same currency
as their liabilities. However, some foreign currency exposures are
allowed to support portfolio diversification and tactical investment
decisions. Our largest exposure to foreign currency risk comes from our
non-euro Group companies: Whenever the euro strengthens, the euro
equivalent net asset value of our foreign subsidiaries will decline
from an Allianz Group and Allianz SE perspective; however, at the
same time, the capital requirements in euro will decrease, partially
mitigating the total impact on Allianz Group’s and Allianz SE’s
capitalization. Based on the Allianz Group’s foreign exchange
management limit framework, currency risk is monitored and
managed at the levels of the Allianz Group, Allianz SE, and the other
operating entities of the Allianz Group.

Real estate risk
Despite the risk of decreasing real estate values, real estate is a
suitable addition to our investment portfolio due to good
diversification benefits, as well as to the contribution of relatively
predictable, long-term cash flows.

Credit risk is measured as the potential economic loss in the value of
our portfolio that would result from either changes in the credit quality
of our counterparties (“migration risk”) or the inability or unwillingness
of a counterparty to fulfill contractual obligations (“default risk”).

−

−

Investment portfolio: Credit risk results from our investments in
fixed-income bonds, loans, derivatives, cash positions, and
receivables whose value may decrease depending on the credit
quality of the obligor. However, losses due to credit events can be
shared with the policyholder for certain life insurance products.
Credit insurance: Credit risk arises from potential claim payments
on limits granted by Allianz Trade to its policyholders. Allianz
Trade insures its policyholders against credit risk associated with
short-term trade credits advanced to policyholder’s clients. When
the client of the policyholder is unable to meet its payment
obligations, Allianz Trade indemnifies the loss to the policyholder.
Reinsurance: Credit risk arises from potential losses from nonrecoverability of reinsurance receivables or due to default on
benefits under in force reinsurance treaties. Our reinsurance
partners are carefully selected by a dedicated team. Besides
focusing on companies with strong credit profiles, we may also
require letters of credit, cash deposits, funds withheld, or assets
held in trust, or other financial measures to further mitigate our
exposure to credit risk.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

The internal credit risk capital model takes into account the major
determinants of credit risk for each instrument, including exposure at
default, rating, seniority, collateral, and maturity. Additional
parameters assigned to obligors are migration probabilities and
obligor asset correlations reflecting dependencies within the portfolio.
Ratings are assigned to single obligors using a clearly defined
assignment process. The central components of this assignment
process are long-term ratings from external rating agencies, and
internal rating models in case of specific internal investment strategies.
If available, a dynamic adjustment using market-implied ratings and
the most recent qualitative information available is applied.
The loss profile of a given portfolio is obtained using a Monte
Carlo simulation, taking into account interdependencies and exposure
concentrations per obligor segment. The loss profiles are calculated at
different levels of the Allianz Group, and then fed into the internal
model at each level for further aggregation across sources of risk to
derive diversified credit risk.
Our credit insurance portfolio is modeled by Allianz Trade, based
on a proprietary model component which is a local adaptation of the
central internal credit risk model. Allianz Trade’s loss profile is
integrated in the Group’s internal credit risk model to capture the
concentration and diversification effects.
To ensure effective credit risk management, credit VaR limits are
derived from our internal risk capital framework, and rating bucket
benchmarks are used to define our risk appetite for exposures in the
lower investment-grade and non-investment-grade area.
Our group-wide country and obligor group limit management
framework (CrisP 1) allows us to manage counterparty concentration
risk, covering both credit and equity exposures at the Group, Allianz SE,
and other operating-entity levels. This limit framework forms the basis
for discussions on credit actions and provides notification services
featuring the quick and broad communication of credit-related
decisions across the Group.
Clearly defined processes ensure that exposure concentrations
and limit utilizations are appropriately monitored and managed. The
setting of country and obligor exposure limits from the Group’s
perspective (i.e., the maximum concentration limit), which are adopted
by Allianz SE and serve as maximum local limits for the other
operating entities, takes into account the Allianz Group’s portfolio size
and structure as well as the overall risk strategy.

1_Credit Risk Platform.

135

Apart from risks from internal pensions, underwriting risk consists of
premium and reserve risks in the Property-Casualty business segment 2
as well as biometric risks in the Life/Health business segment 3 and
underwriting risks are not relevant for the Asset Management business
segment and our banking operations.

Property-Casualty
The Property-Casualty primary and reinsurance business of the
Allianz Group is exposed to premium-risk-related adverse
developments in the current year’s new and renewed business, as well
as to reserve risks related to the business in force.

Premium risk
As part of our Property-Casualty business operations, we receive
premiums from our customers and provide insurance protection in
return. Premium risk is the risk that actual claims for the business in the
current year develop adversely relative to expected claims ratios.
Premium risk can be mitigated by reinsurance as well as by technical
excellence in underwriting. Assessing risks as part of the underwriting
process is therefore a key element of our risk management framework.
There are clear underwriting limits and restrictions which are defined
centrally and applied across the Group.
Premium risk is subdivided into three categories: natural
catastrophe risk, terror risk, and non-catastrophe risk including manmade catastrophes.
Premium risk is estimated based on actuarial models that are
used to derive loss distributions. Non-catastrophe risks are modeled
using frequency and severity models for large losses and aggregate
loss distribution models for attritional losses. Natural disasters such as
earthquakes, storms, and floods represent a significant challenge for
risk management due to their high accumulation potential for higher
return periods. For natural catastrophe risks, we use special modeling
techniques which combine portfolio data (geographic location,
characteristics of insured objects, and their values) with simulated
natural disaster scenarios to estimate the magnitude and frequency of
potential losses. Where such stochastic models do not exist, we use
deterministic, scenario-based approaches to estimate potential losses.
Similar approaches are used to evaluate risk concentrations for terror
events and man-made catastrophes, including losses from cyber
incidents and industrial concentrations.

2_Property-Casualty is also referred to as Non-Life.

These loss distributions are then used within the internal model to
calculate potential losses with a predefined confidence level of 99.5 %.

Reserve risk
Reserve risk represents the risk of adverse developments in bestestimate reserves over a one-year time horizon, resulting from
fluctuations in the timing and/or amount of claims settlement. We
estimate and hold reserves for claims resulting from past events that
have not yet been settled. In case of unexpected developments, we
would experience a gain or loss dependent on the assumptions
applied for the estimate. In addition, the risk of inflation volatility
deviating from historical observations and of changes in yield curves is
covered in the specific market risk modules.
Similar to premium risk, reserve risk is calculated based on
actuarial models. The reserve distributions derived are then used
within the internal model to calculate potential losses based on a
predefined confidence level of 99.5 %.
In order to reduce the risk of unexpected reserve volatility,
Allianz SE and the other related undertakings of the Allianz Group
constantly monitor the development of reserves for insurance claims
on a line-of-business level. In addition, related undertakings generally
conduct annual reserve uncertainty analyses based on similar
methods used for reserve risk calculations. The Allianz Group performs
regular independent reviews of these analyses and Group
representatives participate in the local reserve committee meetings.
Retrocession is another important instrument to mitigate reserve
risk.

Life/Health
Underwriting risks in our Life/Health operations (biometric risks)
include mortality, disability, morbidity, and longevity risks. Mortality,
disability, and morbidity risks are associated with an unexpected
increase in the occurrence of death, disability, or medical claims.
Longevity risk is the risk that the reserves covering life annuities and
pension products might not be sufficient due to longer life
expectancies of the insured.
Life/Health underwriting risk arises from profitability being lower
than expected. As profitability calculations are based on several
parameters – such as assumptions on future mortality rates, or
morbidity claims – the actual development may differ from the
expected one. For example, lower-than-expected mortality rates
would lead to additional annuity payments in the future. However,
3_Life/Health is also referred to as Life.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

beneficial deviations are also possible; for example, a trend towards
healthier lifestyles will most likely result in lower overall health
insurance claims.
We measure these risks within our internal model, distinguishing,
where appropriate, between risks affecting the absolute level and
trend development of the actuarial assumptions on the one hand and
pandemic risk scenarios on the other. Depending on the nature and
complexity of the risks involved, our health business is represented in
the internal model according to Property-Casualty or Life/Health
calculation methods and is therefore included in the relevant PropertyCasualty and Life/Health figures accordingly. However, most of our
health business is attributable to the Life/Health business segment.

Business risks include cost risks and policyholder behavior risks. They
are mostly driven by the Life/Health business and to a lesser extent by
the Property-Casualty and the Asset Management business. Cost risks
are associated with the risk that expenses incurred in administering
insurance policies – or investment management expenses for portfolio
management – are higher than expected or that new business volume
decreases to a level that does not allow Allianz to absorb its fixed costs.
Business risk is measured relative to baseline plans.
For the Life/Health business, policyholder behavior risks are risks
related to unpredictable, adverse behavior of policyholders in
exercising their contractual options, such as, for instance, early
termination of contracts, surrenders, partial withdrawals, renewals,
and annuity take-up options.
Assumptions on policyholder behavior are set in line with
accepted actuarial methods and based on own historical data, where
available. If there is no historical data, assumptions are based on
industry data or expert judgment. These are used as a basis to
determine the economic impact of policyholder behavior under
different scenarios within our internal model.
The potential interaction between market risks (in particular interest
rate risk) and lapse risk is covered by two different modeling aspects:
−

Financial rationality: The Life/Health cash flow models generally
contain a dynamic modeling of lapse where the best estimate
lapse rate is increased if market returns are significantly higher
than the overall return of the insurance policy and vice versa.

−

Cross effects: This part takes into account that a combined impact
of a market rate change and a lapse rate change could deviate
significantly from the sum of the two impacts.

Operational risks refer to losses resulting from inadequate or failed
internal processes, human errors, system failures, and external events,
and can stem from a wide variety of sources, including the following:
−

−

−

“Clients, Products, and Business Practices”: potential losses due to
a failure to meet the professional obligations or from the design of
products. Examples include mis-selling, non-compliance with
internal or external requirements related to products, anti-trust
behavior, data protection, sanctions and embargoes, etc. These
losses tend to be less frequent but, when they occur, can have a
high financial (and reputational) impact.
“Execution, Delivery, and Process Management”: potential losses
arising from transaction or process management failures.
Examples include interest and penalties from non-payment or
underpayment of taxes, or losses associated with broker and
agent distribution processes. These losses tend to be of a relatively
higher frequency but with little financial impact (although single
large-loss events can occur).
Other operational risks including, for example, internal or external
fraud, financial misstatement risk, IT risks (such as a cybersecurity
incident causing limited availability, loss of confidentiality or
integrity, or regulatory fines 1), IT-related risks (such as improper
delivery/design or operational stability), a potential failure at our
outsourcing partners causing a disruption to our working
environment, etc.

In the last year, the following two operational risks related to IT have
gained in importance in particular:
The first operational risk results from fast developments in the
area of artificial intelligence (AI) including generative AI. AI can help
Allianz to further improve customer services and internal processes but
also comes with new operational risks: Public and regulatory concerns
about discriminating AI and “Black Box AI” triggered various
regulatory initiatives by supervisory authorities and regulators across
the globe, especially the upcoming European Union AI Act, which is
expected to be finalized in 2024. Allianz addresses these new legal
and reputational risks seriously with its AI governance framework,

which is already rolled out in various OEs. It basically includes a
practical guidance for AI promoting transparency, privacy, fairness,
human agency and accountability in the development and
deployment of AI solutions. Privacy and ethics impact assessments
help to implement these AI principles on a case-by-case basis. These
activities are supported by various training and awareness campaigns
for Allianz employees, and by a data advisory board preparing
decisions for the Board of Management in the area of AI and data
ethics. The Allianz AI governance framework will be further adjusted,
especially to implement the European Union AI Act in its final version,
and structurally rolled out in the operating entities.
The second operational risk is compliance with rising regulatory
requirements on the management of IT risks. In the second quarter
2022, BaFin conducted an audit on the implementation of the
supervisory requirements for insurance on IT (VAIT) at Allianz SE, with
the new version published on 3 March 2022. To address the findings,
Allianz SE has set up a program under the lead of the division
“Operations, IT and Organization” and approved and submitted to
BaFin a corresponding remediation plan. The remediation plan has
been accepted by BaFin.
Additional recent examples are the European Commission’s
Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) and similar requirements
from local regulators relevant for the Allianz Group. To achieve
compliance with the large number of very granular DORA standards,
an extensive program coordinated by Group Protection & Resilience
was initiated during 2023. The program aims to implement adequate
solutions by January 2025, when the requirements set by the act need
to be effectively met by Allianz. Group Risk is participating in the
project and is actively involved in contributing to the design required
by DORA.
In the last year, one operational risk related to IT has reduced in
importance. The project risk related to the Allianz Group’s IT
transformation program, which aimed at accelerating complexity
reduction and achieving additional synergy effects and cost savings in
IT, was reduced due to formal closure of the program and transfer of
remaining activities to a local project in the Asia region. The program
was supported with a tailored risk assessment approach, which will
now happen in a similar way for the local project. Risks at all levels of
the program – at operating entities, business areas and the global
program – were independently identified, assessed, and will – where
necessary – continue to be managed, and monitored in a harmonized
way.

1_For further information on cyber risk, see section “Cybersecurity” in the Non-Financial Statement.

136

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

The Allianz Group’s operational risk primarily refers to losses in
either the insurance or the asset management business, or both.
The Group’s operational risk capital is dominated by the risk of
potential losses within the categories “Clients, Products, and Business
Practices” and “Execution, Delivery, and Process Management”. With
regard to the largest category “Clients, Products, and Business
Practices”, key external drivers are changes in laws and regulations.
Internal drivers reflect potential failures of internal processes. These
drivers are considered in the local scenario analyses.
Operational risk capital is calculated using a scenario-based
approach based on expert judgment, as well as internal and external
operational loss data. The estimates for frequency and severity of
potential loss events for each material operational risk category are
assessed and used as a basis for our internal model calibration.
Allianz has developed a consistent operational risk management
framework, which is applied across the Group based on
proportionality and focuses on the early recognition and proactive
management of material operational risks. The framework defines
roles and responsibilities as well as management processes and
methods: Local risk managers at Allianz SE and at the other operating
entities of the Allianz Group, in their capacity as Second Line of
Defense, identify and evaluate relevant operational risks and control
deficiencies via a dialogue with the First Line of Defense, report
operational risk events in a central database, and ensure that the
framework is implemented in their respective operating entity.
This framework triggers specific mitigating control programs. For
example, compliance risks are addressed with written policies and
dedicated compliance programs monitored by compliance functions
across the Allianz Group. The risk of financial misstatement is
mitigated by a system of internal controls covering financial reporting.
Outsourcing risks are covered by our Outsourcing Policy, Service Level
Agreements, and Business Continuity and Crisis Management
programs to protect critical business functions from these events.
Cyber risks are mitigated through investments in cybersecurity, cyber
insurance that Allianz buys from third-party insurers, and a variety of
ongoing control activities, developed and implemented along the
following main themes: slow down hackers, increase threat detection,
reduce the damage of attacks, and enhance the skills as well as the
organizational structure.
With regards to the last year, in particular IT risk management and
information and cybersecurity were further improved via
implementation of the following strategic themes, which were derived
from both observed and anticipated risks, considering the strategic

137

outlook of information security, the threat landscape, and industry
trends: (1) protection of digital identity, (2) security service health, (3)
cyber resilience.
Due to the particular importance of operational risks for the Asset
Management business, a key task for the local Risk Management
functions in the related entities is a regular monitoring of the internal
controls attached to material processes. This is also supported by the
introduction of the concept on Non-Financial Risk Management
(NFRM).

The NFRM is the framework by which the Second Line of Defense
supports and facilitates the fulfillment of First Line of Defense
responsibility to implement an adequate and effective system for
managing Non-Financial Risks. The NFRM aims to strengthen the
control system by using a harmonized methodology to:
−

−
The ICS for operational risk encompasses the management of
compliance, financial reporting, and other operational risks. The
effectiveness of this internal control system is monitored along two
dimensions:
−

−

Monitoring the effective implementation of the Non-Financial Risk
Management (NFRM) framework, which is progressively replacing
the Integrated Risk and Control System (IRCS) framework. If
correctly implemented, these frameworks ensure that risks are
identified in time, and controls are appropriately set up and tested
frequently to identify potential weaknesses or gaps in the internal
control system.
Monitoring the resolution of identified weaknesses in the internal
control system.

NFRM strengthens the internal control system by using a new risk
taxonomy consistent across the Group, which helps to aggregate the
risks at Group level, and by using an even more rigorous testing
approach. It is being rolled out in so-called waves with close
monitoring by Group Risk and Group Compliance. Insurance and Asset
Management entities of the first two waves – 44 operating entities out
of 67 – have already undergone important implementation steps in
2023 to further bolster assurance activities. Operating entities part of
the last wave 3 have continued to apply the IRCS framework and will
implement NFRM in 2024.
The full implementation of the new framework across the Group
is expected to be completed by year-end 2024. Meanwhile, Group Risk
and Group Compliance are closely monitoring all waves, seamlessly
bridging an effective migration between IRCS and NFRM.
The NFRM is an integral part of the overall ICS, whose
fundamentals are described in the section “Risk Governance System
and Internal Control System”.

−

Achieve a consistent and commonly accepted definition of risks
that fall under the category Non-Financial Risk, via establishing a
set of non-financial risk vectors.
Facilitate the implementation of adequate controls via an NFRM
control catalog, consisting of control objectives, risk scenarios, and
exemplary key controls.
Ensure a robust testing of these controls, using a systematic riskbased approach.

To achieve these targets, NFRM has connected and evolved already
existing pillars and tools of the Allianz Risk Management and Internal
Control System framework, e.g., the Top Risk Assessment (TRA)
methodology, the Integrated Risk and Control (IRCS) framework, and
the use of internal and external operational loss events.
The NFRM framework has the following key features:
−
−
−
−

Objective data is used through a consistent methodology to
facilitate a baseline assessment of non-financial risks.
An assessment of top non-financial risks prioritizes risks to better
allocate resources.
A process-level view is used to approach risks and controls from a
business view, and to facilitate integrated assurance.
Standardized key controls are defined to support compliance and
risk management by design, and to enforce integrated assurance
and testing rigor.

Fundamental to the NFRM is the concept of a holistic approach. While
there are several different sources of operational risks, the process
towards the management of the risks always follows the same core
principle. This is that operational risks must be identified, assessed, and
prioritized, and underlying mitigating controls have to be effective. This
is the basic premise behind establishing an integrated approach.
At the Allianz Group level, it is important to monitor the quality of
the local implementation of this framework as a means of ensuring
that internal control system weaknesses are identified prior to the
occurrence of operational risk events (ex-ante).
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

To fulfill this objective, Allianz relies on a methodology known as
the OE control environment rating. The OE control environment rating
evaluates the effectiveness of the framework at the operating entity
level by leveraging several sources of data and KPIs, which are then
further enhanced via certain qualitative criteria.
Additionally, an Allianz group-wide Executive Accountability
Regime (EAR) is in place to further support the integration of risk
management into business processes. It is essential that the Board of
Management demonstrates a strong risk culture to support this
integration – they lead by example in order to make clear throughout
the business that the management of risks is an important factor when
it comes to the achievement of business objectives.
For a selection of key executives, the EAR formalizes clear
accountability and ownership for risk management through tailored
individual accountability statements, which concretely outline rolespecific responsibilities to reinforce the Allianz purpose and strategy in
thinking and behavior across Allianz, as well as to mitigate key risks. In
addition, to reinforce these accountabilities amongst business leaders,
compliance with internal and external regulations as well as vigilance
in living the Group’s risk culture is taken into account when determining
performance. In 2023, the EAR has been further enhanced to include
a minimum set of clearly defined key indicators to measure OE
management’s timely responsiveness in the areas of Risk, Compliance,
Legal, Data Privacy, Audit, and People & Culture. These quantitative
indicators are complemented with a holistic qualitative assessment.

There are risks which, due to their nature, cannot be adequately
addressed or mitigated by setting aside dedicated capital. These risks
are therefore not considered in the internal model. For the identification,
analysis, assessment, monitoring, and management of these risks we
also use a systematic approach, with risk assessment generally based
on qualitative criteria or scenario analyses. The most important of
these other risks are strategic, liquidity, and reputational risk.

Strategic risk
Strategic risk is the risk of a decrease in the company’s value arising
from adverse management decisions on business strategies and their
implementation.
Strategic risks are identified and evaluated as part of the Group’s
Top Risk Assessment process and discussed in various Board of
Management-level committees (for example, GFRC). We also monitor

138

market and competitive conditions, capital market requirements,
regulatory conditions, etc., to decide if strategic adjustments are
necessary.
The most important strategic risks are related to the value
creation levers, which focus on three themes: Growth, Margin
Expansion, and Capital Efficiency. Progress on mitigating strategic
risks and meeting the value creation levers is monitored and evaluated
in the course of the Strategic and Planning Dialogues between the
Allianz Group and Allianz SE and the other related undertakings.

Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that current or future payment
obligations cannot be met or can only be met on the basis of adversely
altered conditions. Liquidity risk can arise primarily if there are
mismatches in the timing of cash in- and outflows.
The liquidity risk profile of Allianz predominantly originates from the
uncertainty about the volume and timing of cash needs from
insurances liabilities. This relates especially to:
−

−

Coverage of various types of catastrophes in the PropertyCasualty business, with the frequency of such events anticipated to
increase going forward as a result of the unfolding climate change
effects.
Mass lapse events or rising lapse rates in the Life/Health insurance
business, especially in combination with changes in the relevant
capital market environment.

Major risks can also result from derivative transactions used by Allianz
to hedge specific market risks.
Allianz is exposed to liquidity risk as well due to large operational
risk events, which may potentially result in significant cash outflows.
Another source of liquidity risk for Allianz are potential regulatory
actions by local supervisors, which may reduce dividends from
subsidiaries to the Group (e.g., due to global events such as those
partially observed during the COVID-19 crisis).
Each legal entity of the Allianz Group measures and manages
liquidity risk locally, using asset/liability management systems
designed to ensure that assets and liabilities are adequately matched.
Local investment strategies particularly focus on the quality of the
investments and ensure a significant portion of liquid assets (e.g., highrated government bonds or covered bonds) in the portfolios. In the
course of the liquidity planning, liquidity sources (e.g., cash from

investments and premiums) and liquidity needs (e.g., payments due to
insurance claims and expenses) are reconciled under a best-estimate
plan, as well as under adverse idiosyncratic and systemic liquidity
scenarios with time horizons of up to 12 months, to allow for a
consistent view on liquidity risk across the Group. These analyses are
predominantly performed at legal entity level and are monitored by
the Group for large- and mid-sized units.
The annual and the high-level three-year cash flow plan for
Allianz SE and the Holding and Treasury reportable segment reflect
the overall operating, financing, and investing strategy of the
Allianz Group. The liquidity stress-testing framework of Allianz SE is
identical to that of the other legal entities. Major contingent liquidity
requirements arise mainly from market risk scenarios for Allianz SE and
its subsidiaries, from the non-availability of external capital markets,
and from reinsurance risk scenarios for Allianz SE.
In addition, the cash position of the Group cash pool investment
portfolio is monitored and forecast on a daily basis.
In the liquidity risk measurement process, early warning and limit
thresholds are applied to regularly measure the local (stressed)
liquidity position, inform senior management, and decide on actions if
needed.
The management of Allianz’s liquidity risk at a local level is
facilitated by a dedicated governance and organizational setup. In
general, the First Line of Defense is responsible for managing liquidity
risk. Monitoring of liquidity risk is the responsibility of the local Risk
Management functions, and potential liquidity gaps are reported to
the respective local boards of management.

Reputational risk
Allianz’s reputation as a well-respected and socially aware provider of
financial services is influenced by our behavior in a range of areas such
as product quality, corporate governance, financial performance,
customer service, employee relations, intellectual capital, and
corporate responsibility.
Reputational risk is the risk of an unexpected drop in the value of
the Allianz SE share price, the value of the in-force business, or the
value of future business caused by a decline in our reputation in the
eyes of internal or external stakeholders.
The identification and assessment of reputational risks is part of
the annual Top Risk Assessment process, undertaken by the
Allianz Group and all operating entities. As part of this process, senior
management approves the risk strategy for the most significant risks
and their potential reputational impact.
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

ESG risks
Environmental, social or governance events and conditions (ESG
factors), such as climate change, loss of biodiversity or human rights
abuses, are increasingly becoming a relevant source of adverse
impacts on our balance sheet, profitability or reputation. These ESGrelated risks are characterized by their transversal nature, meaning
they may materialize within any of Allianz’s existing risk categories
(e.g., market risk, underwriting risk, operational risk) as either a
consequence of societal responses to ESG factors – including
regulatory changes, litigation, technological developments and
changes in human behavior – or due to events causing physical
damage, such as droughts, floods or storms, whereby the magnitude
or likelihood is attributable to an ESG factor.
Allianz’s strategy for the management of these risks begins with
establishing a comprehensive understanding of all the ways ESG
factors can trigger adverse events within the investment, underwriting,
and operations areas of our business, as well as from a broader
reputational perspective. For this purpose, a dedicated ESG risk
inventory has been established and a corresponding risk assessment
performed, which enables us to take a risk-based view in terms of
evaluating the adequacy of mitigation measures in place.
ESG-related mitigation measures may vary substantially,
depending on the precise nature of the underlying risk, ranging from
establishment of specific controls at the business process level through
to adjustments in Allianz’s long-term business strategy. Given that all
adverse impacts attributable to ESG factors are ultimately realized
within one of Allianz’s existing risk categories, we aim – to the greatest
extent possible – to embed the identification and management of
these risks directly within risk management processes already in place.
At the Group level, the GFRC is responsible for overseeing ESGrelated risks. In addition, a Group Sustainability Board is in place, which
is responsible for Allianz’s overall ESG strategy and for steering the
integration of ESG aspects into core investment and insurance activities.
For a broader perspective on our key ESG integration processes,
please refer to the sections “Sustainability integration approach” and
“Transition plan and strategy” in the Non-Financial Statement.
With respect to consideration of ESG risks in the management of
third-party assets, our asset managers AllianzGI and PIMCO each
have their own global ESG framework, which supports their client-

1_This section contains specific risk disclosures as required by IFRS 17 and IFRS 7 relating to the notes to
the consolidated financial statements.

139

derived objectives of ESG investing, while complying with globally and
locally relevant rules and regulations.

Climate change
Within the broad scope of ESG, climate change is currently the ESG
factor of primary emphasis, both in terms of regulatory focus and
potential to materially influence our risk profile over a short- to midterm and long-term horizon. Commensurate with this emphasis, an
assessment of Allianz’s climate change-related risks has been
conducted during 2023, including both a qualitative risk assessment
following the structure of the ESG risk inventory, as well as quantitative
scenario analyses and stress-testing.
For information about the climate change risk management
methodology, the outcome of the assessments and next steps, please
refer to the section ”Climate-related risks” in the Non-Financial Statement.

Internal risk capital framework 1
We define internal risk capital as the capital required to protect us
against unexpected, extreme economic losses, and which forms the
basis for determining our Solvency II regulatory capitalization. We
calculate and consistently aggregate internal risk capital across all
business segments on a quarterly basis. We also regularly project risk
capital requirements between reporting periods in times of financial
market turbulence.

For the management of our risk profile and solvency position, we utilize
an approach that reflects the Solvency II rules in that it comprises our
approved internal model covering Allianz SE and all other major
insurance operations. Other entities are reflected based on standard
formula results, others under the deduction and aggregation
approach as well as on sectoral requirements (e.g., Asset
Management) or local requirements for non-insurance operations, in
accordance with the Solvency II framework.

Internal model
Our internal model is based on a VaR approach using a Monte Carlo
simulation. Following this approach, we determine the maximum loss
of portfolio value in scope of the model within a specified timeframe
2_Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America is based on third-country equivalence.

(“holding period”, set at one year) and probability of occurrence
(“confidence level”, set at 99.5 %). We simulate risk events from all risk
categories (“sources of risk”) modeled and calculate the portfolio
value based on the net fair value of assets minus liabilities, including
risk-mitigating measures such as reinsurance contracts or derivatives,
under each scenario.
The risk capital required is defined as the difference between the
current portfolio value and the portfolio value under adverse
conditions at the 99.5 % confidence level. As we consider the impact of
a negative or positive event on all risk sources and covered businesses
at the same time, diversification effects across products and regions
are taken into account. The results of our Monte Carlo simulation allow
us to analyze our exposure to each source of risk, both separately and
in aggregate. We also analyze several pre-defined stress scenarios
representing historical events, reverse stress tests, and adverse
scenarios relevant for our portfolio. Furthermore, we conduct ad-hoc
stress tests on a monthly basis to reflect current political and financial
developments, and to analyze specific non-financial risks more closely.

Coverage of the risk capital calculations
The Allianz Group’s internal model to calculate our Solvency Capital
Requirement (SCR) covers all major insurance operations 2. This
includes both relevant assets (including fixed income, equities, real
estate, and derivatives) and liabilities (including the run-off of all
current and planned technical provisions as well as deposits, issued
debt, and other liabilities). For with-profit products in the Life/Health
business segment, the options and guarantees embedded in
insurance contracts – including policyholder behavior – are taken into
account.
Smaller related undertakings in the European Economic Area
which are not covered by the internal model are reflected with their
standard formula results. Until the third quarter 2023, the Solvency
Capital Requirements for certain smaller insurance undertakings
outside the European Economic Area with only immaterial impact on
the Group’s risk profile were accounted for at the level of Allianz Group
by means of book value deduction 3. Due to regulatory requirements,
starting from the fourth quarter 2023, the book value deduction
approach is no longer used for these entities. Instead, the contribution
of the solvency capital requirement from these entities to the Group is
derived through experience values from the standard model, in
alignment with the regulator.
3_Under book value deduction, the book value of the respective entity is deducted from eligible Own Funds
of the Group.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Risk capital related to our European banking operations is
allocated to the Corporate and Other business segment and
calculated based on the approach applied by banks in accordance
with the local requirements resulting from the Basel regulation (Basel
standards). As the impact on the Group’s total Solvency Capital
Requirement is minor, risk management for the banking operations is
not discussed in greater detail.
For our Asset Management business segment, we assign internal risk
capital requirements based on sectoral regulatory capital requirements.
In view of the above, Allianz’s risk capital framework covers all
material and quantifiable risks. Risks not specifically covered by the
internal model include strategic, liquidity, and reputational risks.

Risk-free rate and volatility adjustment
When calculating the fair values of assets and liabilities, the
assumptions regarding the underlying risk-free yield curve are crucial
in determining and discounting future cash flows. For liability
valuation, we apply the methodology provided by the European
Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA) to
extrapolate the risk-free interest rate curves beyond the last liquid tenor.
In addition, we adjust the risk-free yield curves by a volatility
adjustment (VA) in most markets where a volatility adjustment is
defined by EIOPA and approved by the local regulator. This is done to
better reflect the underlying economics of our business, as the cash
flows of our insurance liabilities are largely predictable. The
advantage of being a long-term investor is the opportunity to invest in
bonds yielding spreads over the risk-free return and earning this
additional yield component over the duration of the bonds. Being a
long-term investor mitigates much of the risk of having to sell debt
instruments at a loss prior to maturity.
We take account of this by applying the volatility adjustment to
mitigate the credit spread risk, which we consider to be less meaningful
for long-term investors than the default risk. Allianz also models the
volatility adjustment dynamically within our approved internal model,
which differs from the static EIOPA VA concept applied in the standard
formula. For risk capital calculations, we assume a dynamic movement
of the volatility adjustment broadly consistent with the way the VA
would react in practice; however, we base the movement on our own
portfolio rather than the EIOPA portfolio. To account for this deviation,
Allianz applies a more conservative, reduced application ratio for the

140

dynamic volatility adjustment. Validation is performed regularly to
verify the appropriateness and prudency of the approach.

dependency structure of quantifiable sources of risk within the applied
Monte Carlo simulation.

Valuation assumptions: replicating portfolios

Actuarial assumptions

We replicate the liabilities of our Life/Health insurance business. This
technique enables us to represent all product-related options and
guarantees, both contractual and discretionary, by means of standard
financial instruments. In the risk calculation, we use the replicating
portfolio − together with a Least Square Monte Carlo approach for
risks that are not covered by the replication − to determine and revalue
these liabilities under all potentially adverse Monte Carlo scenarios.

Our internal model also includes assumptions on claims trends, liability
inflation, mortality, longevity, morbidity, policyholder behavior,
expenses, etc. We use our own internal historical data for actuarial
assumptions
wherever
possible,
additionally
considering
recommendations from the insurance industry, supervisory authorities,
and actuarial associations. The derivation of our actuarial
assumptions is based on generally accepted actuarial methods. Our
internal risk capital and financial reporting framework incorporates
comprehensive processes and controls to ensure the reliability of these
assumptions.

Diversification and correlation assumptions
As Allianz is an integrated financial services provider offering a variety
of products across different business segments and geographic
regions, diversification is key to our business model.
Diversification typically occurs when looking at combined risks
that are not, or only partly, interdependent. Important diversification
factors include regions (e.g., windstorm in Australia vs. windstorm in
Germany), risk categories (e.g., market risk vs. underwriting risk), and
subcategories within the same risk category (e.g., commercial vs.
personal lines of property and casualty risk). Ultimately, diversification
is driven by the specific features of the investment or (re)insurance
products in question and their respective risk exposures. For example,
an operational risk event in Australia can be considered to be highly
independent of a change in credit spreads for a French government
bond held as investment.
The internal model considers concentration, accumulation, and
correlation effects when aggregating results at the Group level,
Allianz SE level, or at the level of other Group companies. The resulting
diversification reflects the fact that all potential worst-case losses are
not likely to materialize at the same time.
Where possible, we derive correlation parameters for each pair of
market risks through statistical analysis of historical data, considering
observations over more than a decade. In cases where historical data
or other portfolio-specific observations are insufficient or unavailable,
correlations are set by the Correlation Settings Committee, which
combines the expertise of risk and business experts in a well-defined
and controlled process. In general, when using expert judgment, we
set the correlation parameters to represent the joint movement of risks
under adverse conditions. Based on these correlations, we use an
industry-standard approach, the Gaussian copula, to determine the

As the internal model is based on a 99.5 % confidence level, there is a
low statistical probability of 0.5 % that actual losses could exceed this
threshold in the course of one year.
We use model and scenario parameters derived from historical
data, where available, to characterize future possible risk events. If
future market conditions were to differ substantially from the past, for
example, in an unprecedented crisis or as a possible result of severe
structural breaks resulting from climate change, our VaR approach
might be too conservative or too liberal in ways that are difficult to
predict. In order to mitigate reliance on historical data, we
complement our VaR analysis with stress testing.
Furthermore, we validate the model and parameters through
sensitivity analyses, independent internal peer reviews, and, where
appropriate, independent external reviews, focusing on methods for
selecting parameters and control processes. To ensure that the model
is validated adequately, we have established an Independent
Validation Unit (IVU) within Group Risk, responsible for validating our
internal model within a comprehensive model validation process. Any
limitations identified during the validation process are remedied after
consultation with the Group regulator. Overall, we believe that our
validation efforts are effective and that the model adequately
assesses the risks to which we are exposed.
The construction and application of the replicating portfolios
mentioned are subject to the set of replicating instruments that are
available and might be too simple or restrictive to capture all factors
affecting the change in value of liabilities. As with other model
components, the replication framework is subject to independent
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

validation and to suitability assessments as well as to stringent data
and process quality controls. Therefore, we believe that our liabilities
are adequately represented by the replicating portfolios.
Since the internal model takes into account the change in the
economic fair value of our assets and liabilities, it is crucial to estimate
the market value of each item accurately. For some assets and
liabilities, it may be difficult, if not impossible – notably in distressed
financial markets – to either obtain a current market price or to apply
a meaningful mark-to-market approach. For such assets we apply a
mark-to-model approach. For some of our liabilities, the accuracy of
their values also depends on the quality of the actuarial cash flow
estimates. Despite these limitations, we believe the estimated fair
values are appropriately assessed.

In addition, in an effort to enhance the explanatory power of the risk
capital movement analyses, our approach for allocating the risk
capital from Group insurance entities which are modeled based on the
Solvency II standard formula was improved. In the refined approach,
the risk contributions to single risk categories are better aligned to the
risk profile of the standard formula entities, and the diversification as
well as the loss absorbing capacity of deferred taxes in the standard
formula are more appropriately reflected. The change in the allocation
approach does not impact the total SCR of the Allianz Group, but it
increases all contributions of these standard formula entities to the
single risk categories.
In all subsequent sections, the figures including model changes
will form the basis for the movement analyses of our risk profile in 2023.
As our general capital steering continues to focus on the Solvency II
ratio impacts, excluding the application of transitional measures on
technical provisions, the figures in the following table exclude
transitional measures unless specifically stated.

In 2023, our internal model was further enhanced based on regulatory
developments, model validation results, and the feedback received in
the course of our consultations with regulators.
The net impact of regulatory and model changes on the
Solvency II risk capital of the Group in 2023 was € 2.9 bn.
The most important changes are:
−

−
−

Inclusion of capital requirements for certain previously not
modeled minor non-EEA insurance entities 1, including currency risk
(impact: € 3.0 bn).
Change in the modeling of contingent capital reinsurance at
Allianz Lebensversicherungs-AG (€ 0.2 bn).
Dynamic inflation extrapolation, which improves the inflation
modeling by refining both the coverage of the term structure and
the extrapolation to the central bank’s long-term inflation target
(€ (0.3) bn).

Allianz Group: Impact of regulatory and model changes – Allocated risk according to the risk profile (total portfolio before non-controlling interests)
€ mn

Market risk
As of 31 December

2022

3

Credit risk

Underwriting risk1

Business risk2

4

2022

3

2022

4

2022

3

2022

2022

4

20223

Operational risk

Diversification

Total

20224

20223

20224

20223

20224

20223

20224

Property-Casualty

7,064

5,805

2,695

2,312

13,344

11,839

593

478

1,872

1,498

(9,167)

(6,738)

16,401

15,194

Life/Health

17,064

15,159

1,531

1,328

1,647

804

5,490

4,072

1,645

1,433

(8,830)

(4,209)

18,548

18,586

Corporate and Other

1,853

1,834

286

287

73

63

-

-

372

380

(547)

(459)

2,038

2,104

Total Group

25,982

22,798

4,513

3,926

15,064

12,706

6,083

4,549

3,889

3,311

(18,544)

(11,406)

36,987

35,884

(5,339)

(4,355)

764

937

Tax relief
Capital add-on
Minor non-EEA insurers

2,930

-

Third country equivalent

3,520

3,520

Sectoral requirements

2,783

2,783

Total Group

41,646

38,769

1_Allocation of underwriting risk from standard formula entities according to the subcategories in the internal model.
2_Allocation of business risk from standard formula entities according to the subcategories in the internal model.
3_2022 risk profile figures adjusted based on the impact of the 2023 model changes.
4_2022 risk profile figures as reported previously.

1_Formerly, both capital requirements and Own Funds of those minor non-EEA entities did not enter
Solvency II capitalization figures, as Allianz made use of the book value deduction approach.

141

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

In 2023, the impact of model changes on our internal model
concerned the following risk categories:

Market risk
The higher market risk is mainly due to the change in the approach for
allocating risk contributions from standard formula entities, as well as
the net impact of several minor model changes at Allianz companies.
This is partially offset by the SCR reduction due to the dynamic inflation
extrapolation model change.
Overall, these model change result in a € 3.2 bn higher market risk
of the Allianz Group at € 26.0 bn (2022: € 22.8 bn).

Credit risk and operational risk
The higher credit risk, and operational risk figures at Allianz Group
level are mainly driven by the improved approach for allocating risk
capital from major Group standard formula entities to the risk
categories.
The minor model changes in 2023 do not have a material impact
on credit risk and operational risk.

Underwriting risk and business risk
For underwriting risk and business risk, the higher figures at
Allianz Group level are mainly resulting from the improved approach
for the allocation of risks from standard formula entities.
The minor model changes in 2023 do not materially impact
underwriting risk and business risk.

Diversification benefits and tax relief
The higher diversification benefits and tax relief figures are due to the
explicit reflection of diversification benefits and the loss-absorbing
capacity of deferred taxes from the standard formula entities.

Capital add-on
The reduction in the capital add-on is mainly due to a decrease in the
replicating portfolio add-on due to the dynamic inflation
extrapolation model change.

Minor non-EEA insurance entities
Due to regulatory requirements, starting from the fourth quarter 2023,
the book value deduction approach will no longer be used for certain
minor non-EEA insurance entities. Instead, a value for the contribution

of solvency capital requirements from these entities to the Group is
derived from an approach based on experience values from the
standard formula calculations for the Allianz Group, which has been
aligned with the regulator.

Impact of model changes on Eligible Group Own
Funds
As a result of regulatory and model changes, we registered a € 7.3 bn
increase of Own Funds after tax in 2023, mainly driven by the change
for the minor non-EEA insurance entities that were formerly included
via book-value-deduction in the amount of € 6.3 bn.
The remaining impacts of central, minor and immaterial model
changes are mainly driven by Allianz Lebensversicherungs-AG.

To support the development of a risk appetite and a risk management
framework for these core risks, the Allianz Group has elaborated the
following risk management philosophy:
−

−

Impacts of transitional measures
The continued application of transitional measures on technical
provisions for Allianz Lebensversicherungs-AG and Allianz Private
Krankenversicherungs-AG resulted in an increase in the Own Funds of
€ 10.2 bn at the Group level.

Allianz risk profile and management
assessment1
Allianz’s core business as a global insurer and asset manager
predominantly exposes it to a variety of risks such as underwriting risks,
financial market and credit risks, and several other non-financial risks
(i.e., operational, reputational, liquidity, and strategic risks). The
execution of the strategic objectives may impact the potential severity
or likelihood of these existing risks, contribute towards concentrations
of certain types of risk, or potentially even give rise to new risks within
a given risk category. However, from a broad perspective, the overall
risk profile of Allianz has remained and is expected to remain stable.
“Stable” in this context means a relatively high exposure to financial
risks (i.e., the sum of financial market and credit risks), a moderate
exposure to underwriting risks, and a modest exposure to operational,
business, and other risks (i.e., measured as a share of the
Allianz Group’s Solvency II risk capital). Please refer to section
“Solvency II Regulatory Capitalization” for further details.

−

Financial risks: The Allianz Group’s ultimate objective is to assure
that financial risk taking is in line with risk-bearing capacity at the
Group and legal entity level, and that it creates shareholder equity.
To manage financial risk effectively and avoid accumulated losses
in times of financial crisis, it is essential to clearly identify, measure,
monitor, and control the risks inherent in the investment portfolios
and in insurance products, including the development of new
products.
Underwriting risks: Exposures to these risks are required to serve
customers and generate shareholder value. Quality control
mechanisms are applied to ensure adherence to Allianz’s
underwriting standards and monitor the quality of the portfolio
and underwriting process. The underwriting processes must
support sustainable and profitable business, secure consistency,
align with the risk appetite of the Group and of the operating
entities as well as avoid undesired and/or excessive risks and
accumulations.
Other non-financial risks: These risks are inherent to the core
business and need to be carefully managed via continuous
improvements in risk identification, risk assessment, and control
environments. This occurs through elements of the Group Risk
management framework such as the Top Risk Assessment (TRA),
Non-Financial Risk Management (NFRM), Reputational Risk
Management Framework, and Liquidity Risk Management.

Allianz faces a challenging financial market and operating
environment. Markets are characterized by the risk of persistently high
volatility. Interest rates have further increased, reflecting continued
monetary policy tightening by key central banks to counter current
inflation rates and long-term inflation expectations being above
central banks’ long-term inflation targets. Bonds and equity markets
are fragile, as inflation and economic growth prospects for Europe and
the United States are still impacted by repercussions from the war in
Ukraine and supply chain disruptions from the COVID-19 pandemic,

1_This section contains specific risk disclosures as required by IFRS 17 and IFRS 7 relating to the notes to
the consolidated financial statements.

142

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

and there is the risk of further global political and economic
destabilization.
Lasting geopolitical and new regional political crises dominate
the political and economic agenda. There is no clear resolution on the
horizon for the lasting war in Ukraine. In addition, the Israel-Hamas
war in Gaza risks escalating into a regional military conflict with the
involvement of Iran and the U.S., encompassing new risks for energy
prices and inflation. Furthermore, there is the risk of a deterioration in
the United States-China relationship, as well as of a further hardening
of China’s attitudes towards Taiwan.
In addition to the geopolitical crises, there are several other
factors that may lead to a persistent high financial market volatility.
Lasting momentum for populist and radical parties in the Americas, in
Europe, and around the globe could make international cooperation
and coordination more challenging and complex, leading to a lower
chance of impactful political action on geopolitical and regional crises,
as well as on issues such as climate change, due to conflicting
objectives. The risk factors also include further disruptions to global
supply chains, which weigh on global trade, with the potential to
prompt long-term structural shifts in these chains. Lasting risk factors
include the challenges of implementing long-term structural reforms
in key eurozone countries.
The increasing reliance on digital technologies, combined with
the rising use of artificial intelligence, increases the risk of technology
obsolescence, cyberattacks, data breaches, system failures, negative
impacts from the use of deepfake tools on political and business
processes, as well as the risk of non-compliance with increasing
regulation covering IT-related business processes.
Therefore, we continue to closely monitor political, financial and
technological developments as well as the global trade situation to
manage our overall risk profile to specific event risks.

143

Our approved partial internal model has been applied since the
beginning of 2016 when Solvency II came into effect. There is some
uncertainty whether the provisional equivalence of the U.S. solvency
regime for Solvency II purposes will be extended beyond 2025, as well
as about future regulatory requirements resulting from the potential
introduction of future global capital requirements and from the
current Solvency II review.
The Solvency II concept of “equivalence” allows third country
solvency regimes to be recognized and used for Solvency II purposes.
Most relevant for Allianz today, it allows the integration of Allianz Life
Insurance Company of North America into the Group capital
calculation based on U.S. solvency requirements. The current
provisional equivalent treatment of the U.S. expires at the end of 2025
and there is some risk that the equivalence will not be extended
beyond 2025, with a potential negative impact on the solvency ratio of
the Allianz Group.
The framework for potential future capital requirements for
Internationally Active Insurance Groups (IAIGs) is yet to be finalized by
the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) and the
Financial Stability Board (FSB).
In addition, in recent years, the European Commission reviewed
the Solvency II directive as foreseen in European legislation. The review
has been politically agreed by the trilogue parties (European
Commission, European Parliament, and European Council) in
December 2023, and the final text of the directive is expected to be
published in the official journal of the European Union in the second or
the third quarter of 2024. The corresponding update of Level 2
legislation (Solvency II regulation) as well as EIOPA guidelines will be
performed by the European Commission and EIOPA during 2024 and
2025 and will cover outstanding technical details as delegated by the
directive. The application of the new rules will start 24 months after
their publication in the official journal of the European Union, i.e., for
the second quarter of 2026 at the earliest.
Finally, the potential for a multiplicity of different regulatory
regimes, capital standards, and reporting requirements based on a
parallel application of a global capital framework (Insurance Capital
Standard – ICS) as well as Solvency II could increase operational
complexity and costs.

The management feels comfortable with the Group’s overall risk
profile and capitalization level. This confidence is based on several
factors:
−

−

−

−

Due to its effective capital management, the Allianz Group is well
capitalized and has met its internal, rating agency, and regulatory
solvency targets as of 31 December 2023. Allianz remains one of
the most highly rated insurance groups in the world, as reflected
by our external ratings.
The Group has a conservative investment profile and disciplined
business practices in the Property-Casualty, Life/Health, and Asset
Management business segments, leading to sustainable
operating earnings with a well-balanced risk-return profile.
Allianz is well-positioned to deal with potentially adverse future
events such as those related to the ongoing war in Ukraine – due
to our strong internal limit framework, stress testing, internal
model, and risk management practices.
Furthermore, the Group has the additional advantage of being
well-diversified, both geographically and across a broad range of
businesses and products.

Based on the information available to us at the moment of report
completion, we expect to continue to be sufficiently capitalized and
compliant with both the regulatory Solvency Capital Requirement and
the Minimum Capital Requirement. However, Allianz is carefully
monitoring the development of the war in Ukraine, geopolitical
tensions and regional political crises in particular, and manages its
portfolios to ensure that the Group, Allianz SE, and the other Group
companies have sufficient resources to meet their solvency capital
needs.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

The Own Funds and capital requirements are based on the market
value balance sheet approach, which is consistent with the economic
principles of Solvency II 1. Our regulatory capitalization is shown in the
following table.
Allianz Group: Solvency II regulatory capitalization1
2023

2022

Own Funds

€ bn

89.6

77.9

Capital requirement

€ bn

43.5

38.8

Capitalization ratio

%

206

201

As of 31 December

1_Excluding the application of transitional measures on technical provisions.

In the second quarter of 2020, Allianz had been granted approval for
the application of transitionals on technical provisions for the two
entities Allianz Lebensversicherungs-AG and Allianz Private
Krankenversicherungs-AG. As of 31 December 2023 and including the
application of transitional measures on technical provisions, the Own
Funds and SCR amounted to € 99.7 bn and € 43.5 bn, leading to a
Solvency II ratio of 229 %. Our general capital steering, however,
continues to focus on the previous approach, i.e., excluding the
application of transitional measures on technical provisions.
Consequently, the figures in all subsequent sections exclude
transitional measures unless otherwise stated.
The following table summarizes our Solvency II regulatory
capitalization ratios disclosed over the course of the year 2023:
Allianz Group: Solvency II regulatory capitalization ratios
%

Capitalization
ratio

31 Dec
2023

30 Sept
2023

30 Jun
2023

31 Mar
2023

31 Dec
2022

206

212

208

206

201

1_Own Funds and capital requirement are calculated under consideration of volatility adjustment and yield
curve extension, as described in section “Risk-free rate and volatility adjustment”.

144

Compared to year-end 2022, our Solvency II capitalization ratio
increased by 5 percentage points to 206 % (2022: 201 %) since the
increase in the Solvency II Capital Requirement was overcompensated
by significantly higher Own Funds.
The development of the Solvency II ratio was positively supported
by a solid operating Solvency II capital generation and business
evolution (27 percentage points pre-tax) and a favorable impact of
regulatory and model changes (4 percentage points), the latter
primarily resulting from the dynamic inflation extrapolation model
change and other central and local model changes.
This was partially compensated by negative effects. The main
impact came from (capital) management actions ((16) percentage
points), dominated by dividend accruals and share buy backs. Taxes
also contributed to the decrease of the capitalization ratio ((8)
percentage points). A small negative contribution ((1) percentage
point) resulted from the net impact of capital market developments,
whereby strain, especially from lower real estate valuations and
interest rates, was largely offset by positive impacts, e.g., from stronger
equity markets and lower inflation.
The following table presents the sensitivities of our Solvency II
capitalization ratio under certain standard financial market scenarios.
Allianz Group: Solvency II regulatory capitalization ratio sensitivities
%

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Base capitalization ratio

206

201

Interest rates up by 0.5%1

208

202

Interest rates down by 0.5%1

201

198

Equity prices up by 30%

217

211

Equity prices down by 30%

191

188

Combined scenario:
Equity prices down by 30%
Interest rate down by 0.5% 1
Credit spreads up by 0.5%

179

179

1_Non-parallel interest rate shifts due to extrapolation of the yield curve beyond the last liquid
point in line with Solvency II rules.

The presented sensitivity analyses are based on defined variations of
specific parameters and describe the resulting development of our
Solvency II capitalization under such idealized scenarios (e.g.,
decrease in interest rates by 50 basis points). The observed
developments will, however, typically materialize in a more complex
way (e.g., interest rates are typically not decreasing in a parallel shift
manner along the term structure). Therefore, sensitivities are to be
interpreted in a way such that they provide valuable information on
areas to which our capitalization is particularly sensitive together with
an indication of the estimated magnitude. The actual observed
developments in the capitalization can, however, be more or less
pronounced depending on the specific realized circumstances. Our
comprehensive stress testing framework is regularly analyzed in order
to identify potential enhancements to support the explanatory power
of stress tests conducted in light of our risk profile.
The Allianz Group is a financial conglomerate within the scope of
the Financial Conglomerate Directive (FCD). The FCD does not impose
a materially different capital requirement on the Allianz Group
compared to Solvency II.

Quantifiable risks and opportunities by
risk category2
This Risk and Opportunity Report outlines the Group’s risk figures,
reflecting its risk profile based on pre-diversified risk figures and Group
diversification effects.
We measure and steer risk based on an approved internal model
which quantifies the potential adverse developments of Own Funds.
The results provide an overview of how our risk profile is distributed
over different risk categories and determine the regulatory capital
requirements in accordance with Solvency II.
The pre-diversified risk figures reflect the diversification effect
within each modeled risk category (i.e., market, credit, underwriting,
business, and operational risk), but do not include the diversification
effects across risk categories. Group diversified risk figures also capture
the diversification effect across all risk categories.
The Group diversified risk is broken down as follows:

2_This section contains specific risk disclosures as required by IFRS 17 and IFRS 7 relating to the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Allianz Group: Allocated risk according to the risk profile (total portfolio before non-controlling interests)
€ mn

Market risk

Credit risk

Underwriting risk

Business risk

Operational risk

Diversification

Total

As of 31 December

2023

20221

2023

20221

2023

20221

2023

20221

2023

20221

2023

20221

2023

20221

Property-Casualty

6,205

7,064

2,748

2,695

14,693

13,344

722

593

1,957

1,872

(10,039)

(9,167)

16,285

16,401

Life/Health

17,591

17,064

1,657

1,531

2,280

1,647

5,729

5,490

1,854

1,645

(8,858)

(8,830)

20,254

18,548

Corporate and Other

2,053

1,853

286

286

33

73

-

-

441

372

(484)

(547)

2,329

2,038

Total Group

25,849

25,982

4,691

4,513

17,006

15,064

6,450

6,083

4,252

3,889

(19,381)

(18,544)

38,868

36,987

(5,506)

(5,339)

Tax relief
Capital add-on

723

764

Minor non-EEA insurers

2,930

2,930

Third country equivalent

3,649

3,520

Sectoral requirements

2,821

2,783

Total Group

43,485

41,646

1_2022 risk profile figures adjusted based on the impact of 2023 model changes.

As of 31 December 2023, the Group-diversified risk capital, which
reflects our risk profile before considering non-controlling interests,
amounted to € 43.5 bn (2022: € 41.6 bn).
The € 1.8 bn increase in the Solvency II Capital Requirement was
driven by the positive business evolution in the Property-Casualty
business segment. This was partially compensated by risk capital relief

from effects such as model and assumptions updates at Allianz
Lebensversicherungs-AG and various other companies of the Group.
The following sections explain the evolution of our risk profile per
modeled risk category. All risks are presented on a pre-diversified basis
and concentrations of single sources of risk are discussed accordingly.

The following table presents our group-wide risk figures related to
market risks by business segment and source of risk.

Allianz Group: Risk profile – market risk by business segment and source of risk (total portfolio before tax and non-controlling interests)
pre-diversified, € mn
Interest rate

Inflation

Credit spread

Equity

Real estate

Currency

Total

As of 31 December

2023

20221

2023

20221

2023

20221

2023

20221

2023

20221

2023

20221

2023

Property-Casualty

(244)

328

(1,171)

(407)

2,429

2,451

2,908

2,891

1,741

1,585

541

216

6,205

7,064

Life/Health

(27)

3,434

(237)

(58)

4,262

4,242

11,278

7,264

1,719

1,813

596

369

17,591

17,064

Corporate and Other
Total Group

20221

77

(181)

(103)

(7)

216

310

1,773

1,517

166

168

(76)

46

2,053

1,853

(194)

3,581

(1,511)

(472)

6,908

7,004

15,959

11,672

3,626

3,566

1,061

631

25,849

25,982

Share of total Group pre-diversified risk

37.8 %

39.7 %

1_2022 risk profile figures adjusted based on the impact of 2023 model changes.

In 2023, the Allianz Group’s total pre-diversified market risk barely
changed, as a strong increase in equity risk was offset by a decrease in
interest rate risk and a higher risk relief from inflation risk.

145

The rise in the contribution of equity risk to market risk, especially
in the Life/Health business segment, primarily resulted from stronger
equity markets, together with a higher exposure to alternative equity
investments and diversification effects within market risk. A decrease
in interest rates, together with a lower duration gap, caused a shift in
the contribution of interest rate risk and inflation risk to market risk.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Interest rate risk
As of 31 December 2023, our interest-rate-sensitive investments
excluding unit-linked business – amounting to a market value of
€ 360.7 bn (2022: € 347.1 bn) 1 – would have gained € 32.4 bn (2022:
€ 32.1 bn) or lost € 27.7 bn (2022: € 27.7 bn) 2 in value in the event of
interest rates shifting by -100 and + 100 basis points, respectively.
However, these impacts would have been partially offset by
policyholder participation. In addition, the Solvency II Own Funds
effect is much more limited due to our active duration management,
reducing the duration mismatch of the Group to 0.2 years (from 0.6
years in 2022), representing Solvency II liabilities of shorter duration
than assets.
The impact of a 0.5 % increase in interest rates on the Solvency II
ratio is shown in the table “Solvency II regulatory capitalization ratio
sensitivities” in the section “Solvency II regulatory capitalization”.

The following table presents our group-wide risk figures for credit risks
by business segment.

Equity risk

Throughout 2023, the Allianz credit portfolio was not affected by
significant movements or events with respect to credit migration risk
and default risk.
Ultimately, the overall credit risk for the Allianz Group increased
by € 0.2 bn to € 4.7 bn (2022: € 4.5 bn).
As of 31 December 2023, the maximum exposure to credit risk 5
from debt investments measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income amounted to € 583.8 bn (2022: € 594.1 bn), the
theoretical maximum exposure to credit risk from credit insurance

As of 31 December 2023, our investments excluding unit-linked
business that are sensitive to changing equity markets – amounting to
a market value of € 77.4 bn 3 (2022: € 73.6 bn) – would have lost
€ 19.7 bn 4 (2022: € 18.4 bn) in value assuming equity markets had
declined by 30 %. However, this impact would have been partially
offset by policyholder participation.

1_The stated market value includes all assets from internal model entities whose market value is sensitive
to interest rate movements (excluding unit-linked business) reflecting the Solvency II framework, and
therefore is not based on classifications given by accounting principles.
2_The effects do not consider policyholder participation.

146

Allianz Group: Risk profile – allocated credit risk by business segment
(total portfolio before tax and non-controlling interests)
pre-diversified

As of 31 December

2023

20221

Property-Casualty

€ mn

2,748

2,695

Life/Health

€ mn

1,657

1,531

Corporate and Other

€ mn

286

286

Total Group

€ mn

4,691

4,513

%

6.86

6.89

Share of total Group pre-diversified
risk

1_2022 risk profile figures adjusted based on the impact of 2023 model changes.

3_The stated market value includes all assets from internal model entities whose market value is sensitive
to equity movements (excluding unit-linked business) reflecting the Solvency II framework, and therefore
is not based on classifications given by accounting principles.
4_The effect does not consider policyholder participation.

amounted to € 1,185.7 bn (2022: € 1,102.0 bn), and the maximum
exposure to credit risk from reinsurance amounted to € 28.1 bn (2022:
€ 28.8 bn).

Credit risk – investments
As of 31 December 2023, the credit risk arising from our investment
portfolio accounted for 64.8 % (2022: 64.2 %) of our total Group prediversified internal credit risk 6.
Credit risk in the Life/Health business segment is primarily driven
by long-term assets covering long-term policyholder liabilities. Typical
investments are government bonds, senior corporate bonds, covered
bonds, self-originated mortgages and loans, and a modest number of
derivatives. In the Property-Casualty business segment, fixed-income
securities tend to be short- to mid-term, due to the nature of the
business, and are not subject to policyholder participation.
The counterparty credit risk arising from derivatives is low, since
derivatives usage is governed by the group-wide internal guideline for
collateralization of derivatives, which stipulates master netting and
collateral agreements with each counterparty and requires highquality and liquid collateral. In addition, Allianz closely monitors
counterparties’ credit ratings and exposure movements.
As of 31 December 2023, the rating distribution of our fixedincome portfolio based on issue (instrument) ratings was as follows:

5_The stated investment exposure figures reflect gross carrying amounts. They are based on IFRS
requirements and include investments that are not within the scope of the Solvency II framework.
6_Additionally, 10.8 % (2022: 11.7 %) of our total Group pre-diversified internal credit risk is allocated to
receivables, potential future exposure for derivatives and reinsurance, and other off-balance sheet
exposures.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Rating distribution of Allianz Group’s fixed-income portfolio1
Book values, € bn
Type of issuer

Government bonds

Covered bonds

Corporate bonds

Banks

ABS/MBS

Short-term investments

Total

As of 31 December

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

AAA

30.3

38.6

34.5

33.9

5.3

4.6

2.6

2.1

10.0

13.9

-

-

82.7

93

AA

78.7

69.1

9.6

9.8

22.8

21.0

3.9

3.2

10.0

6.3

0.8

0.9

125.8

110.4

A

31.6

28.4

0.3

1.0

74.3

65.6

20.3

18.3

5.2

3.6

0.6

0.8

132.4

117.7

BBB

37.7

35.0

0.1

0.3

99.7

101.5

6.0

7.5

2.2

1.9

0.3

0.2

145.8

146.4

BB

7.2

6.7

-

-

9.1

11.5

0.4

0.4

0.2

0.1

0.0

0.0

16.8

18.7

B

1.6

2.9

-

-

3.2

2.5

0.1

0.1

0.1

0.1

0.2

0.1

5.3

5.7

CCC

0.3

0.4

-

-

0.2

0.2

0.1

-

0.1

0.1

-

-

0.8

0.8

CC

0.2

0.2

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.1

0.1

-

-

0.2

0.2

C

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.1

0.1

D

-

-

-

-

0.1

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

0.2

0.1

0.4

0.2

-

0.1

8.4

5.8

-

0.1

0.3

0.1

0.3

0.1

9.4

6.4

188.1

181.5

44.5

45.1

223.0

212.8

33.4

31.6

28.2

26.3

2.2

2.2

519.4

499.5

Not rated
Total

2022

1_In accordance with the Group Management Report, figures stated include investments of Banking and Asset Management. Table excludes private loans. Stated book values include investments not in scope of the Solvency II framework. Figures for both years are based on IFRS 9.

Credit risk – credit insurance
As of 31 December 2023, 20.7 % (2022: 19.6 %) of our total Group prediversified internal credit risk was allocated to Allianz Trade credit
insurance exposures.

mitigating techniques such as collateral agreements or funds-withheld
concepts are in place.
Allianz Group: Reinsurance recoverables by rating class1
€ bn

Credit risk – reinsurance

As of 31 December

2023

2022

As of 31 December 2023, 3.8 % (2022: 4.5 %) of our total Group prediversified internal credit risk was allocated to reinsurance exposures.
Of the Allianz Group’s reinsurance recoverables, 92.0 % (2022:
87.8 %) were distributed among reinsurers that had been assigned an
investment-grade rating; 7.7 % (2022: 12.0 %) were non-rated
reinsurance recoverables, the remaining 0.3 % (2022: 0.2 %) were
towards non-investment grade reinsurers. For substantial single-name
reinsurance exposures or exposures to non-rated captives, risk-

AAA

0.10

0.01

AA+ to AA-

5.32

5.73

A+ to A-

27.92

29.35

BBB+ to BBB-

12.15

12.38

Non-investment grade

0.14

0.13

Not assigned

3.83

6.48

Total

49.46

54.08

147

The following table presents the pre-diversified risk calculated for
underwriting risks associated with our insurance business.

1_Represents gross exposure for external reinsurance, broken down by rating classes.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

C _ Group Management Report

Allianz Group: Risk profile – allocated underwriting risk by business segment and source of risk (total portfolio before non-controlling interests)1
pre-diversified, € mn
Premium natural catastrophe

Premium terror

Premium non-catastrophe

Reserve

Biometric

Total

As of 31 December

2023

20222

2023

20222

2023

20222

2023

20222

2023

20222

2023

20222

Property-Casualty

1,580

1178

29

25

5,970

5,473

7,092

6,620

22

47

14,693

13,344

Life/Health

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2,280

1,647

2,280

1,647

Corporate and Other

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

33

73

33

73

1,580

1,178

29

25

5,970

5,473

7,092

6,620

2,336

1,768

17,006

15,064

Share of total Group pre-diversified risk

24.87 %

22.99 %

Total Group

1_As risks are measured in an integrated approach and on an economic basis, internal risk profile takes reinsurance effects into account.
2_2022 risk profile figures adjusted based on the impact of the 2023 model changes.

During 2023, the total Group pre-diversified underwriting risk capital
increased by € 1.9 bn.

Property-Casualty
The increase in Property-Casualty underwriting risk was mainly driven
by exposure increases affecting all sources of risk. The increase in

premium natural catastrophe risk was mainly impacted by a change in
Group reinsurance structure.
The loss ratios for the Property-Casualty business segment for the
past ten years are presented in the following table:

Property-Casualty loss ratios
%

2023

2022

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

2015

2014

Loss ratio including reinsurance results

69.3

68.4

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Loss ratio without natural catastrophe including reinsurance results

65.9

65.6

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Loss ratio

-

67.4

67.0

69.5

68.0

66.0

66.5

65.6

66.2

66.0

Loss ratio without natural catastrophes

-

64.5

63.9

67.8

66.5

64.0

64.2

64.2

64.6

65.1

Loss ratios IFRS 171

Loss ratios IFRS 42

1_Represents (discounted) claims and insurance benefits incurred including risk adjustment and reinsurance results, divided by insurance revenue.
2_Represents claims and insurance benefits incurred (net), divided by premiums earned (net).

The top five perils contributing to the natural catastrophe risk as of
31 December 2023 were: windstorms in Europe, tropical cyclones in the
USA, floods in Germany, earthquake in Australia, and hail in Germany.

Due to effective product design and the diversity of our products,
there were no significant concentrations of underwriting risks within
our Life/Health business segment.

Life/Health
The underwriting risk capital contribution of biometric risk increased by
€ 0.6 bn compared to the previous year. This is mainly due to changes
in the interest rates environment. Materially lower EUR interest rates in
particular led to a significant increase in longevity risk. In addition, local
model calibration updates had an upward impact on mortality risk.
Contributions from the Property-Casualty and the Corporate and
Other business segments are generated by the longevity risk of the
internal pension schemes they contain.

148

Business risk capital increased by 0.4 bn to € 6.5 bn (2022: € 6.1 bn).
The main reason is the impact of the significantly lower EUR interest
rates on the cost risk.

Overall, the operational risk capital showed a slightly increased risk
profile after the regular annual update of central and local
parameters (increase by 0.4 bn from € 3.9 bn in 2022 to € 4.3 bn in

2023), mainly due to regulations and increasing cyber threats in some
local markets.

Detailed information regarding our liquidity risk exposure, liquidity,
and funding – including changes in cash and cash equivalents – is
provided in Liquidity and Funding Resources and in notes 7.3.1, 7.3.2
and 7.5 to the consolidated financial statements. As can be inferred
from the section on the management of liquidity risks, while these are
quantified and monitored through regular stress test reporting as well
as properly managed, they are not quantified for risk capital purposes.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

D
149

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
Consolidated balance sheet
€ mn

Note

As of 31 December 2023

As of 31 December 2022

As of 1 January 20221

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents

4

29,210

22,896

24,247

Investments

7.2

721,802

690,991

837,869

Financial assets for unit-linked contracts

8.6

152,872

141,034

158,359

Insurance contract assets

6.6

172

327

36

Reinsurance contract assets

6.7

24,719

25,605

26,141

Deferred tax assets

8.4

5,992

6,369

4,709

Other assets

8.7

29,757

30,234

27,222

Intangible assets

8.9

Total assets

18,649

18,442

18,186

983,174

935,897

1,096,770

Liabilities and equity
Financial liabilities

7.3

56,282

51,310

50,877

Insurance contract liabilities

6.6

776,944

740,799

883,250

Reinsurance contract liabilities

6.7

231

257

55

Investment contract liabilities

8.6

49,686

47,827

55,872

Deferred tax liabilities

8.4

2,124

2,158

2,368

Other liabilities

8.8

34,328

34,810

38,956

919,594

877,163

1,031,378
61,157

Total liabilities
Shareholders’ equity

8.10

58,477

54,415

Non-controlling interests

8.10

5,103

4,320

4,235

Total equity

63,580

58,735

65,392

Total liabilities and equity

983,174

935,897

1,096,770

Contractual service margin (CSM)

53,818

53,382

59,381

Risk adjustment

6,600

7,219

8,875

Supplementary information for insurance contracts issued

1_The Annual Report 2022 was released in March 2023 and included a preliminary version of the IFRS 9/17 opening balance sheet for 2022 based on assessments made until mid-February 2023 with the aim of illustrating the possible impacts of IFRS 9/17. After the release of the Annual Report 2022,
the Allianz Group continued with the preparation of the IFRS 9/17 opening balance sheet and made some non-material adjustments. As such, the final version of the IFRS 9/17 opening balance sheet for 2022 is slightly different from the preliminary version in the Annual Report 2022.

150

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
Consolidated income statement
€ mn

Note

2023

2022

6.1

91,251

86,985

Insurance service expenses

6.2

(77,145)

(73,911)

Reinsurance result

6.3

(2,742)

(2,090)

11,364

10,983
24,801

Insurance revenue

Insurance service result
Interest result1

7.1

25,386

Realized gains/losses (net)

7.1

(5,518)

959

Valuation result

7.1

6,509

(36,392)

Investment expenses

7.1

(1,849)

(1,919)

24,528

(12,550)
14,142

Net investment income
Finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts (net)

6.4

(22,133)

Finance income from reinsurance contracts (net)

6.4

556

1,422

(21,577)

15,564

2,951

3,014

Net insurance finance expenses
Investment result
Fee and commission income

8.1

13,651

13,094

Fee and commission expenses

8.2

(5,487)

(4,955)

(238)

(60)

8.3

(9,513)

(11,209)

Net result from investment contracts2
Acquisition and administrative expenses
Other income

104

103

Other expenses

(363)

(32)

Amortization of intangible assets

(319)

(323)

Restructuring and integration expenses

(568)

(951)

Income before income taxes
Income taxes

8.4

Net income

11,582

9,664

(2,550)

(2,808)

9,032

6,856

Net income attributable to:
Non-controlling interests
Shareholders

491

435

8,541

6,421

Basic earnings per share (€)

8.5

21.20

15.57

Diluted earnings per share (€)

8.5

21.18

15.48

1_Includes interest expenses from external debt.
2_Excluding investment result and fee income.

151

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
€ mn

Net income

2023

2022

9,032

6,856

2023

2022

Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in future periods (continued)
Reinsurance assets

Other comprehensive income

Reclassifications to net income

-

-

Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in future periods

Changes arising during the period

(50)

(3,023)

Subtotal

(50)

(3,023)

Foreign currency translation adjustments
Reclassifications to net income

694

(7)

Changes arising during the period

(567)

508

Reclassifications to net income

-

-

Subtotal

126

501

Changes arising during the period

(33)

(651)

Subtotal

(33)

(651)

3,986

624

Changes arising during the period

17,183

(99,933)

Actuarial gains and losses on defined benefit plans

(378)

1,796

Subtotal

21,169

(99,309)

Equity investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income

1,655

(10,137)

Insurance liabilities

(1,730)

4,192

Reclassifications to net income

802

(288)

Changes arising during the period

(164)

(1,758)

Subtotal

638

(2,047)

-

(6)

Changes arising during the period

15

(160)

Total comprehensive income attributable to:

Subtotal

15

(166)

Non-controlling interests

Debt investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
Reclassifications to net income

Cash flow hedges

Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures
Reclassifications to net income

Insurance liabilities

Miscellaneous

Items that may never be reclassified to profit or loss

Miscellaneous

(8)

318

Total other comprehensive income

2,366

(7,610)

Total comprehensive income

11,398

(754)

Shareholders

Reclassifications to net income

12,875

(3,647)

Changes arising during the period

(31,913)

104,563

Subtotal

(19,037)

100,916

510

189

10,888

(943)

For further information on the income taxes associated with different components of other comprehensive
income, please see note 8.4.

152

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
€ mn

Balance as of 31 December 2021 as stated
Adjustments of initial application of IFRS 9
and 17, net of tax

Retained earnings

Foreign currency
translation
adjustments

Unrealized gains
and losses from
insurance contracts
(net)

Other unrealized
gains and losses
(net)

Shareholders'
equity

Non-controlling
interests

Total equity

4,699

32,784

(3,223)

-

16,789

79,952

4,270

84,222

Paid-in capital

Undated
subordinated
bonds1

28,902
-

-

(5,393)

(251)

(46,554)

33,403

(18,794)

(35)

(18,829)

28,902

4,699

27,391

(3,474)

(46,554)

50,192

61,157

4,235

65,392

-

144

7,757

425

101,408

(110,677)

(943)

189

(754)

-

-

6,421

-

-

-

6,421

435

6,856

Purchase, sale, use and cancellation of
treasury shares2

-

-

(1,301)

-

-

-

(1,301)

-

(1,301)

Changes in scope of consolidation

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

151

151

Changes in ownership interests in
subsidiaries

-

-

(34)

-

-

(5)

(40)

(21)

(60)

Capital increases and decreases

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

291

291

Other changes

-

-

44

-

-

-

44

(40)

4

Dividends paid

-

-

(4,383)

-

-

-

(4,383)

(487)

(4,870)

Restated balance as of 1 January 2022
Total comprehensive income
thereof net income

Other distributions

-

-

(119)

-

-

-

(119)

-

(119)

Balance as of 31 December 2022

28,902

4,843

29,354

(3,048)

54,854

(60,490)

54,415

4,320

58,735

Balance as of 31 December 2022 as stated

28,902

4,843

35,350

(2,406)

-

(15,215)

51,474

3,768

55,242

Adjustments of initial application of IFRS 9
and 17, net of tax

-

-

(5,995)

(642)

54,854

(45,275)

2,941

552

3,493

28,902

4,843

29,354

(3,048)

54,854

(60,490)

54,415

4,320

58,735

-

(79)

8,174

165

(20,647)

23,275

10,888

510

11,398

-

-

8,541

-

-

-

8,541

491

9,032

Purchase, sale, use and cancellation of
treasury shares2

-

-

(2,202)

-

-

-

(2,202)

-

(2,202)

Changes in scope of consolidation

-

-

46

-

-

-

46

80

126

Changes in ownership interests in
subsidiaries

-

-

3

-

-

-

3

(4)

(1)

Capital increases and decreases

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

596

596

Other changes

-

-

9

-

-

-

9

(9)

-

Dividends paid

-

-

(4,541)

-

-

-

(4,541)

(389)

(4,931)

Restated balance as of 1 January 2023
Total comprehensive income
thereof net income

Other distributions
Balance as of 31 December 2023

-

-

(142)

-

-

-

(142)

-

(142)

28,902

4,764

30,702

(2,883)

34,207

(37,215)

58,477

5,103

63,580

1_For further information regarding the undated subordinated bonds, please refer to note 7.3.2.
2_For further information regarding the share buy-backs, please refer to note 8.10.

153

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
Consolidated statement of cash flows1
€ mn

2023

2022

Summary
Net cash flow provided by operating activities

24,462

17,952

Net cash flow used in investing activities

(12,007)

(14,992)

Net cash flow used in financing activities

(5,724)

(4,367)

(468)

268

Change in cash and cash equivalents

6,262

(1,140)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

22,896

24,247

-

(211)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents reclassified to assets of disposal groups held for sale in 2022
Cash and cash equivalents reclassified to assets of disposal groups held for sale and disposed
of in 2023
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

51

-

29,210

22,896

9,032

6,856

(168)

(107)

Cash flow from operating activities
Net income
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities
Share of earnings from investments in associates and joint ventures

2023
Property and equipment

Realized gains/losses (net), impairments of investments (net), valuation result (net)

Subtotal

2022

188

220

206,616

277,511

Payments for the purchase or origination of:
Investments measured at fair value through profit or loss

(30,064)

(32,661)

Investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income

(182,211)

(228,168)

Investments measured at amortized cost

(1,844)

(3,457)

Investments in associates and joint ventures

(801)

(2,488)

Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale

(174)

-

(1,510)

(1,771)

Real estate held for investment
Fixed assets from alternative investments
Property and equipment
Subtotal

(587)

(174)

(1,553)

(1,444)

(218,745)

(270,163)

Business combinations (note 3):
Proceeds from sale of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed

(290)

-

Acquisitions of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired

(106)

(199)

670

(21,878)

Net change from derivative assets and liabilities

Investments measured at fair value through profit or loss/other comprehensive income
and at amortized costs, investments in associates and joint ventures, real estate held for
investments, non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale

9,280

5,102

Net cash flow used in investing activities

Other investments, mainly derivatives

Other (net)

(152)

(264)

(12,007)

(14,992)
2,975

(2,026)

18,680

Cash flow from financing activities

Depreciation and amortization

2,272

2,179

Net change in liabilities to banks and customers and other financial liabilities

1,364

Other non-cash income/expenses

2,131

(1,732)

Proceeds from the issuance of certificated liabilities and subordinated liabilities

5,505

5,848

Repayments of certificated liabilities and subordinated liabilities

(5,619)

(6,455)

Net change in:
Reinsurance contract assets and liabilities

210

(2,873)

Proceeds from the issuance of undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders' equity

Insurance contract assets and liabilities

16,023

(12,598)

Net change in lease liabilities

644

(7,398)

Transactions between equity holders

601

198

(12,530)

15,651

Dividends paid to shareholders

(4,931)

(4,870)

Net cash from sale or purchase of treasury stock

(2,202)

(1,311)

Investment contract liabilities
Financial assets for unit-linked contracts
Deferred tax assets/liabilities

-

-

(401)

(450)

13

418

Other (net)

(420)

(6,227)

Other (net)

Subtotal

15,430

11,096

Net cash flow used in financing activities

24,462

17,952

1_As of 1 January 2023, some changes have been made to the classification of cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities to reflect
the cash flows in the most useful manner for the Allianz Group. These changes have also been reflected in comparative periods.

Net cash flow provided by operating activities
Cash flow from investing activities

(41)

(303)

(5,724)

(4,367)

Proceeds from the sale/maturity/repayment of:
Investments measured at fair value through profit or loss

19,294

26,616

Investments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income

184,757

247,475

Investments measured at amortized cost

875

861

Investments in associates and joint ventures

339

1,376

Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
Real estate held for investment
Fixed assets from alternative investments

154

99

362

1,064

602

-

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
GENERAL INFORMATION
1 _ Nature of operations and basis of
presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements present the
operations of Allianz SE with its registered office in Königinstrasse 28,
80802 Munich, Germany, and its subsidiaries (the Allianz Group).
Allianz SE is recorded in the Commercial Register of the municipal
court in Munich under the number HRB 164232.
They have been prepared in conformity with International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs), as adopted under European
Union (E.U.) regulations in accordance with § 315e (1) of the German
Commercial Code (HGB). Within these consolidated financial
statements, the Allianz Group has applied all standards and
interpretations issued by the IASB and endorsed by the E.U. that are
compulsory as of 31 December 2023.
In these consolidated financial statements, the Allianz Group has
applied IFRS 9 and IFRS 17 for the first time. The related changes in
significant accounting policies are described in note 2.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared as of
and for the year ended 31 December 2023. The Allianz Group’s
presentation currency is the euro (€). Amounts are rounded to the
nearest million (€ mn) unless otherwise stated.
The consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue
by the Board of Management on 22 February 2024.
The Allianz Group offers property-casualty insurance, life/health
insurance, and asset management products and services in almost 70
countries.

155

2 _ Accounting policies, significant
estimates, and new accounting
pronouncements

interim financial statements may change under IFRS 17 in subsequent
interim financial statements and in the annual reporting period.

Principles of consolidation
Scope of consolidation and consolidation procedures

The following paragraphs describe important accounting policies and
significant estimates and assumptions relevant for the Allianz Group’s
consolidated financial statements. Estimates and assumptions
particularly influence the inclusion method as well as the accounting
treatment of financial instruments and insurance contracts, goodwill,
litigation provisions, pension liabilities and similar obligations, and
deferred taxes. Significant estimates and assumptions are explained
in the respective paragraphs.

Reporting and presentation principles
The Allianz Group’s consolidated balance sheet is not presented using
a current/non-current classification. The following balances are
generally considered to be current: cash and cash equivalents, noncurrent assets and assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale,
and liabilities of disposal groups classified as held for sale. The
following balances are generally considered to be non-current:
investments, deferred tax assets, intangible assets, and deferred tax
liabilities.
Insurance contracts are split by contracts issued (insurance) and
held (reinsurance). Insurance contract portfolios in asset and liability
position are further presented separately on the balance sheet.
IFRS 17 is conceptually based on a prospective cash view, therefore all
payables and receivables from insurance contracts as well as any
deposits are part of the (re)insurance contract assets or liabilities.
The Allianz Group has made an accounting policy choice to apply
the year-to-date approach for the accounting for insurance contracts.
Therefore, the treatment of accounting estimates made in previous

In accordance with IFRS 10, the Allianz Group’s consolidated financial
statements include the financial statements of Allianz SE and its
subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are generally entities where Allianz SE,
directly or indirectly, owns more than half of the voting rights or similar
rights with the ability to affect the returns of these entities for its own
benefit.
Entities where the Allianz Group does not hold a majority stake
are included in the consolidated financial statements if the
Allianz Group controls these entities based on either distinctive rights
stipulated by shareholder agreements between the Allianz Group and
the other shareholders in these companies or voting rights held by the
Allianz Group which are sufficient to direct the relevant activities
unilaterally.
Entities where the Allianz Group holds a majority stake are not
included in the consolidated financial statements if the Allianz Group
does not control these entities because it has no majority
representation in the governing bodies and/or it requires at least the
confirmative vote of another investor to pass any decisions over
relevant activities.
For certain entities, voting or similar rights are not the dominant
factor of control, such as when voting rights relate to administrative
tasks only and returns are directed by means of contractual
arrangements, as is the case mainly for investment funds managed by
Allianz Group internal asset managers. For investment funds
managed by Allianz Group entities on the basis of contractual
arrangements, the Allianz Group considers an exposure to variability
from the aggregate economic interests (consisting of fees and direct
interests in the investment funds) of more than 30 % as indicative for
control, unless there is evidence to the contrary, for example, if the
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

investment funds’ financial and operating policies are largely
predetermined or other parties engaged in the investment funds have
substantive spin-off rights.

Initial accounting for business combinations and measurement
of non-controlling interests
Where newly acquired subsidiaries are subject to business
combination accounting, the provisions of IFRS 3 are applied. During
the IFRS 3 measurement period, which is for a maximum of one year
post the acquisition date, it may be necessary to adjust existing or
recognize additional assets and liabilities if new information is
obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the
acquisition date. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are
present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
share of the acquiree's net assets in the event of liquidation are
generally measured at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate
share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.

Associates and joint arrangements
Associates are entities over which the Allianz Group can exercise
significant influence. In general, if the Allianz Group holds 20 % or more
of the voting power in an investee but does not control the investee, it
is assumed to have significant influence.
Although the Allianz Group’s share in some entities is below 20 %,
the Allianz Group has significant influence over these entities if it is
sufficiently represented in the governing bodies that decide on the
relevant activities of these entities.
For certain third party managed investment funds in which the
Allianz Group holds a stake of above 20 %, the Allianz Group has no
significant influence if it is not represented in the governing bodies of
these investment funds or their investment activities are largely
predetermined.
Pursuant to IFRS 11, investments in joint arrangements have to be
classified as either joint operations or joint ventures, depending on the
contractual rights and obligations of each investor. The Allianz Group
has assessed the nature of its joint arrangements and determined
them to be joint ventures in most cases.
Generally, investments in associates and joint ventures are
accounted for using the equity method, which may imply a time lag of
up to three months. Income from investments in associates and joint
arrangements – excluding distributions – is included in the interest
result. Accounting policies of associates and joint arrangements are

156

generally adjusted where necessary to ensure consistency with the
accounting policies adopted by the Allianz Group.
However, if investments in associates or joint ventures are held as
the underlying items for a group of insurance contracts with direct
participation features, the Allianz Group elects the exemption from
applying the equity method and measures these investments at fair
value through profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9 instead. For the
purposes of this election, insurance contracts include investment
contracts with discretionary participation features.
For further information, please refer to note 7.2.

Foreign currency translation
Foreign currency translation follows the guidance set forth in IAS 21.
Income and expenses from subsidiaries that have a functional
currency other than the Allianz Group’s presentation currency (euro)
are translated to euro at the quarterly average exchange rate, unless
the subsidiary’s functional currency is that of a hyperinflationary
economy, in which case the closing rate is applied in accordance with
IAS 21.42.
Foreign currency gains and losses arising from foreign currency
transactions are reported in the valuation result in the consolidated
income statement, unless they relate to the foreign exchange
component of fair value changes that are recognized in other
comprehensive income. In the latter case, the foreign exchange
component is also recognized in other comprehensive income.

Financial instruments

At the Allianz Group, financial assets that are backing insurance
liabilities are generally considered to be held in a business model
whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows
and selling financial assets (“hold and sell” business model).
In accordance with IFRS 9, investments in equity financial
instruments are measured at fair value. The Allianz Group generally
uses the irrevocable election at initial recognition to present
subsequent changes in the instrument’s fair value in other
comprehensive income, provided that the instrument is neither held for
trading nor contingent consideration recognized by an acquirer in a
business combination to which IFRS 3 applies.
Measurement at fair value through profit or loss is only applied in
exceptional cases, e.g., to reduce an accounting mismatch that would
otherwise arise or if the above-mentioned preconditions for fair value
through other comprehensive income measurement are not fulfilled.

Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
In general, financial liabilities are classified as subsequently measured
at amortized cost, except for:
−

−

Recognition and derecognition
Financial assets are generally recognized and derecognized on the
trade date, i.e., when the Allianz Group commits to purchase or sell
securities.

−

Classification and measurement of financial assets
Based on the applicable business model and the respective
contractual cash flow characteristics, the Allianz Group classifies a
financial asset on initial recognition into one of the three measurement
categories:
−
−
−

amortized cost,
fair value through other comprehensive income, or
fair value through profit or loss.

−

Financial liabilities that are classified as measured at fair value
through profit or loss, either because they are held for trading
(including derivatives) or irrevocably designated to be measured
at fair value through profit or loss upon initial recognition in
accordance with IFRS 9.4.2.2.
Financial liabilities that arise when a transfer of a financial asset
does not qualify for derecognition or when the continuing
involvement approach applies. These liabilities are measured in
accordance with paragraphs 3.2.15 and 3.2.17 of IFRS 9.
Financial guarantee contracts. Provided that the measurement
rules in any of the first two points above do not apply, financial
guarantee contracts are measured at the higher of the amount of
the loss allowance determined in accordance with IFRS 9 and the
amount initially recognized less (where appropriate) the
cumulative amount of income recognized in accordance with the
principles of IFRS 15.
Contingent consideration recognized by an acquirer in a business
combination to which IFRS 3 applies; such contingent
consideration shall subsequently be measured at fair value
through profit or loss.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Measurement at fair value
The Allianz Group carries certain financial instruments at fair value
and discloses the fair value of all financial instruments.
Assets and liabilities measured or disclosed at fair value in the
consolidated financial statements are measured and classified in
accordance with the fair value hierarchy in IFRS 13, which categorizes
the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three
levels.
Level 1 inputs of financial instruments traded in active markets are
based on unadjusted quoted market prices or dealer price quotations
for identical assets or liabilities on the last exchange trading day prior
to or at the reporting date, if the latter is a trading day.
Level 2 applies if the market for a financial instrument is not active
or when the fair value is determined by using valuation techniques
based on observable input parameters.
Level 3 applies if not all input parameters that are significant to
the entire measurement are observable in the market. Accordingly, the
fair value is based on valuation techniques using non-market
observable inputs. Valuation techniques include the discounted cash
flow method, comparison to similar instruments for which observable
market prices exist, and other valuation models. Appropriate
adjustments are made, for example, for credit risks.
For fair value measurements categorized as level 2 and level 3, the
Allianz Group uses valuation techniques consistent with the three
widely used valuation techniques listed in IFRS 13:
−

−
−

Market approach: Prices and other relevant information
generated by market transactions involving identical or
comparable assets or liabilities.
Cost approach: Amount that would currently be required to
replace the service capacity of an asset (current replacement cost).
Income approach: Conversion of future amounts such as cash
flows or income to a single current amount (present value
technique).

There is no one-to-one connection between valuation technique and
hierarchy level. Depending on whether valuation techniques are
based on significant observable or unobservable inputs, financial
instruments are classified in the fair value hierarchy.

157

Estimates and assumptions of fair values and hierarchies are
particularly significant when determining the fair value of financial
instruments for which at least one significant input is not based on
observable market data (classified as level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy). The availability of market information is determined by the
relative trading levels of identical or similar instruments in the market,
with emphasis placed on information that represents actual market
activity or binding quotations from brokers or dealers.
The degree of judgment used in measuring the fair value of
financial instruments closely correlates with the use of non-market
observable inputs. The Allianz Group uses a maximum of observable
inputs and a minimum of non-market observable inputs when
measuring fair value. Observability of input parameters is influenced
by various factors such as type of the financial instrument, whether a
market is established for the particular instrument, specific transaction
characteristics, liquidity, and general market conditions. If the fair
value cannot be measured reliably, amortized cost is used as a proxy
for determining fair values.
In discharging its responsibilities in the area of the fair value
measurement of illiquid investments (level 3), the Allianz Group has set
up an independent Group Valuation Committee (GVC). The GVC is a
cross-functional body which includes representation from the Allianz
Group’s accounting and reporting, risk, and, investment management
functions as well as major operating entities. The GVC’s objectives are
the establishment and maintenance of appropriate market valuation
standards as well as checks and balances in order to successfully
manage the risks inherent in the internal and external fair valuation of
illiquid investments. In this regard, the GVC initiates, approves, and
maintains documented valuation best practices by illiquid asset
cluster. Furthermore, the GVC is responsible for performing regular
independent price verifications, onsite visits of operating entities, and
for requiring the implementation of best practices in the area of the
illiquid assets valuation. It also has prerogatives to implement
measures to resolve any related findings and valuation disputes.
For further information with regards to the measurement at fair
value, please refer to note 7.5.

Impairments
The Allianz Group’s central risk framework under Solvency II serves as
the basis for IFRS 9 impairment calculations. In regard of credit ratings
which represent a central parameter of credit risk, the Allianz Group reuses the Solvency II assessment of the long-term creditworthiness of its
debtors. In detail, the Solvency II rating assignment for the investment

portfolio of the Allianz Group is based on external agency ratings
enhanced by the Group’s internal credit assessment. The internal credit
assessment is used to add a point-in-time component to long-term
ratings in order to capture current market information and to add
forward-looking information. The Allianz Group uses hurdle ratings
that indicate a significant increase in credit risk and consequently a
transfer from Stage 1 to Stage 2 on a notch-by-notch basis. In addition,
the rating hurdle is dependent on the expected maturity of the
investment. A transfer to Stage 3 is triggered by a D rating or when one
or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future
cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. The loss-given default
assignment is performed based on the established methods applied
for Solvency II purposes. The Allianz Group follows a cash-flow-based
approach for the expected credit loss (ECL) calculation. In order to
calculate the ECL, the Allianz Group uses transition matrices that take
into account the probability of default (PD) as a quantitative measure
of the credit quality of a financial instrument or counterparty assigned
per rating notch as well as the transition probabilities quantifying the
likelihood of rating changes over time.

Modifications of financial assets
In some circumstances, the renegotiation or modification of the
contractual cash flows of a financial asset can lead to the
derecognition of the existing financial asset in accordance with IFRS 9.
The Allianz Group accounting policies prescribe that a substantial
modification of the terms of an existing financial asset shall lead to the
derecognition of the original financial asset and the recognition of a
new financial asset. The determination whether the contractual terms
have been modified substantially is based on a qualitative and/or
quantitative assessment.
The quantitative assessment is required in case the qualitative
assessment is not sufficient to establish that the terms of the modified
financial asset are substantially different from those of the original
financial asset. For the quantitative assessment, the Allianz Group
applies the criteria for the extinguishment of financial liabilities
analogically. Accordingly, a modification is deemed to be substantial if
the net present value of the cash flows under the modified contractual
terms, including any fees paid or received and discounted at the
original effective interest rate, is at least 10 % different from the gross
carrying amount of the financial asset prior to the modification.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Hedge accounting
The Allianz Group has chosen as its accounting policy to apply the
IFRS 9 hedge accounting requirements, except for fair value hedges of
the interest rate exposure of a portfolio of financial assets or financial
liabilities, which continue to be accounted for in accordance with
IAS 39.
Derivative financial instruments designated as hedging
instruments in hedge accounting relationships are included in the line
items investments measured at fair value through profit or loss and
financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss.
Freestanding derivatives are included in the same line items.
For further information on derivatives, please refer to note 7.4.

Insurance contracts
Insurance and investment contracts
Insurance contracts and investment contracts with discretionary
participation features are accounted for under the insurance
accounting provisions of IFRS 17. Investment contracts without
discretionary participation features are accounted for as financial
instruments in accordance with IFRS 9, please see section “Investment
contracts liabilities”.
Insurance contracts are classified as direct participating contracts or
contracts without direct participation features. The classification of
insurance contracts forms the basis for the measurement model
applied (see section “Measurement”). Direct participating contracts
are contracts for which, at inception:
−
−

−

the contractual terms specify that the policyholder participates in
a share of a clearly identified pool of underlying items;
the Allianz Group expects to pay the policyholder an amount
equal to a substantial share of the fair value returns on the
underlying items; and
the Allianz Group expects a substantial proportion of any change
in the amounts to be paid to the policyholder to vary with the
change in fair value of the underlying items.

As IFRS 17 does not provide any threshold for determining whether a
share or proportion is substantial, this assessment requires judgment.
Allianz has set up a group-wide process for assessing insurance
contracts based on qualitative and quantitative criteria in order to
appropriately reflect the individual contract specifics. For this

158

assessment, the terms “substantial share“ and “substantial proportion”
have been applied by using 50 % as rebuttable presumption.

participation, which the Allianz Group defines as non-distinct
investment components, if all respective criteria are met.

Separation of components

Level of aggregation

IFRS 17 requires the separation of embedded derivatives, investment
components, and performance obligations to provide non-insurance
goods and services at inception of a contract, if certain conditions are
met. The separated components need to be accounted for separately
according to IFRS 9 (embedded derivatives, investment components)
or IFRS 15 (non-insurance goods and services). The Allianz Group has
not identified material performance obligations embedded in
insurance contracts to provide non-insurance goods and services.
The Allianz Group applies IFRS 9 to determine whether there is an
embedded derivative to be separated and, if so, how to account for
that derivative, unless the derivative is itself a contract within the scope
of IFRS 17. The majority of embedded derivatives identified in
insurance contracts issued by the Allianz Group have been considered
closely related or to include significant insurance risk, because there
are usually strong interdependencies with other components of the
contract such as contractual options, policyholder behavior,
contractual surplus sharing, and mortality.
IFRS 17 defines investment components as the amounts that an
insurance contract requires the entity to repay to a policyholder in all
circumstances, regardless of whether an insured event occurs. The
Allianz Group identifies the investment component of a contract by
determining the amount that it would be required to repay to the
policyholder in all scenarios with commercial substance. These include
circumstances in which an insured event occurs or the contract matures
or is terminated without an insured event occurring.
An investment component is classified as being distinct or nondistinct. The Allianz Group has not identified material distinct
investment components.
Investment components that are non-distinct are not to be
separated from the host insurance contract but are excluded from
insurance revenue and insurance service expenses. For most common
life insurance products, the Allianz Group defines the cash surrender
value as the non-distinct investment component. Generally, propertycasualty contracts do not have a surrender or maturity value and only
have a benefit payment when a claim occurs. Therefore, a standard
property-casualty contract without additional guaranteed payment
features does not include any investment component. However, it is
common with property-casualty contracts to have other explicit
guaranteed payments, for example a low or no claim bonus or profit

Measurement is not carried out at the level of individual contracts, but
based on groups of contracts. To allocate individual insurance
contracts to groups of contracts, the Allianz Group first defines
portfolios which include contracts with similar risks that are managed
together. These portfolios are subdivided into groups of contracts on
the basis of profitability and annual cohorts. Both portfolios and
groups of insurance contracts are always determined by the individual
operating entities, considering their respective circumstances. The
requirement to form annual cohorts that prevents contracts issued
more than one year apart from being included in the same group
(IFRS 17.22) is subject to an optional exemption in the E.U.
endorsement of IFRS 17. The E.U. Commission grants E.U. users the
right to choose whether or not to apply the requirement in IFRS 17.22
for certain contracts. The Allianz Group does not make use of this
exemption.
Contracts in different currencies can fulfill the standard
requirements of similar risks that are managed together. At the
Allianz Group, there is one calculation currency per group of contract
(GoC). In case of a GoC with contracts with different transaction
currencies, a leading currency (GoC currency) is determined.

Measurement
IFRS 17 includes three measurement models. Insurance contracts
−
−

−

with direct participation features are measured in line with the
Variable Fee Approach (VFA);
without direct participation features are measured under the
General Measurement Model (GMM, also referred to as Building
Block approach) applied; or
without direct participation features can be measured under the
PAA, if selected instead of GMM and eligibility criteria are fulfilled.

The Allianz Group generally applies the same accounting policies to
reinsurance contracts held as to insurance contracts issued.
The Allianz Group applies the same accounting policies to the
measurement of a group of reinsurance contracts held as to insurance
contracts issued without direct participation features, with following
adjustments:

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

The estimates of the present value of future cash flows are
measured using assumptions that are consistent with those used to
measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the
underlying insurance contracts, with an adjustment for any risk of nonperformance by the reinsurer. The effect of the non-performance risk
of the reinsurer is assessed at each reporting date and the effect of
changes in the non-performance risk is recognized in profit or loss.

Liability for remaining coverage under the GMM/VFA
The liability for remaining coverage (LRC) under the GMM consists of
the fulfillment cash flows related to future services and the contractual
service margin (CSM). The fulfillment cash flows represent the riskadjusted present value of Allianz’s rights and obligations to the
policyholders, comprising the building blocks of estimates of expected
future cash flows, discounting, and an explicit risk adjustment for nonfinancial risk. The CSM represents the unearned profit from in-force
contracts that an entity will recognize as it provides services over the
coverage period. Each building block is measured separately, both on
initial recognition and for subsequent measurement.

reasonable and supportable information that is available without
undue cost or effort at the reporting date. Cash flows within the
boundary of a contract relate directly to the fulfillment of the contract,
including those for which the Allianz Group has discretion over the
amount or timing. These include premiums from policyholders,
payments to (or on behalf of) policyholders, insurance acquisition cash
flows, and other costs incurred in fulfilling the contracts.
Insurance acquisition cash flows arise from the activities of selling,
underwriting and starting a group of contracts that are directly
attributable to the portfolio of contracts to which the group belongs.
Depending on the type of services provided, other costs that are
incurred in fulfilling the contracts include:
−
−
−
−

The estimates of future cash flows comprise all cash flows expected to
arise as the insurance contract is fulfilled. In estimating these future
cash flows, the Allianz Group incorporates, in an unbiased way, all

159

claims handling, maintenance and administration costs;
recurring commissions payable on instalment premiums
receivable within the contract boundary;
costs that the Allianz Group will incur in providing investment
services;
costs that the Allianz Group will incur in performing investment
activities to the extent that the Allianz Group performs them to
enhance benefits from insurance coverage for policyholders by
generating an investment return from which policyholders will
benefit if an insured event occurs; and

−

income tax and other costs specifically chargeable to the
policyholders under the terms of the contracts.

According to IFRS 17, all future cash flows must be discounted. The
IFRS 17 requirements for the interest curves used in the discounting are
principle-based. An entity should use observable market data based
on a risk-free base curve and portfolio-specific adjustments to reflect
the illiquidity of insurance obligations in determining the interest
curves. The Allianz Group applies a bottom-up approach in which the
basic risk-free liquid yield curves are usually derived from swap rates
or government yields for the specific currency and adjusted for
remaining credit risk. These risk-free liquid yield curves are then
adjusted to reflect illiquidity of the underlying insurance liabilities
based on reference portfolios. In case of participating business, the
reference portfolio reflects own assets and it is a currency-specific
portfolio for non-participating business.
The table below sets out the continuously compounded rates
used to discount the cash flows of insurance contracts for major
currencies:

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Discount rates
in %

As of 31 December 2023

As of 31 December 2022

As of 1 January 2022

1 year

5 years

10 years

20 years

30 years

1 year

5 years

10 years

20 years

30 years

1 year

5 years

10 years

20 years

30 years

EUR

3.40

2.39

2.46

2.47

2.54

3.20

3.16

3.12

2.80

2.74

(0.49)

0.02

0.31

0.56

1.12

USD

4.65

3.44

3.39

3.41

3.35

4.96

3.88

3.69

3.57

3.30

0.49

1.32

1.53

1.70

1.82

EUR

3.60

2.60

2.67

2.68

2.71

3.41

3.36

3.33

3.01

2.91

(0.49)

0.02

0.31

0.56

1.12

USD

5.34

4.13

4.08

4.10

3.95

5.73

4.66

4.47

4.35

4.05

0.79

1.61

1.83

2.00

2.10

EUR

3.55 - 4.03

2.54 - 3.03

2.61 - 3.10

2.63 - 3.11

2.67 - 3.07

3.35 - 3.84

3.31 - 3.80

3.27 - 3.76

2.95 - 3.45

2.87 - 3.27

(0.32) - 0.19

0.19 - 0.70

0.48 - 0.99

0.73 - 1.24

1.25 - 1.67

USD1

5.84 - 6.20

4.64 - 5.00

4.60 - 4.96

4.61 - 4.97

4.39 - 4.70

5.54 - 6.06

4.47 - 4.99

4.28 - 4.80

4.16 - 4.69

3.87 - 4.37

0.99 - 1.07

1.81 - 1.89

2.03 - 2.11

2.19 - 2.28

2.29 - 2.36

Unit-linked contracts

Immediate fixed annuity and property-casualty liability
for incurred claims

Traditional participating and other insurance contracts

1_In 2023, the basis for the disclosed USD rates changed to reflect the most relevant insurance portfolios. The impact of this change on the disclosed range is +67 bps on the lower bound and +45 bps on the upper bound.

The risk adjustment reflects the compensation an entity would require
for bearing non-financial risks, i.e., the uncertainty of cash flows that
arise from insurance contracts, other than the uncertainty arising from
financial risks. Such non-financial risks include insurance risks, lapse
and expense risk. IFRS 17 does not prescribe a specific approach for
determining the risk adjustment. Allianz applies a Cost of Capital
approach with a Cost of Capital rate of currently 6 % as under
Solvency II. The main differences in disclosure are that IFRS 17 requires
a separate presentation of the risk adjustment for non-financial risk for
gross and ceded business, and a split for LRC and LIC. The main
valuation differences are the reflection of diversification across Group
subsidiaries in the risk adjustment of individual entities which is not
allowed in the Solvency II risk margin, the exclusion of operational risk
in the risk adjustment, differences in discounting, and the smoothing of
risk inputs to address cross effects with financial risks not in scope of
the risk adjustment.
The risk adjustment for LRC for life/health corresponds to a
confidence level of 72 % to 77 % and is calculated based on distribution
assumptions consistent to Solvency II (where applicable). For
life/health, an ultimate distribution is estimated based on the
Solvency II one-year-view used in the Cost of Capital methodology for
calculation of the risk adjustment for the LRC, projected to ultimate
horizon per entity and aggregated to diversified group level. The
confidence level is derived as the quantile of the Group net of
reinsurance risk adjustment in the ultimate distribution of the Group.

160

At initial recognition, the CSM is measured to result in no income or
expenses arising from the fulfillment cash flows, any cash flows arising
from the contracts in the group at that date, and the derecognition at
the date of initial recognition of any asset for insurance acquisition
cash flows and any other asset. If the fulfillment cash flows lead to a
negative CSM at inception, it will be set to zero and the negative
amount will be recorded immediately in the statement of profit or loss.
At subsequent measurement, the CSM gets adjusted for changes in
cash flows related to future services and for the interest accretion at
interest rates locked-in at initial recognition of the group of contracts.
A release from the CSM is recognized in profit or loss each period to
reflect the services provided in that period based on “coverage units”.
IFRS 17 only provides principle-based guidance on how to determine
these coverage units. Generally, the Allianz Group has defined the
account value for the reflection of investment services and the sum at
risk for insurance services as the default approach to determine these
coverage units. If multiple services are provided in one contract, a
weighting is applied, which is determined by the respective
operational entity based on the respective features of the contract.
The VFA is a mandatory modification of the GMM regarding the
treatment of the CSM to accommodate direct participating contracts.
The assessment of whether an insurance contract meets the VFA
eligibility criteria is made at the contract’s inception and not revised
later, except in case of a substantial modification of the contract. For
contracts with direct participation features, the CSM is adjusted for
changes in the amount of the entity’s share of the fair value of the

underlying items. No explicit interest accretion is required since the
CSM is effectively remeasured when it is adjusted for changes in
financial risks.
An additional CSM release is considered to avoid a delayed profit
recognition by systematic real-world returns of direct participating
business measured with the VFA. This adjustment reflects the expected
real-world returns in relation to the risk-neutral returns applied in
IFRS 17 measurement for a more appropriate allocation of the
services provided in the current period, i.e., the relating income in the
P&L is based on real-world assumptions. The adjustment is applied by
the life/health entities in Germany, France, Italy, and Switzerland.
Expected real-world returns are updated once a year based on a
fundamental analysis of long-term expectations.
If certain criteria are met, an entity may apply the so-called risk
mitigation option when it uses a derivative, a non-derivative financial
instrument measured at fair value through profit or loss, or a
reinsurance contract held to mitigate financial risk. The entity may then
choose to exclude from the CSM some or all of the changes in the
effect of the time value of money and financial risk on the amount of
the entity’s share of the underlying items, if the entity mitigates the
effect of financial risk on that amount using derivatives or reinsurance
contracts held; and changes in the effect of the time value of money
and financial risks not arising from the underlying items, if the entity
mitigates the effect of financial risk on those fulfillment cash flows
using derivatives, non-derivative financial instruments measured at
fair value through profit or loss, or reinsurance contracts held. The

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Allianz Group applies the risk mitigation option only for a limited
number of portfolios in the Life/Health segment.

coverage DAC, a four-step approach applies to ensure standard
compliant measurement:

LRC under the PAA

1. Identify and allocate insurance acquisition cash flows that relate
to expected contract renewals and recognize those insurance
acquisition cash flows as an asset (pre-coverage DAC).
2. As soon as the expected contract renewals turn into insurance
contracts, the pre-coverage DAC has to be transferred into incoverage DAC and included in the contractual cash flows.
3. Regular assumption review of pre-coverage DAC per reporting
period.
4. Perform an assessment regarding the recoverability of the precoverage DAC, if facts and circumstances indicate potential
impairment.

The Allianz Group uses the PAA for measuring contracts with a
coverage period of one year or less and for groups of contracts where
it is reasonably expected that the measurement of the LRC does not
differ materially from the one that would be produced by applying the
GMM or the VFA. The PAA eligibility per group of contract is regularly
assessed. This assessment takes into account qualitative and
quantitative factors which are determined at the Group level. The
qualitative factors include but are not limited to the volatility of
financial variables, related embedded derivatives, and the average
length of the coverage period. For the quantitative test, the
Allianz Group provides detailed scenarios including interest rate
shocks per selected currency. Overall, the PAA is applied for the vast
majority of the Allianz Group’s property-casualty business (gross and
ceded).
If facts and circumstances (e.g., an expected combined ratio
above 100 %) indicate that a group of insurance contracts measured
under the PAA is onerous on initial recognition or subsequently
becomes onerous, the Allianz Group increases the carrying amount of
the LRC to the amounts of the fulfillment cash flows determined under
the GMM with the amount of such an increase recognized in insurance
service expenses and a loss component is established for the amount
of the loss recognized. Subsequently, the loss component is
remeasured at each reporting date as the difference between the
amounts of the fulfillment cash flows determined under the GMM
relating to the future service and the carrying amount of the LRC
without the loss component.

Liability for incurred claims (LIC)
The LIC is measured at the fulfillment cash flows relating to incurred
claims. It comprises the fulfillment cash flows related to past service at
the reporting date. It is calculated at a level of aggregation, which is
determined at the local level based on relevant factors, e.g., line of
business, region, or distribution channel. The LIC consists of the present
value of future cash flows relating to incurred claims and the risk
adjustment for non-financial risk, applying the same principles for the
estimates of future cash flows, the discount rate and the risk
adjustment for non-financial risk that apply to the LRC.
For the insurance contracts measured under the PAA, the
Allianz Group decided to discount the future cash flows relating to
incurred claims, even if those cash flows are expected to be paid or
received in one year or less from the date the claims are incurred.

Risk adjustment for non-financial risk under PAA
Insurance acquisition cash flow asset
At the Allianz Group, insurance acquisition cash flows are not
expensed as incurred, but deferred over the coverage period for all
measurement models. IFRS 17 foresees two levels of deferral (precoverage DAC and in-coverage DAC, DAC = deferred acquisition
costs). Firstly, when insurance acquisition cash flows are incurred
before the group of contracts is recognized (pre-coverage), and
secondly, when the contracts are recognized following IFRS 17.38 (c)
and IFRS 17.B125, where the insurance acquisition cash flows are
implicitly deferred over the coverage period of the contracts to which
the insurance acquisition cash flows relate. Regarding the pre-

161

The risk adjustment for LIC for property-casualty corresponds to a
confidence level in the range of 65 % to 70 % and is calculated based
on distribution assumptions consistent to Solvency II (please refer also
to risk adjustment for non-financial risk at Liability for remaining
coverage under the GMM/VFA).
For property-casualty, this is based on the ultimate distribution
underlying the Solvency II one-year-view used in the Cost of Capital
methodology for the calculation of the risk adjustment for the LIC,
aggregated and diversified at Group level. The confidence level is
derived as the quantile of the Group net of reinsurance risk adjustment
in the ultimate distribution of the Group.

Reserving process
In the following, the term reserves is meant to include the present value
of future cash flows, the risk adjustment and the CSM.
For the business segments Life/Health and Property-Casualty, the
central oversight process around reserve estimates includes the setting
of group-wide standards and guidelines, regular site visits, as well as
regular quantitative and qualitative reserve monitoring.
The oversight and monitoring of the Allianz Group’s reserves
culminate in quarterly meetings of the Allianz Group Reserve
Committee, which is the supervising body that governs all significant
reserves. It particularly monitors key developments across the
Allianz Group affecting the level of the best estimate reserves.
Life/Health reserves are subject to estimates and assumptions,
especially on the life expectancy and health of an insured individual
(mortality, longevity, and morbidity risk), on portfolio persistency
(surrender and premium increase), and on the development of interest
rates and investment returns (including asset-liability mismatch risk).
These assumptions also have an impact on the presentation of costs
arising from the origination of insurance business (acquisition cash
flows). To ensure consistency in the application of actuarial methods
and assumptions in the Life/Health reserving process, the
Allianz Group has designed a two-stage reserving process:
Stage one: Life/Health reserves are calculated by qualified local
staff experienced in the subsidiaries’ business. The process follows
group-wide standards for applying consistent and reasonable
assumptions. The appropriateness of the best-estimate reserves and
their compliance with group-wide standards is confirmed by the local
chief actuary and local reserve committee.
Stage two: The Allianz Group actuarial function regularly
evaluates the local reserving processes as well as reserving results,
including the appropriateness and consistency of the assumptions,
monitors and approves the validation of the actuarial models, and
analyzes the movements of the reserves. Any adjustments to the
reserves and other insurance-related reporting items are reported to
and analyzed together with the Allianz Group Reserve Committee.
Property-Casualty reserves are set by leveraging the use of
actuarial techniques and educated judgment. These include the best
estimate of the cash flows (e.g., claims, premiums, and expenses) and
the discounting of the claims. A two-stage process exists for the setting
of the P&C reserves in the Allianz Group:

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Stage one: Property-Casualty reserves are calculated by local
reserving actuaries at the Allianz subsidiaries. The reserves are set at a
best-estimate level based on a thorough analysis of historical data,
enhanced by interactions with other business functions (e.g.,
Underwriting, Claims and Reinsurance). Actuarial judgment is applied
where necessary, especially in cases where data is unreliable, scanty,
or unavailable. The judgment of Property-Casualty actuaries is based
on past experience of the characteristics of each line of business, the
current stage of the underwriting cycle, and the external environment
in which the subsidiary operates. The reserves are proposed to a local
reserve committee, where the rationale of the selections is discussed
and subsequently documented. The appropriateness of the bestestimate reserves and their compliance with group-wide standards is
confirmed by the local chief actuary and local reserve committee.
Stage two: The Allianz Group Actuarial function forms an opinion
on the best-estimate level of the reserves proposed by the local
entities. The Allianz Group Actuarial function challenges the operating
entities’ selection through their continuous interaction with local teams
and quarterly attendance in the local reserve committees. The ability
to form a view on the reserve best-estimate level is further enabled by
regular reviews of the local reserving practices. Such reviews consist of
an evaluation of the reserving process as well as of the
appropriateness of models, methods, and assumptions, and an
analysis of the movements of the reserves. Significant findings from
these reviews are communicated in the Allianz Group Reserve
Committee to initiate actions where necessary. The Allianz Group
Actuarial function monitors and assesses the documentation of the
validation work performed by the Allianz subsidiaries.

Distinction between financial and non-financial risk
In general, the Allianz Group recognizes inflation as a financial risk for
claims benefits and other insurance expenses (e.g., claims handling)
only when inflation is contractually linked to an index. There are
insurance products where the amounts to be paid are legally or
contractually linked to an inflation-index such as a consumer price
index.

162

Investments measured at amortized cost

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise balances with banks payable on
demand, balances with central banks, cash on hand, and treasury bills
to the extent they are not included in investments measured at fair
value through profit or loss. Furthermore, this balance sheet item
contains checks and bills of exchange that are eligible for refinancing
at central banks, subject to a maximum term of three months from the
date of acquisition as well as reverse purchase agreements that are
due within three months.

Investments
Investments measured at fair value through profit or loss
Investments measured at fair value through profit or loss comprise
debt instruments that are classified as measured at fair value through
profit or loss based on the underlying business model or cash flow
characteristics as well as financial assets that are irrevocably
designated to be measured at fair value through profit or loss at
inception. Equity instruments are included in this line item if Allianz
deviates from its general approach to designate them as measured at
fair value through other comprehensive income or if they do not fulfill
the prerequisites for such a designation.

Investments measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income
These investments include debt financial assets that are held within a
“hold and sell” business model and whose contractual cash flows are
solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
outstanding (SPPI).
In addition, investments in equity instruments that are designated
to be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are
presented in this line item. As prescribed by IFRS 9, amounts presented
in other comprehensive income are not subsequently transferred to
profit or loss. Instead, the Allianz Group accounting policies foresee
that the cumulative amounts are transferred directly within equity
upon derecognition of an investment in an equity instrument that is
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.

Investments measured at amortized cost relate to debt financial assets
that are held within a business model whose objective is to hold
financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows (“hold to
collect” business model) and whose contractual cash flows are solely
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
outstanding (SPPI).

Investments in associates and joint ventures
For details on the accounting for investments in associates and joint
ventures, please see the section “Principles of consolidation”.

Real estate held for investment
Real estate held for investment is initially measured at cost, including
directly attributable transaction costs.
For the subsequent measurement, the Allianz Group applies the
fair value model in accordance with IAS 40.33 if the property is held as
an underlying item for insurance contracts with direct participation
features and investment contracts with discretionary participation
features.
In all other cases, the Allianz Group applies the cost model
pursuant to IAS 40.56 and carries real estate held for investment at
cost less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated
impairment losses.
Depreciation is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
property’s useful life, with a maximum of 50 years. Furthermore, real
estate held for investment is regularly tested for impairment.

Fixed assets from alternative investments
Except for biological assets, these assets are carried at cost less
accumulated depreciation and impairments in accordance with
IAS 16.
They are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their useful life,
with a maximum of 35 years, and regularly tested for impairment.
Biological assets are measured at fair value less costs to sell, with
changes therein recognized in profit or loss.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Financial assets for unit-linked contracts
Financial assets for unit-linked contracts are neither held within a “hold
to collect” nor within a “hold and sell” business model. Consequently,
they are classified as measured at fair value through profit or loss.

(Re-)Insurance contract assets
The balance sheet position differentiation by IFRS 17 into insurance
and reinsurance contracts relates to contracts issued (“insurance
contracts”) or held (“reinsurance contracts”). For details regarding main
accounting policies and significant estimates please see separate
section Insurance contracts.

Other assets
Other assets primarily consist of leased or owned real estate held for
own use, software and equipment, receivables, non-current assets and
assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale, and assets for
deferred compensation programs.
The Allianz Group has elected the fair value model in accordance
with IAS 40 as its accounting policy to measure properties held for own
use that are underlying items of (a group of) insurance contracts with
direct participation features. For the purpose of this election, insurance
contracts include investment contracts with discretionary participation
features.
All other items of property, plant and equipment are subsequently
measured based on the cost model pursuant to IAS 16.30. When
applying the cost model, depreciation is generally computed using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Software is generally amortized straight-line over its expected useful
life. The right-of-use assets related to leased property and equipment
are generally depreciated over the lease term.
The table below summarizes estimated useful lives for real estate
held for own use, software, and equipment.

Financial liabilities

Estimated useful lives (in years)
Years
Real estate held for own use

max. 50

Software

3 - 13

Equipment

2 - 10

Intangible assets and goodwill
Intangible assets with finite useful lives are measured at cost less
accumulated amortization and impairments.
The table below summarizes estimated useful lives and the
amortization methods for each material class of intangible assets with
finite useful lives.
Estimated useful lives (in years) and amortization methods

Long-term distribution agreements
Customer relationships

Useful lives

Amortization method

10 - 20

straight-line considering
contractual terms

4 - 40

straight-line or in relation
to customer churn rates

Goodwill arising from business combinations is recognized in the
amount of the consideration transferred plus the amount of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree held by the direct parent in excess
of the fair values assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. Goodwill is generally carried in the acquiree’s
functional currency. An evaluation of whether the goodwill is deemed
recoverable takes place at least once a year.
Further explanations on the impairment test for goodwill and its
significant assumptions as well as respective sensitivity analyses are
given in note 8.9.

Financial liabilities for puttable financial instruments
The Allianz Group records financial liabilities where non-controlling
shareholders have the right to put their ownership interests back to the
Allianz Group (puttable instruments). If these non-controlling
shareholders still have present access to the risks and rewards
associated with the underlying ownership interests, the non-controlling
interests remain recognized, and profit or loss is allocated between
controlling and non-controlling interests. The financial liabilities for
puttable instruments are generally required to be recorded at the
redemption amount. The Allianz Group recognizes valuation changes
in equity where the non-controlling shareholders have present access
to risks and rewards of ownership. In all other cases, valuation changes
are recognized in the income statement. As an exception, for puttable
instruments that are classified as equity instruments in the separate or
individual financial statements of the issuer in accordance with
IAS 32.16A-16B and are to be presented as liabilities in the
consolidated financial statements of the Allianz Group instead of noncontrolling interests, valuation changes of these liabilities are always
recognized in the income statement. This is the case for puttable
instruments issued by mutual funds controlled but not wholly owned
by the Allianz Group.

Certificated liabilities and subordinated liabilities
Certificated liabilities and subordinated liabilities are subsequently
measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest method to
amortize the premium or discount to the redemption value over the life
of the liability.

(Re-)Insurance contract liabilities
The balance sheet position differentiation by IFRS 17 into insurance
and reinsurance contracts relates to contracts issued (“insurance
contracts”) or held (“reinsurance contracts”) . For details regarding
main accounting policies and significant estimates please see
separate section Insurance contracts.

Investment contract liabilities
Investment contract liabilities include financial liabilities of investment
contracts without discretionary participation features accounted for
under IFRS 9. The financial liabilities for those contracts are initially
recognized at fair value, or the amount of the deposit by the contract
holder, net of the transaction costs, that are directly attributable to the

163

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

issuance of the contract. Subsequently, the non-unit-linked investment
contracts are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest
method, while the unit-linked contracts are recorded at fair value with
changes in fair value recognized in the income statement.

Other liabilities
Pensions and similar obligations
Pensions and similar obligations are measured at present value and
presented net of plan assets by applying the provisions of IAS 19. For a
reliable estimate of the obligations owed to employees, the
Allianz Group makes separate estimates (actuarial assumptions)
about demographic variables (such as employee turnover and
mortality) and financial variables (such as discount rates, inflation
rates, compensation increases, pension increases, and rates of medical
cost trends) for each material pension plan, considering the
circumstances in the individual countries.
Further explanations and sensitivity calculations are given in
note 8.16.

Share-based compensation plans
The share-based compensation plans of the Allianz Group are
classified as either equity-settled or cash-settled plans. Where equitysettled plans involve equity instruments of Allianz SE, a corresponding
increase in shareholders’ equity is recognized. Where equity-settled
plans involve equity instruments of subsidiaries of the Allianz Group,
the corresponding increase is recognized in non-controlling interests.
Where expected tax deductions differ, in terms of amount and timing,
from the cumulative share-based payment expense recognized in
profit or loss, deferred taxes are recognized on temporary differences.

Lease liabilities
The Allianz Group has elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and
lease liabilities for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets.
Furthermore, the Allianz Group does not recognize right-of-use assets
and lease liabilities for car leases. The expenses relating to the shortterm leases and leases of low-value assets including car leases are
expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
For further information on these expenses, please refer to
note 8.15.

164

Equity
Issued capital represents the mathematical per-share value received
at the issuance of shares.
Additional paid-in capital represents the premium exceeding the
issued capital received at the issuance of shares.
Undated subordinated bonds comprise Restricted Tier 1 notes
that qualify as equity instruments pursuant to IAS 32. The instruments
are presented within shareholders’ equity and any related interest
charges are classified as distributions from shareholders’ equity,
without affecting profit or loss. The notes are measured at their
historical value. In addition, notes denominated in foreign currencies
are translated to euro at the quarterly closing exchange rate. The
corresponding foreign exchange differences are recognized as foreign
currency translation adjustments in equity.
Non-controlling interests represent equity in subsidiaries, not
attributable directly or indirectly, to Allianz SE as parent.
Retained earnings comprise the net income of the current year
and of prior years not yet distributed, treasury shares, amounts
recognized in other comprehensive income, and any amounts directly
recognized in equity according to IFRS.
Please refer to the section “Foreign currency translation” above for
an explanation of foreign currency changes that are recognized in
equity. The effective portion of gains and losses of hedging instruments
designated as hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation is
recognized in foreign currency translation adjustments.
Other unrealized gains and losses (net) include unrealized gains
and losses from investments measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income and from derivative financial instruments that
either meet the criteria for cash flow hedge accounting or, in the case
of a fair value hedging relationship, hedge equity financial instruments
that are designated to be measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income.
The unrealized gains and losses from insurance contacts (net) are
the cumulative amounts between the total insurance finance income
or expenses and the amount included in profit or loss.

Insurance revenue
Insurance revenue under the GMM/VFA
The Allianz Group recognizes insurance revenue as it provides services
under groups of insurance contracts. For contracts measured under the
GMM or VFA, the insurance revenue relating to services provided for
each reporting period represents the total of the changes in the LRC

that relate to services for which the Allianz Group expects to receive
consideration, and comprises the following items:
−
−
−

−

A release of the CSM, measured based on coverage units
provided.
Changes in the risk adjustment for non-financial risk relating to
current services.
Claims and other insurance service expenses incurred in the year,
generally measured at the amounts expected at the beginning of
the year, excluding amounts allocated to a potential loss
component, repayments of investment components, insurance
acquisition expenses, and amounts that relate to transactionbased taxes collected on behalf of third parties.
Other amounts, including experience adjustments for premium
receipts for current or past services.

Insurance revenue under the PAA
In applying the PAA, insurance revenue for the period is the amount of
expected premium receipts (excluding any investment component
and adjusted to reflect the time value of money and the effect of
financial risk, if applicable) allocated to the period. As such, for
contracts measured under the PAA at the Allianz Group, the expected
premium receipts are allocated to insurance revenue based on the
passage of time, unless the expected pattern of incurring the insurance
service expenses differs significantly from the passage of time, in which
case the latter should be used.

Insurance service expenses
These expenses consist of claims and other insurance service expenses
incurred during the period as well as the amortization of insurance
acquisition cash flows, but exclude repayments of investment
components. Furthermore, they include the changes in the fulfillment
cash flows relating to the LIC, the losses on onerous groups of contracts
and reversals of such losses and the impairment loss on the assets for
the pre-coverage acquisition cash flows and the reversals of such
losses. For the insurance contracts with direct participation features, it
also includes an adjustment for experience adjustments of the nonfinancial underlying items.
Insurance service expenses include only costs that relate directly
to the fulfillment of the insurance contracts. The Allianz Group
furthermore distinguishes between direct costs and overhead costs.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Reinsurance result
The Allianz Group applies the accounting policy option outlined in
IFRS 17.86 to present income and expenses from a group of
reinsurance contracts held, other than insurance finance income and
expenses, as a single amount.

Interest result
Interest result is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective
interest method. This line item also includes dividends from equity
securities, income from investments in associates and joint ventures
measured using the equity method, as well as lease income. Dividends
are recognized in income when the right to receive the dividend is
established.
Lease income from operating leases (excluding receipts for
services provided such as insurance and maintenance, which are
recognized as income under fee and commission income) is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, even if the
receipts are not on such a basis, for example upfront payments.

Valuation result
Valuation result contains all investment income and expenses as well
as realized and unrealized gains and losses from financial assets and
liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss, except for
income and expenses that are recognized in interest result.
In addition, commissions attributable to trading operations and
related interest expenses, as well as refinancing and transaction costs
are included in this line item. Foreign currency gains and losses on
monetary items are also reported within valuation result.
For further details on the composition of this line item, please refer
to note 7.1.

Net insurance finance expenses
Net insurance finance expenses consist of finance income or expenses
from insurance contracts issued and the finance income or expenses
from reinsurance contracts held including the effect of time value of
money and the effect of financial risk. It includes the interest accretion
of the fulfillment cash flows and the CSM as well as the changes in the
fulfillment cash flows due to changes in financial assumptions. For
groups of insurance contracts with direct participation features,
changes in the value of underlying items excluding additions and
withdrawals are included in net insurance finance expenses.
Generally, the Allianz Group chooses to disaggregate the
insurance finance income or expenses other than those arising from

165

the risk mitigation option between profit or loss and other
comprehensive income (OCI) based on a systematic allocation.
Furthermore, the Allianz Group chooses to disaggregate the change in
risk adjustment for non-financial risk between a change related to
non-financial risk and the effect of the time value of money and
changes in the time value of money, which are included in net
insurance finance expenses.
For groups of insurance contracts accounted for under the GMM,
the systematic allocation for the finance income or expenses is
determined using the discount rates by which estimated future cash
flows have been discounted on initial recognition, i.e., the “locked-in”
interest rate. For Life/Health entities, the Allianz Group applies a cash
flow-weighted average of interest curves through the quarters. It
means averaging each quarterly interest curve for each maturity over
the cash flows with maturity over the quarters. For the indirect
participating insurance contracts accounted for under the GMM, for
which changes in assumptions that relate to financial risk have a
substantial effect on the amounts paid to the policyholder, the
systematic allocation for the finance income or expenses arising from
the future cash flows is determined by using the effective yield
approach or expected crediting rate approach for contracts that use a
crediting rate to determine amounts due to the policyholders. An
expected crediting rate approach uses an allocation that is based on
the amounts credited in the period and expected to be credited in
future periods based on the crediting strategy of the operating entities
and under the contractual features. For the finance income or
expenses arising from the CSM, a systematic allocation is determined
using the “locked-in rate”.
For groups of insurance contracts with direct participation
features accounted for under the VFA, the Allianz Group generally
holds the underlying items. The insurance finance income or expense
included in profit or loss is the amount that exactly matches the income
or expenses included in profit or loss for the underlying items (i.e., the
current period book yield of the underlying items), resulting in the net
of the separately presented items being nil.
For groups of insurance contracts accounted for under the PAA,
the systematic allocation for the finance income or expenses is
determined using the discount rates at the date of the incurred claim,
i.e., the “locked-in” interest rate based on accident year. For PropertyCasualty entities, the Allianz approach is the simple average of interest
curves through the quarters weighted by ¼ each.

Net result from investment contracts
The net result from investment contracts consists of changes to the
investment contracts liabilities, benefits paid to the policyholders,
acquisition costs, settlement costs and administrative expenses from
unit-linked investment contracts and non-unit-linked investment
contracts without discretionary participation features as well as
investment income and expenses from unit-linked investment
contracts.

Fee and commission income
Fee and commission income primarily consists of asset management
fees which are recognized when the service is provided. For those fees,
the service is considered to be provided periodically. Performance fees
from funds are not usually recognized as income until the end of the
funds’ term. Before its completion, the payment claim depends on the
occurrence of certain events, such as the future development of the
fund, which is regularly not reliably estimable. Carried interest is
generally recognized as revenue on the date of the formal declaration
of distribution by the investee and only earlier if sufficient evidence
exists to support that it is highly probable that a significant reversal of
carried interest revenue will not occur. The transaction price for asset
management services is determined by the fees contractually agreed.

Income taxes
Current income taxes are calculated based on the respective local
taxable income and local tax rules for the period. In addition, current
income taxes presented for the period include adjustments for
uncertain tax payments or tax refunds for periods not yet finally
assessed, excluding interest expenses and penalties on the
underpayment of taxes. In the event that amounts included in the tax
return are considered unlikely to be accepted by the tax authorities
(uncertain tax positions), a provision for income taxes is recognized.
The amount is based on the best possible assessment of the tax
payment expected. Tax refund claims from uncertain tax positions are
recognized when it is probable that they can be realized.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated for temporary
differences between the tax bases and the financial statement
carrying amounts, including differences from consolidation, unused
tax loss carry-forwards, and unused tax credits. The measurement of
deferred tax assets has to take into account estimates on the
availability of future taxable profits. This includes the character and
amounts of taxable future profits, the periods in which those profits are
expected to occur, and the availability of tax planning opportunities.
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

The Allianz Group recognizes a valuation allowance for deferred tax
assets when it is unlikely that a corresponding amount of future
taxable profit will be available against which the deductible
temporary differences, tax loss carryforwards, and tax credits can be
utilized.
Further explanations are given in note 8.4.

First application of IFRS 9 and 17
General information
The Allianz Group has initially applied IFRS 17 and IFRS 9, including
any consequential amendments to other standards, from
1 January 2023. These standards have brought significant changes to
the accounting for insurance contracts and financial instruments.
IFRS 17 supersedes IFRS 4 and establishes principles for the
recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance
contracts issued, reinsurance contracts held, and investment contracts
with discretionary participation features. Detailed qualitative and
quantitative descriptions of the effects from the initial application of
IFRS 17 on the Allianz Group’s financial statements have been included in
note 2 of the Annual Report 2022. IFRS 17 has to be applied
retrospectively unless this is impracticable. Fulfillment cash flows are
determined prospectively at every reporting date, including the date of
initial application. However, the contractual service margin is rolled
forward over time, a split of profits between equity (“earned profits”) and

166

contractual service margin (“unearned profits”) is required but is often
judgmental. If a full retrospective application is impracticable, an entity
can choose between a modified retrospective approach or a fair value
approach. This accounting policy choice for the transition approach was
made on a group of contract level. The decision involved the
consideration of multiple criteria, such as availability of reliable and
objective information, operational complexity, or the reasonableness of
the split between earned and unearned profits. For contracts measured
under the variable fee approach, the Allianz Group has generally applied
the modified retrospective approach using the fair value of the underlying
items as the basis from which to determine the contractual service margin
at transition. The most significant portion of insurance contracts measured
under the fair value approach is the life business in the U.S.
The Allianz Group applied modifications under the modified
retrospective approach only to the extent that it did not have reasonable
and supportable information available to apply IFRS 17 retrospectively.
Under the fair value approach, the contractual service margin of a
group of contracts at transition is determined as the difference between
the fair value of this group at transition determined in accordance with
IFRS 13 and the corresponding IFRS 17 fulfillment cash flows measured
at transition. Conceptually, the contractual service margin usually reflects
the insurer’s expected future profits from writing business (entry price
concept). Under the fair value approach, however, the contractual service
margin reflects the margin an average market participant would require
taking over the contracts (exit price concept). Therefore, when
determining the fair value of a group of contracts, the Allianz Group
replaces entity-specific assumptions with objective assumptions that an
average market participant would use for pricing the liability. For this, the

Allianz Group has determined the exit price either based on a real-world
projection of the present value of future profits of the group of contracts
or using an internal rate of return methodology based on distributable
earnings. For most groups of contracts for which the internal rate of return
methodology was applied, the Allianz Group used an internal rate of
return of 13 %.
Besides the determination of the contractual service margin, another
crucial key topic at transition is the determination of historic interest rates.
The Allianz Group makes use of the introduction of Solvency II, which is the
general basis for the interest rates.
IFRS 9, issued by the IASB in July 2014, fully replaces IAS 39 and
provides a new approach on how to classify financial instruments based
on their cash flow characteristics and the business model under which
they are managed. Furthermore, the standard introduces a new forwardlooking impairment model for debt instruments and provides new rules
for hedge accounting.
Given the strong interrelation between the measurement of direct
participating insurance contracts and the underlying assets held, the
Allianz Group decided to use the option to defer the full implementation
of IFRS 9 until annual reporting periods beginning on or after
1 January 2023 when IFRS 17 came into effect.
Upon transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9, the Allianz Group has elected
to restate the comparative information of financial assets for IFRS 9. This
includes the application of the classification overlay to all financial assets
derecognized in the comparative period. In connection with the
classification overlay, the Allianz Group also applies the impairment
requirements of IFRS 9 to all financial assets in scope.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Transition from IAS 39 to IFRS 9
Transition from IAS 39 to IFRS 9
€ mn

IAS 39 carrying
amount 31
December 2022

Reclassifications

Remeasurements

Accrued interest

IFRS 9 carrying
amount 1 January
2023

(i)

(ii)

(iii)

(iv)

(v) = (i) + (ii) + (iii)+(iv)

From available for sale (IAS 39)

69,193

-

46

69,239

From held to maturity (IAS 39)

4

-

-

4

15,680

-

360

16,040

Fair value through profit or loss

From fair value through profit or loss (IAS 39)
From loans and advances to banks and customers (IAS 39)

3,256

(1,069)

28

2,215

Total fair value through profit or loss

88,133

(1,069)

434

87,498

Fair value through other comprehensive income
From available for sale (IAS 39)

426,970

-

3,161

430,131

From held to maturity (IAS 39)

1,804

(165)

19

1,658

From fair value through profit or loss (IAS 39)

1,595

-

16

1,611

From loans and advances to banks and customers (IAS 39)

118,289

(8,509)

1,712

111,492

Total fair value through other comprehensive income

548,659

(8,675)

4,908

544,892

From available for sale (IAS 39)

2,881

22

1

2,904

From held to maturity (IAS 39)

1,059

-

2

1,062

From fair value through profit or loss (IAS 39)

(21)

-

-

(20)

From loans and advances to banks and customers (IAS 39)

4,430

(444)

10

3,996

Total amortized cost

8,349

(421)

14

7,942

Amortized cost

Other assets
From receivables (in Other assets) (IAS 39)

586

(167)

(2)

417

To receivables (in Other assets) at fair value through profit or loss

586

(167)

(2)

417

645,726

(10,332)

5,353

640,748

Categories according to IAS 39
Fair value through profit or loss (IAS 39)

17,254

Available for sale (IAS 39)

499,044

Held to maturity (IAS 39)
Loans and advances to banks and customers (IAS 39)
Receivables (in Other assets) (IAS 39)
Total financial assets balances (affected by IFRS 9)

167

2,867
125,975
586
645,726

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Further recently adopted accounting
pronouncements
In addition to the new accounting standards IFRS 9 and IFRS 17, the
following amendments and revisions to existing standards became
effective for the Allianz Group’s consolidated financial statements as
of 1 January 2023:
−
−
−
−

IAS 1, Disclosure of Accounting Policies, and IFRS Practice
Statement 2, Making Materiality Judgements,
IAS 8, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors: Definition of
Accounting Estimates,
IAS 12, Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from
a Single Transaction,
IAS 12, International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules.

These changes had no material impact on the Allianz Group’s financial
results or financial position.

Recently issued accounting pronouncements
The following amendments and revisions to standards and
interpretations have been issued by the IASB but are not yet effective
for or have not been adopted early by the Allianz Group.
Standard/Interpretation

Effective date

IAS 1, Classification of Liabilities as
Current or Non-current

Annual periods beginning on or after
1 January 2024

IAS 1, Non-current Liabilities with
Covenants

Annual periods beginning on or after
1 January 2024

IFRS 16, Lease Liability in a Sale and
Leaseback

Annual periods beginning on or after
1 January 2024

IAS 7 and IFRS 7, Supplier Finance
Arrangements

Annual periods beginning on or after
1 January 2024

IAS 21, Lack of Exchangeability

Annual periods beginning on or after
1 January 2025

These amendments are not expected to have a material impact on the
financial position and financial results of the Allianz Group. Early
adoption is generally allowed but not intended by the Allianz Group.

168

3 _ Consolidation and classification
as held for sale

Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
€ mn

As of 31 December

Innovation Group Holdings Ltd., Whiteley
On 12 January 2023, the Allianz Group completed the acquisition of
100 % of the shares of Innovation Group Holdings Ltd., Whiteley, a
leading global provider of claims and technology solutions to the
insurance and automotive sectors.
Innovation Group’s capabilities complement the Allianz Group’s
existing claims management options. For example, Innovation Group
operates a proprietary software platform to outsource claims
management which enables largely automated claims management
through a simple, intuitive user interface and connects all relevant
participants, including data providers, in the claims process.
The Allianz Group acquired identifiable assets and liabilities with
a fair value of € 259 mn and € 402 mn, respectively. Expected cost
synergies and future revenues from operating Innovation Group
independently serving all customers are the main factors that make up
the goodwill recognized in an amount of € 270 mn.

2023

2022

African business operations1

-

2,549

Russian insurance operations

-

484

Allianz Saudi Arabia

463

-

Euler Hermes Re

240

-

Swedish real estate portfolio

202

-

Other disposal groups

33

27

Subtotal

938

3,061

Assets of disposal groups classified as held for
sale

Non-current assets classified as held for sale
Real estate held for investment

100

-

Real estate held for own use

15

1

Associates and joint ventures

69

-

Subtotal

183

1

1,121

3,062

African business operations1

-

1,907

Russian insurance operations

-

775

Allianz Saudi Arabia

252

-

Incontra Assicurazioni S.p.A., Milan

Euler Hermes Re

32

-

On 30 November 2023, the Allianz Group completed the acquisition of
50 % of the shares of Incontra Assicurazioni S.p.A., Milan, a non-life
insurance business to strengthen the bancassurance partnership with
UniCredit.
The Allianz Group acquired identifiable assets and liabilities with
a preliminary fair value of € 456 mn and € 377 mn, respectively.
Expected cost synergies are the main factors that make up the
goodwill recognized at a preliminary amount of € 40 mn.

Swedish real estate portfolio

9

-

Other disposal groups

38

160

332

2,842

In 2022, the Allianz Group acquired 100 % of the shares of European
Reliance General Insurance Company S.A., Chalandri, a leading Greek
insurer. For more information, please see note 4 to the Annual Report
2022.

Total
Liabilities of disposal groups classified as held for
sale

Total
1_African business of the Global Insurance Lines is not affected.

African business operations
On 4 September 2023, the Allianz Group completed the formation of
the partnership with Sanlam Ltd., Cape Town, a non-banking financial
service company in Africa, by contributing its African business
operations and further assets in consideration for a 41 % shareholding
in the partnership.
The assets and liabilities of the affected operations across Africa
contributed to the partnership were allocated to the reportable
segments Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin
America, Middle East and Africa (Property-Casualty and Life/Health).
The impact of the disposal, net of cash disposed, on the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended
31 December 2023 was as follows:
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Impact of the disposal

Impact of the disposal

€ mn

Investments

Impact of the disposal

€ mn

Investments

355

Investments

137

Financial assets for unit-linked contracts

410

Reinsurance contract assets

16

Financial assets for unit-linked contracts

36

Reinsurance contract assets

62

Deferred tax assets

10

Reinsurance contract assets

5

Deferred tax assets

20

Other assets

20

Other assets

27

Other assets

145

Insurance contract liabilities

Insurance contract liabilities

(148)

Intangible assets

119

Deferred tax liabilities

(5)

Other liabilities

(22)

Financial liabilities

(2)

Other liabilities

(9)

Other comprehensive income

138

(1,580)

IFRS 5 impairment recognized in 2022

(28)

Loss on disposal

(141)

Deferred tax liabilities

(21)

Release of onerous contract provision

409

Proceeds from sale of the subsidiary, net of cash disposed1

Other liabilities

(151)

Loss on disposal

(435)

Other comprehensive income

194

Consideration received

(52)

Non-controlling interests

(35)

Proceeds from sale of the subsidiary, net of cash disposed1

(27)

(1)

1_Includes cash and cash equivalents at an amount of € 27 mn which were disposed of with the
entity.

Insurance contract liabilities

Loss on disposal

1,445

€ mn

Consideration received

(899)

Proceeds from sale of the subsidiary, net of cash disposed1

(294)

1_Includes cash and cash equivalents at an amount of € 168 mn which were disposed of with the
entity.

(308)

On completion, cumulative losses of € 194 mn previously reported in
other comprehensive income relating to the business operations
contributed to the partnership mainly consisting of foreign currency
translation effects were reclassified to profit or loss.

On completion of the sale in the second quarter of 2023, in particular
the required reclassification of the cumulative losses, largely consisting
of foreign currency translation effects from the past, from other
comprehensive income to profit or loss significantly contributed to the
loss on disposal of € 435 mn, which was almost completely anticipated
by the recognition of an onerous contract provision in the fourth
quarter of 2022.

Russian insurance operations

Allianz Lebanon

On 17 May 2023, the Allianz Group completed the sale of 50 % plus
one share in its Russian insurance operations to Interholding LLC,
Moscow.
The assets and liabilities of the Russian insurance operations sold
were allocated to the reportable segments German Speaking
Countries and Central & Eastern Europe (Property-Casualty and
Life/Health).
The impact of the disposal, net of cash disposed, on the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended
31 December 2023 was as follows:

On 3 July 2023, the Allianz Group completed the sale of 100 % of its
Lebanese business operations to GGC SNA Holdings Limited.
The assets and liabilities of the Lebanese business operations sold
were allocated to the reportable segments Global Insurance Lines &
Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin America, Middle East and Africa
(Property-Casualty and Life/Health).
The impact of the disposal, net of cash disposed, on the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended
31 December 2023 was as follows:

169

31

1_Includes cash and cash equivalents at an amount of € 10 mn which were disposed of with the
entity.

On completion, cumulative losses of € 138 mn previously reported in
other comprehensive income relating to the business operation sold
mainly consisting of foreign currency translation effects of the
hyperinflationary economy were reclassified to profit or loss.

Allianz Saudi Arabia
On 27 September 2023, the Allianz Group entered into a binding
agreement to sell its 51 % stake in Allianz Saudi Fransi to Abu Dhabi
National Insurance Company (ADNIC). Pending receipt of regulatory
approvals, the sale is expected to be completed in the first quarter of
2024.
The assets and liabilities of Allianz Saudi Fransi classified as held
for sale are allocated to the reportable segments Global Insurance
Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin America, Middle East and Africa
(Property-Casualty).

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

4 _ Supplementary information on the
consolidated statement of cash flows

Reclassified assets and liabilities
€ mn

Cash and cash equivalents

57

Investments

182

Financial assets for unit-linked contracts

116

Reinsurance contracts that are assets

20

Deferred tax assets

1

Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
€ mn

Supplementary information on the consolidated statement of cash
flows
€ mn

2023

2022

Other assets

70

Intangible assets

17

Supplementary information on the consolidated
statement of cash flows

Total assets

463

Income taxes paid (from operating activities)

(3,068)

Insurance contracts that are liabilities

249

Dividends received (from operating activities)

4,504

5,783

Other liabilities

3

Interest received (from operating activities)

20,037

18,190

Total liabilities

252

Interest paid (from operating activities)

(1,311)

(961)

(3,163)

Significant non-cash transactions
Transfer of U.S. investment teams and assets to
Voya Investment Management, Atlanta1

As of 31 December 2023, cumulative gains of € 14 mn were reported
in other comprehensive income relating to the disposal group
classified as held for sale.

Euler Hermes Re S.A., Luxembourg
On 26 January 2024, the Allianz Group entered into a binding
agreement to sell its 100 % stake in Euler Hermes Re S.A., Luxembourg,
to a Luxembourg captive reinsurance company. Pending receipt of
regulatory approvals, the sale is expected to be completed in the
second quarter of 2024.
The assets and liabilities of Euler Hermes Re S.A. classified as held
for sale are allocated to the reportable segment Global Insurance
Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin America, Middle East and Africa
(Property-Casualty).
As of 31 December 2023, cumulative losses of € 8 mn were
reported in other comprehensive income relating to the disposal group
classified as held for sale.

Certificated
and subordinated
liabilities

Lease
liabilities

Total

As of 1 January 2022

17,270

21,988

2,790

42,047

Net cash flows

2,975

(607)

(450)

1,919

Changes in the
consolidated
subsidiaries of the
Allianz Group

427

-

2

430

Foreign currency
translation
adjustments

341

13

45

400

Fair value and
other changes

Non-cash changes

88

(179)

352

261

As of
31 December 2022

Investments measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income

21,101

21,215

2,740

45,057

-

518

As of 1 January 2023

21,101

21,215

2,740

45,057

Goodwill and other intangible assets

-

(118)

Net cash flows

1,364

(114)

(401)

849

Deferred tax liabilities

-

(109)

Non-cash changes

Other (net)

-

28

Realized gains/losses (net of taxes)

-

319

Changes in the
consolidated
subsidiaries of the
Allianz Group

236

-

5

241

Foreign currency
translation
adjustments

(242)

(7)

(28)

(277)

Fair value and
other changes

43

51

414

507

22,502

21,145

2,730

46,376

1_The transfer to Voya without impacting the cash flows led to adjustments in the following
positions.

Cash and cash equivalents
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Balances with banks payable on demand

10,769

10,670

Balances with central banks

2,652

2,423

42

46

Treasury bills, discounted treasury notes, similar
treasury securities, bills of exchange and checks

8,109

7,009

Reverse repurchase agreements (due in three
months or less)

7,638

2,751

Cash on hand

Expected credit losses
Total

170

Liabilities to
banks and
customers
and other
liabilities

(1)

(3)

29,210

22,896

As of
31 December 2023

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

5 _ Segment reporting
The business activities of the Allianz Group are organized by product
and type of service: insurance activities, asset management activities,
and corporate and other activities. Due to differences in the nature of
products, risks, and capital allocation, insurance activities are further
divided into the business segments Property-Casualty and Life/Health.
In accordance with the responsibilities of the Board of Management,
each of the insurance business segments is grouped into the following
reportable segments:
−
−
−
−
−

German Speaking Countries and Central & Eastern Europe,
Western & Southern Europe, Allianz Direct and Allianz Partners,
Asia Pacific,
USA (Life/Health only),
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin America,
Middle East and Africa.

Both asset management as well as corporate and other activities
represent separate reportable segments. In total, the Allianz Group
has identified 11 reportable segments in accordance with IFRS 8.
The types of products and services from which the reportable
segments derive revenues are described below.

Property-Casualty
In the business segment Property-Casualty, reportable segments offer
a wide variety of insurance products to both private and corporate
customers, including motor liability and own damage, accident,
general liability, fire and property, legal expense, credit, and travel
insurance.

Life/Health
In the business segment Life/Health, reportable segments offer a
comprehensive range of life and health insurance products on both an
individual and a group basis, including annuities, endowment and
term insurance, unit-linked and investment-oriented products, as well
as full private health, supplemental health, and long-term care
insurance.

171

Asset Management
The reportable segment Asset Management operates as a global
provider of institutional and retail asset management products and
services to third-party investors. It also provides investment
management services to the Allianz Group’s insurance operations. The
products for retail and institutional customers include equity and fixedincome funds as well as multi-assets and alternative products. The
United States, Canada, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific region represent
the primary asset management markets.

−
−
−
−
−
−
−

Corporate and Other
The reportable segment Corporate and Other includes the
management and support of the Allianz Group’s businesses through
its strategy, risk, corporate finance, treasury, financial reporting,
controlling, communication, legal, human resources, technology, and
other functions. Furthermore, it includes the banking activities in
France, Italy, and Bulgaria, as well as digital investments.

−
−
−

realized gains/losses (net),
expected credit loss allowance,
income from derivatives (net),
interest expenses from external debt,
impairments of investments (net),
valuation result from investments and other assets and financial
liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss,
specific acquisition and administrative expenses, consisting of
acquisition-related expenses (from business combinations), income
taxes related incidental benefits/expenses, litigation expenses, and
one-time effects from significant reinsurance transactions with
disposal character,
amortization of intangible assets,
restructuring and integration expenses, and
income and expenses from the application of hyperinflation
accounting.

The following exceptions apply to this general rule:
Prices for transactions between reportable segments are set on an
arm’s length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.
Lease transactions are accounted for in accordance with IFRS, except
for intra-group lease transactions which are classified as operating
leases (i.e., off-balance sheet treatment by lessee) for internal and
segment reporting purposes. Transactions between reportable
segments are eliminated in the consolidation. Financial information is
recorded based on reportable segments; cross-segmental countryspecific information is not determined.

The Allianz Group uses operating profit and shareholders’ core net
income to evaluate the performance of its reportable segments as well
as of the Allianz Group as a whole.
Operating profit highlights the portion of income before income
taxes that is attributable to the ongoing core operations of the
Allianz Group. The Allianz Group considers the presentation of
operating profit to be useful and meaningful to investors because it
enhances the understanding of the Allianz Group’s underlying operating
performance and the comparability of its operating performance over
time.
To better understand the ongoing operations of the business, the
Allianz Group generally excludes the following non-operating effects:

−

−

In all reportable segments, the valuation result from investments
and other assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value
through profit or loss is treated as operating profit if it relates to
operating business.
For life/health insurance business and property-casualty insurance
products with policyholder participation, all items listed above are
included in operating profit if the profit sources are shared with
policyholders.

Shareholders’ core net income presents the shareholders’ portion of
income before market movements and amortization of specific
intangible assets from business combinations (including any related
tax effects). The Allianz Group considers the presentation of
shareholders’ core net income to be useful and meaningful because it
reduces the volatility and impact caused by non-operating items which
are not attendant to the Allianz Group’s sustainable performance.
When determining shareholders’ core net income, the
Allianz Group generally excludes the following non-operating items
(including any related tax effects):

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

−

−

−
−

Southern Europe, Allianz Direct and Allianz Partners. Previously
reported information has been adjusted to reflect this change in the
composition of the Allianz Group’s reportable segments.
Additionally, some minor reallocations between the reportable
segments have been made.

Operating profit and shareholders’ core net income should be viewed
as complementary to, and not as a substitute for, income before
income taxes or net income as determined in accordance with IFRS.

Non-operating market movements:
valuation result from investments and other assets and
financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss,
and
income from derivatives.

Effective 1 January 2023, the Allianz Group reorganized the structure
of its insurance activities to reflect the changes in the responsibilities of
the Board of Management. The insurance activities in Iberia & Latin
America have been included in the reportable segment Global
Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin America, Middle East
and Africa. Greece was moved into the reportable segment Western &

Non-operating amortization and impairments of intangible assets
from business combinations except for insurance, investment or
service contracts or agreements for the distribution of such
contracts.

Business segment information – consolidated balance sheet
€ mn

Property-Casualty
As of 31 December

2023

Life/Health
2022

2023

Asset Management

Corporate and Other

2022

2023

2022

2023

Consolidation
2022

2023

Group
2022

2023

2022

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents
Investments
Financial assets for unit-linked contracts

5,887

5,342

17,700

12,040

1,183

1,290

4,689

4,515

(249)

(292)

29,210

22,896

116,447

110,442

573,187

550,968

1,149

1,046

129,335

127,855

(98,315)

(99,319)

721,802

690,991
141,034

-

-

152,872

141,034

-

-

-

-

-

-

152,872

Insurance contract assets

103

285

69

42

-

-

-

-

-

-

172

327

Reinsurance contract assets

10,855

10,173

13,915

15,450

-

-

-

-

(51)

(18)

24,719

25,605

Deferred tax assets

1,554

1,781

4,813

4,914

225

307

1,575

1,859

(2,175)

(2,492)

5,992

6,369

Other assets

23,562

22,211

16,752

17,599

5,890

5,687

10,109

8,422

(26,556)

(23,686)

29,757

30,234

Intangible assets
Total assets

6,284

6,202

4,596

4,517

7,476

7,615

290

106

3

3

18,649

18,442

164,692

156,436

783,905

746,563

15,922

15,945

145,998

142,757

(127,343)

(125,804)

983,174

935,897

Liabilities and equity
Financial liabilities

2,502

2,004

20,398

16,185

116

135

40,917

39,675

(7,651)

(6,689)

56,282

51,310

Insurance contract liabilities

96,339

91,641

680,654

649,184

-

-

-

-

(49)

(26)

776,944

740,799

Reinsurance contract liabilities

125

19

105

239

-

-

-

-

-

-

231

257

Investment contract liabilities

-

-

49,686

47,827

-

-

-

-

-

-

49,686

47,827

Deferred tax liabilities

1,863

1,661

1,914

2,482

133

125

396

363

(2,182)

(2,472)

2,124

2,158

Other liabilities

16,288

15,806

8,533

10,196

5,419

5,542

30,614

26,870

(26,526)

(23,603)

34,328

34,810

Total liabilities

117,117

111,130

761,290

726,112

5,668

5,802

71,927

66,908

(36,407)

(32,790)

919,594

877,163

Shareholders’ equity

46,216

43,848

20,934

18,923

10,131

10,024

72,102

74,408

(90,904)

(92,788)

58,477

54,415

Non-controlling interests

1,359

1,459

1,682

1,528

123

119

1,970

1,441

(31)

(227)

5,103

4,320

Total equity

47,574

45,306

22,615

20,451

10,254

10,143

74,072

75,849

(90,936)

(93,015)

63,580

58,735

Total liabilities and equity

164,692

156,436

783,905

746,563

15,922

15,945

145,998

142,757

(127,343)

(125,804)

983,174

935,897

172

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Business segment information – total business volume and reconciliation of operating profit (loss) to net income (loss)
€ mn

Property-Casualty

Life/Health

Asset Management

Corporate and Other

Consolidation

Group

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

Total business volume1

76,531

70,613

77,878

75,258

8,086

8,234

-

-

(795)

(781)

161,700

153,324

Total revenues2

71,291

66,353

22,580

23,114

8,086

8,234

-

-

(755)

(773)

101,201

96,928

Operating insurance service result
Insurance revenue

68,757

63,963

22,580

23,114

-

-

-

-

(86)

(91)

91,251

86,985

Claims and benefits

(45,021)

(42,009)

(13,089)

(13,396)

-

-

-

-

70

60

(58,040)

(55,345)

Acquisition and administrative expenses

(16,893)

(15,934)

(5,649)

(5,696)

-

-

-

-

76

67

(22,466)

(21,563)

Reinsurance result

(2,608)

(1,725)

(151)

(390)

-

-

-

-

17

25

(2,742)

(2,090)

7

4

323

175

-

-

-

-

-

-

330

179

4,242

4,298

4,014

3,806

-

-

-

-

77

61

8,332

8,165

Operating net investment income, excluding interest expenses from external debt

3,113

2,911

22,411

(15,635)

95

7

467

436

646

730

26,732

(11,551)

Net operating (re)insurance finance income (expenses)

(365)

(480)

(21,521)

15,771

-

-

-

-

(80)

-

(21,967)

15,292

Subtotal

2,748

2,432

890

137

95

7

467

436

566

730

4,765

3,741

-

-

181

202

-

-

-

-

56

86

237

288

(13)

38

195

179

7,960

8,211

349

307

(852)

(894)

7,639

7,840

Other insurance service result
Subtotal
Operating investment result

Operating result from investment contracts
Operating fee and commission result
Operating other result3

(68)

59

(88)

(106)

(4,928)

(5,020)

(1,289)

(1,282)

146

129

(6,228)

(6,221)

Operating profit (loss)

6,909

6,827

5,191

4,218

3,126

3,198

(474)

(540)

(7)

112

14,746

13,814

(544)

(1,267)

(217)

442

14

443

(787)

(111)

10

3

(1,524)

(489)

-

-

-

-

-

-

(631)

(561)

-

-

(631)

(561)

(544)

(1,267)

(217)

442

14

443

(1,418)

(672)

10

3

(2,155)

(1,050)

(629)

(749)

(225)

(169)

25

(2,063)

(181)

(122)

-

3

(1,010)

(3,100)

Non-operating investment result
Non-operating investment income (net)
Interest expenses from external debt
Subtotal
Non-operating other result4
Income (loss) before income taxes

5,736

4,811

4,750

4,491

3,165

1,578

(2,073)

(1,334)

3

119

11,582

9,664

Income taxes

(1,462)

(1,454)

(962)

(1,174)

(812)

(644)

688

492

(1)

(29)

(2,550)

(2,808)

Net income (loss)

4,274

3,357

3,788

3,317

2,353

935

(1,385)

(842)

2

89

9,032

6,856

Net income (loss) attributable to:
Non-controlling interests
Shareholders

120

105

200

157

195

180

(23)

(7)

-

(1)

491

435

4,154

3,251

3,589

3,160

2,158

755

(1,361)

(835)

2

90

8,541

6,421

1_Total business volume comprises gross written premiums and fee and commission income in Property-Casualty, statutory gross premiums in Life/Health, and operating revenues in Asset Management. The definition of total business volume is comparable to the definition of total revenues previously
used within the Allianz Group. The revenues from the banking business are, however, not part of the total business volume anymore as the remaining banking activities can be considered immaterial. Moreover, in Property-Casualty and in Life/Health, smaller adjustments to premiums at some entities
are applied, following some interpretation/presentation changes.
2_Total revenues comprise insurance revenue and fee and commission income in Property-Casualty, insurance revenue in Life/Health, and operating revenues in Asset Management.
3_Includes acquisition and administrative expenses, other income, and other expenses.
4_Includes, if applicable, acquisition-related expenses, income taxes related incidental benefits/expenses, litigation expenses, one-time effects from significant reinsurance transactions with disposal character, and income and expenses from the application of hyperinflation accounting. Until 2022, the
effects from the application of hyperinflation accounting were included in non-operating investment income (net).

173

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Business segment information – reconciliation of income (loss) before income taxes to shareholders’ core net income (loss)
€ mn

Property-Casualty
Income (loss) before income taxes
Adjustment for non-operating market movements
Adjustment for amortization of intangible assets from business
combinations

Life/Health

Asset Management

Corporate and Other

Consolidation

Group

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

5,736

4,811

4,750

4,491

3,165

1,578

(2,073)

(1,334)

3

119

11,582

9,664

246

596

(2)

62

(13)

2

553

90

(4)

4

780

753

80

87

11

12

2

4

11

7

-

-

105

110

Core income (loss) before income taxes

6,062

5,493

4,760

4,565

3,154

1,585

(1,508)

(1,237)

(2)

122

12,466

10,528

Income taxes related to core income (loss)

(1,513)

(1,613)

(965)

(1,189)

(809)

(646)

571

464

(1)

(29)

(2,717)

(3,013)

Core net income (loss)

4,549

3,881

3,795

3,376

2,345

939

(937)

(773)

(3)

93

9,749

7,515

4,421

3,750

3,595

3,205

2,150

759

(1,062)

(824)

(3)

94

9,101

6,984

thereof: Shareholders' core net income (loss)

−
For steering purposes, the Allianz Group classifies certain income and
expenses differently than required by IFRS as this is considered to
provide more meaningful information. The main line items affected
are the operating insurance service result, the operating net result from
investment contracts, and the operating net investment income.
The Allianz Group uses operating insurance service result as a
performance indicator. In contrast to the IFRS 17 definition of
insurance service result, the following components not included in the
IFRS insurance service result are included in the operating insurance
service result:

−

−

non-attributable acquisition, administrative, and claims expenses
which before adoption of IFRS 17 were also included in the
underwriting result. These expenses are included in the line
acquisition and administrative expenses in the consolidated
income statement 1;
adjustments for experience variances at claims and expenses if the
technical result is shared with the policyholders. In the
consolidated income statement, these experience variances are
part of the net insurance finance expenses;
specific restructuring charges and amortization of intangible
assets which are shared with the policyholders.

For a better analysis of the result from investment contracts, all related
income and expenses are included in the line operating result from
investment contracts. For this, fee and commission income and
expenses as well as net investment income are reclassified from the
respective line items in the Group income statement.
Fee and commission income and expenses are reclassified to
operating net investment income if they are related to insurance
contracts.
The following table reconciles the amounts in the consolidated
Group income statement to the amounts presented in the
reconciliation of operating profit (loss) to net income (loss) (OP
reconciliation).

1_For the following reconciliation, non-attributable acquisition, administrative, and claims expenses and
restructuring charges and amortization of intangible assets are included in the line Other result.

174

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Reconciliation for special line items between Group income statement and reconciliation of operating profit to net income
€ mn

Consolidated income statement
line items

Consolidated income
statement
2023

Reclassification of
variances and
restructuring expenses

Reclassification of nonattributable expenses

Reclassification of income
related to investment
contracts

Reclassification of fee
income related to
insurance contracts

OP reconciliation

OP reconciliation line items

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

91,251

86,985

Insurance revenue

91,251

86,985

Insurance service expenses

(77,145)

(73,911)

thereof incurred claims and
other insurance service
expenses

(57,934)

(55,307)

(106)

(38)

-

-

-

-

-

-

(58,040)

(55,345)

thereof acquisition and
administrative expenses

(19,211)

(18,604)

(3,255)

(2,958)

-

-

-

-

-

-

(22,466)

(21,563)

Acquisition and administrative
expenses

(2,742)

(2,090)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(2,742)

(2,090)

Reinsurance result

-

-

330

179

-

-

-

-

330

179

Reinsurance result

Insurance revenue
Claims and benefits

Other insurance service result

Insurance service result

11,364

10,983

(3,361)

(2,996)

330

179

-

-

-

-

8,332

8,165

Operating insurance service result

Net investment income

24,528

(12,550)

-

-

-

-

(322)

(114)

372

64

24,578

(12,600)

Net investment income

26,732

(11,551)

thereof operating net investment
income

(1,524)

(489)

thereof non-operating net investment
income

(631)

(561)

thereof interest expenses from
external debt

(21,577)

15,564

-

-

(390)

(273)

-

-

-

-

(21,967)

15,292

Net insurance finance income
(expenses)

Fee and commission income and
expenses (net)

8,164

8,139

-

-

-

-

(153)

(235)

(372)

(64)

7,639

7,840

Operating fee and commission income
and expenses (net)

Net result from investment
contracts

(238)

(60)

-

-

-

-

475

349

-

-

237

288

Operating net result from investment
contracts

(10,659)

(12,411)

3,361

2,996

60

94

-

-

-

-

(7,237)

(9,321)

Other result

(6,228)

(6,221)

thereof operating other result

(1,010)

(3,100)

thereof non-operating other result

Net insurance finance expenses

Other result1

Income before income taxes

11,582

9,664

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

11,582

9,664

Income before income taxes

Income taxes

(2,550)

(2,808)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(2,550)

(2,808)

Income taxes

Net income

9,032

6,856

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

9,032

6,856

Net income

1_Includes acquisition and administrative expenses, other income, other expenses, amortization of intangible assets, and restructuring and integration expenses.

175

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Reportable segment information – key indicators
€ mn

Total business volume

Operating profit (loss)

Shareholders' core net income (loss)

Net income (loss)

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

German Speaking Countries and Central & Eastern Europe

18,837

17,619

2,013

2,422

1,338

1,217

1,241

999

Western & Southern Europe, Allianz Direct and Allianz Partners

22,847

20,756

1,792

1,578

1,094

875

1,078

794

Asia Pacific

6,332

6,050

376

545

235

356

259

359
1,203

Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin America,
Middle East and Africa

33,028

30,209

2,728

2,281

1,753

1,300

1,694

Consolidation

(4,512)

(4,021)

-

-

1

1

1

1

Total Property-Casualty

76,531

70,613

6,909

6,827

4,421

3,750

4,274

3,357

German Speaking Countries and Central & Eastern Europe

29,872

29,847

1,859

1,895

1,379

1,407

1,413

1,404

Western & Southern Europe

21,442

21,065

1,487

1,295

849

805

889

859

Asia Pacific

5,872

6,603

589

436

408

324

481

395

USA

18,310

15,417

1,088

399

919

452

959

432

Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin America,
Middle East and Africa

2,582

2,561

218

245

97

267

104

276

Consolidation and Other

(200)

(236)

(49)

(51)

(57)

(49)

(57)

(49)

Total Life/Health

77,878

75,258

5,191

4,218

3,595

3,205

3,788

3,317

Asset Management

8,086

8,234

3,126

3,198

2,150

759

2,353

935

Corporate and Other

-

-

(474)

(540)

(1,062)

(824)

(1,385)

(842)

(795)

(781)

(7)

112

(3)

94

2

89

161,700

153,324

14,746

13,814

9,101

6,984

9,032

6,856

Consolidation
Group

176

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6 _ NOTES TO INSURANCE OPERATIONS
6.1 _ Insurance revenue
Insurance revenue
€ mn

Property-Casualty

Life/Health

Consolidation

Group

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

68,393

63,504

956

998

(24)

(32)

69,326

64,470

Insurance service expenses incurred

183

289

13,626

13,916

(70)

(64)

13,740

14,141

CSM recognized for services provided

109

107

4,967

5,020

(18)

(34)

5,057

5,093

Change in the risk adjustment

4

9

512

566

-

-

516

574

Other

9

11

(103)

(78)

26

38

(68)

(29)

Insurance revenue from contracts measured under the PAA
Insurance revenue from contracts not measured under the PAA
Amounts relating to changes in the liability for remaining
coverage

Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows

57

44

2,622

2,692

-

-

2,679

2,736

Subtotal

364

459

21,624

22,116

(62)

(60)

21,925

22,515

68,757

63,963

22,580

23,114

(86)

(91)

91,251

86,985

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

(44,938)

(41,990)

(13,066)

(13,378)

70

60

(57,934)

(55,307)

Total

6.2 _ Insurance service expenses
Insurance service expenses
€ mn

Property-Casualty
Incurred claims

Life/Health

Consolidation

Group

Acquisition and administrative expenses

(14,702)

(14,045)

(4,604)

(4,648)

96

89

(19,211)

(18,604)

Total

(59,640)

(56,035)

(17,671)

(18,026)

166

149

(77,145)

(73,911)

177

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6.3 _ Reinsurance result
Reinsurance result
€ mn

Property-Casualty
Allocation of reinsurance premiums
Amounts recoverable from reinsurers for incurred claims
Total

178

Life/Health

Consolidation

Group

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

(6,360)

(5,760)

(3,271)

(2,499)

83

94

(9,548)

(8,165)

3,752

4,035

3,120

2,109

(66)

(69)

6,806

6,074

(2,608)

(1,725)

(151)

(390)

17

25

(2,742)

(2,090)

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6.4 _ Total investment result
The following table analyzes the total investment result of the
Property-Casualty and Life/Health business segments recognized
in profit or loss and other comprehensive income in the period:
Total investment result
€ mn

2023
Property-Casualty

Life/Health

2022
Consolidation

Total

Property-Casualty

Life/Health

Consolidation

Total
24,754

Total investment income
Interest result

4,160

21,152

-

25,312

3,576

21,179

-

Realized gains/losses (net)

(410)

(5,146)

48

(5,508)

40

305

1

346

Valuation result

(691)

7,920

-

7,229

(1,496)

(34,722)

-

(36,219)

Investment expenses

(490)

(1,848)

6

(2,332)

(475)

(1,902)

5

(2,372)

Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income

4,189

26,931

-

31,120

(12,651)

(131,536)

-

(144,187)

Subtotal

6,758

49,009

54

55,821

(11,007)

(146,677)

6

(157,678)

(6,286)

Net insurance finance result
Finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts (net)
Interest accreted
Effect of changes in interest rates and other financial assumptions
Change in fair value of underlying items

(841)

(6,195)

-

(7,036)

(557)

(5,729)

-

(2,042)

(6,902)

(2)

(8,946)

7,303

35,263

(3)

42,562

(390)

(34,255)

(80)

(34,725)

1,849

114,240

-

116,089
1,830

Effects of risk mitigation option

-

485

-

485

-

1,830

-

Foreign currency gains/losses1

57

(27)

-

30

(45)

(232)

-

(278)

(3,216)

(46,894)

(82)

(50,192)

8,549

145,371

(3)

153,917

(589)

(21,465)

(80)

(22,133)

(691)

14,833

-

14,142

(2,627)

(25,430)

(2)

(28,059)

9,240

130,539

(3)

139,775

Subtotal
Recognized in profit or loss
Recognized in other comprehensive income
Finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts (net)
Interest accreted

177

403

-

579

150

898

-

1,048

Effect of changes in interest rates and other financial assumptions

351

(337)

(12)

2

(1,089)

(3,027)

10

(4,106)

Foreign currency gains/losses1

61

2

-

63

33

-

-

33

Subtotal

588

68

(12)

644

(906)

(2,130)

10

(3,024)

Recognized in profit or loss

231

326

-

556

215

1,207

-

1,422

Recognized in other comprehensive income

358

(258)

(12)

88

(1,120)

(3,336)

10

(4,446)
(6,785)

Total

4,131

2,183

(40)

6,273

(3,364)

(3,436)

13

Amounts recognized in profit or loss

2,211

940

(26)

3,125

1,168

900

6

2,074

Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income

1,920

1,242

(14)

3,148

(4,531)

(4,333)

7

(8,858)

1_Foreign currency gains/losses are included in the line foreign currency translation adjustments for the analysis of movements in insurance and reinsurance contract balances in notes 6.6 and 6.7. The remaining deviation from the amounts disclosed as finance income (expenses) (net) in notes 6.6 and
6.7 results from different exchange rates used for the translation of profit or loss and balance sheet amounts.

179

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6.5 _ Insurance and reinsurance
contract balances
The following tables show the composition of insurance and
reinsurance contract balances.
Insurance contracts 1
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023
Property-Casualty

2022

Life/Health

Consolidation

21,237

983

(11)

(13,894)

(314)

8

Total

Property-Casualty

Life/Health

Consolidation

Total

22,209

18,872

1,381

(1)

20,251

(14,200)

(12,473)

(4)

(4)

(12,481)

Liability for remaining coverage
Contracts measured under the PAA
Receivables
Payables and deposits

2,002

8

(4)

2,006

1,734

11

(6)

1,739

Subtotal

9,345

677

(7)

10,015

8,133

1,387

(11)

9,509

6,428

613,869

28

620,325

6,940

582,123

32

589,094

(169)

(2,824)

14

(2,979)

(126)

(2,738)

29

(2,835)

16

2,151

-

2,167

43

2,163

(1)

2,205

77

4,647

(1)

4,724

65

5,194

(5)

5,255

1,239

52,601

(22)

53,818

1,172

52,227

(16)

53,382

Contracts not measured under the PAA1
Present value of future cash flows2
thereof receivables
thereof payables and deposits
Risk adjustment
CSM
Subtotal
Subtotal
thereof asset for acquisition cash flows

7,744

671,118

5

678,867

8,176

639,544

11

647,731

17,088

671,795

(1)

688,882

16,309

640,931

-

657,240

(1,413)

(40)

-

(1,453)

(1,258)

(36)

-

(1,294)

73,342

Liability for incurred claims
Contracts measured under the PAA
Present value of future cash flows

77,129

439

(20)

77,547

72,924

427

(8)

thereof receivables

(161)

-

-

(161)

(212)

-

-

(212)

thereof payables and deposits

975

143

(2)

1,117

1,230

129

(1)

1,358

Risk adjustment

1,782

1

-

1,783

1,862

1

(1)

1,862

Subtotal

78,911

439

(20)

79,330

74,786

428

(9)

75,204
7,926

Contracts not measured under the PAA1
Present value of future cash flows

200

8,292

(26)

8,467

204

7,740

(18)

thereof receivables

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

thereof payables and deposits

-

341

10

350

-

251

8

259

Risk adjustment

37

58

(1)

93

58

44

1

102

Subtotal

237

8,350

(27)

8,560

262

7,783

(17)

8,028

Subtotal

79,148

8,789

(47)

87,890

75,048

8,211

(26)

83,232

Total

96,237

680,584

(49)

776,772

91,356

649,142

(26)

740,472

1_Amounts relevant for the analysis by measurement component in note 6.6.
2_Includes € 106,937 mn future discretionary benefits.

1_Insurance contract liabilities net of insurance contract assets.

180

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Reinsurance contracts 1
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Property-Casualty

Life/Health

Consolidation

Total

Property-Casualty

Life/Health

Consolidation

Total

Asset (liability) for remaining coverage
Contracts measured under the PAA

1,959

688

(7)

2,639

1,953

880

(4)

2,830

Deposits

(152)

-

(4)

(155)

(257)

-

5

(252)

Receivables

(10)

2

(3)

(12)

44

-

(4)

41

Payables

(2,529)

(25)

22

(2,532)

(2,583)

6

9

(2,568)

Subtotal

(732)

664

8

(59)

(843)

887

6

50

(20)

9,576

(15)

9,541

(23)

10,467

18

10,462

-

(23,081)

9

(23,072)

-

(24,061)

-

(24,061)

Contracts not measured under the PAA1
Present value of future cash flows
thereof deposits
thereof receivables

1

52

-

53

-

48

-

49

thereof payables

(5)

(752)

3

(754)

(7)

(534)

24

(518)
1,279

Risk adjustment

7

910

1

918

4

1,275

(1)

CSM

18

1,897

8

1,922

19

1,950

6

1,976

Subtotal

4

12,383

(6)

12,381

1

13,692

23

13,716

(727)

13,047

2

12,322

(841)

14,579

29

13,767

Subtotal
Asset for incurred claims
Contracts measured under the PAA
Present value of future cash flows

10,267

230

(38)

10,460

9,797

160

(40)

9,918

thereof deposits

(1,186)

-

5

(1,181)

(1,280)

-

5

(1,275)

thereof receivables

1,023

202

-

1,226

900

118

(12)

1,006

thereof payables

(49)

-

-

(49)

(67)

(1)

3

(65)

333

-

-

333

344

-

(1)

342

10,601

230

(38)

10,793

10,141

160

(41)

10,260

Risk adjustment
Subtotal
Contracts not measured under the PAA1
Present value of future cash flows

840

529

(13)

1,356

826

479

(7)

1,298

thereof deposits

-

(176)

-

(176)

(1)

(175)

-

(175)

thereof receivables

57

325

(7)

375

2

290

(1)

291

thereof payables

(18)

3

-

(15)

(7)

(6)

-

(12)

Risk adjustment

17

3

(1)

18

29

(7)

1

23

Subtotal

857

532

(15)

1,374

855

472

(6)

1,321

Subtotal

11,458

762

(53)

12,167

10,996

632

(47)

11,581

Total

10,730

13,810

(51)

24,489

10,155

15,211

(18)

25,347

1_Amounts relevant for the analysis by measurement component in note 6.7.

6.6 _ Movements in insurance contract
balances
The following tables analyze the movements in the net insurance
contract liabilities during the reporting period. The first set of tables

analyzes the movements in the liability for remaining coverage and
liability for incurred claims for the Allianz Group and the business
segments. The second set analyzes the movements of contracts not
measured under the PAA by measurement components.

The corresponding analyses for reinsurance contracts are
included in note 6.7.

1_Reinsurance contract assets net of reinsurance contract liabilities.

181

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Analysis by remaining coverage and incurred claims – Allianz Group
€ mn

2023
Liability for remaining
coverage

Liability for incurred claims
Contracts
not
measured
under the
PAA

Excluding
loss
component

2022
Liability for incurred claims
Contracts
not
measured
under the
PAA

Contracts measured under
the PAA
Present
value of
future cash
flows

Loss
component

Total

Liability for remaining
coverage

Excluding
loss
component

Risk
adjustment

Contracts measured under
the PAA
Present
value of
future cash
flows

Loss
component

Total

Risk
adjustment

Insurance contract assets as of 1 January

(534)

-

-

207

-

(327)

(50)

-

-

14

-

(36)

Insurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

657,213

560

8,028

73,136

1,862

740,799

795,468

434

8,459

76,616

2,273

883,250

Net insurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

656,680

560

8,028

73,342

1,862

740,472

795,418

434

8,459

76,630

2,273

883,214

Insurance revenue

(91,251)

-

-

-

-

(91,251)

(86,985)

-

-

-

-

(86,985)

Incurred claims and other incurred insurance service expenses

(2,156)

-

18,759

24,980

-

41,583

5,825

-

10,670

23,327

-

39,821

Amortization of insurance acquisition cash flows

9,259

-

-

-

-

9,259

8,972

-

-

-

-

8,972

-

-

3,105

23,493

(165)

26,433

-

-

3,437

21,709

(154)

24,992

Losses on onerous groups of contracts and reversals of such losses

-

(134)

-

-

-

(134)

-

86

-

-

-

86

Impairments of assets for insurance acquisition cash flows

4

-

-

-

-

4

40

-

-

-

-

40

7,107

(134)

21,864

48,473

(165)

77,145

14,837

86

14,107

45,036

(154)

73,911

(47,112)

-

46,403

709

-

-

(46,270)

-

45,150

1,120

-

-

Premiums received

143,287

-

-

-

-

143,287

137,216

-

-

-

-

137,216

Insurance acquisition cash flows

(17,930)

-

-

-

-

(17,930)

(17,275)

-

-

-

-

(17,275)
(102,686)

Insurance service expenses

Changes in the liability for incurred claims

Subtotal
Investment component
Cash flows in the period

Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid

-

-

(68,091)

(47,242)

-

(115,333)

-

-

(59,052)

(43,634)

-

15

-

2

(3)

-

14

19

-

(4)

(38)

-

(23)

Receivables and payables (net)

(1,498)

-

109

(174)

-

(1,563)

(875)

-

(187)

49

-

(1,013)

Subtotal

Deposits

123,874

-

(67,980)

(47,419)

-

8,474

119,085

-

(59,243)

(43,624)

-

16,219

Finance income and expenses from insurance contracts (net)

47,003

-

367

2,749

103

50,222

(147,552)

-

(380)

(6,472)

(201)

(154,605)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

11,859

(4,474)

(1)

(32)

(442)

(13)

(4,962)

11,362

9

4

472

11

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

(204)

(9)

63

51

2

(97)

-

-

-

63

6

69

Reclassification into assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale

(396)

-

(4)

(129)

(1)

(530)

(1,893)

-

(50)

(444)

(3)

(2,390)

Other changes

(2,709)

(53)

(149)

213

(4)

(2,702)

(1,322)

32

(19)

562

(71)

(818)

Net insurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

688,518

364

8,560

77,547

1,783

776,772

656,680

560

8,028

73,342

1,862

740,472

Insurance contract assets as of 31 December

(194)

-

16

6

-

(172)

(534)

-

-

207

-

(327)

Insurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

688,711

364

8,544

77,541

1,783

776,944

657,213

560

8,028

73,136

1,862

740,799

182

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Analysis by remaining coverage and incurred claims – Property-Casualty
€ mn

2023
Liability for remaining
coverage

Liability for incurred claims
Contracts
not
measured
under the
PAA

Excluding
loss
component

2022
Liability for incurred claims
Contracts
not
measured
under the
PAA

Contracts measured under
the PAA
Present
value of
future cash
flows

Loss
component

Total

Liability for remaining
coverage

Excluding
loss
component

Risk
adjustment

Contracts measured under
the PAA
Present
value of
future cash
flows

Loss
component

Total

Risk
adjustment

Insurance contract assets as of 1 January

(475)

-

-

190

-

(285)

(5)

-

-

-

-

(5)

Insurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

16,388

395

262

72,734

1,862

91,641

18,402

288

384

76,279

2,275

97,627

Net insurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

15,914

395

262

72,924

1,862

91,356

18,396

288

384

76,279

2,275

97,622

Insurance revenue

(68,757)

-

-

-

-

(68,757)

(63,963)

-

-

-

-

(63,963)

Incurred claims and other incurred insurance service expenses

4,443

-

371

24,471

-

29,285

4,344

-

294

23,009

-

27,647

Amortization of insurance acquisition cash flows

6,969

-

-

-

-

6,969

6,737

-

-

-

-

6,737

-

-

239

23,434

(164)

23,509

-

-

7

21,697

(156)

21,547

Losses on onerous groups of contracts and reversals of such losses

-

(126)

-

-

-

(126)

-

78

-

-

-

78

Impairments of assets for insurance acquisition cash flows

4

-

-

-

-

4

26

-

-

-

-

26

11,415

(126)

610

47,905

(164)

59,640

11,107

78

301

44,705

(156)

56,035

(1,621)

-

912

709

-

-

(1,941)

-

929

1,012

-

-

Premiums received

72,731

-

-

-

-

72,731

68,168

-

-

-

-

68,168

Insurance acquisition cash flows

(11,885)

-

-

-

-

(11,885)

(11,525)

-

-

-

-

(11,525)
(44,632)

Insurance service expenses

Changes in the liability for incurred claims

Subtotal
Investment component
Cash flows in the period

Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid

-

-

(1,485)

(46,722)

-

(48,207)

-

-

(1,434)

(43,199)

-

15

-

-

(3)

-

11

(76)

-

-

(38)

-

(114)

Receivables and payables (net)

(1,098)

-

4

(188)

-

(1,282)

(1,036)

-

10

(1)

-

(1,027)

Subtotal

59,763

-

(1,481)

(46,913)

-

11,369

55,530

-

(1,424)

(43,238)

-

10,868

384

-

40

2,747

101

3,273

(1,865)

-

(26)

(6,469)

(201)

(8,560)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

(9)

-

(2)

(441)

(13)

(465)

(5)

-

11

474

11

491

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

(32)

-

67

51

2

88

-

-

-

63

6

69

Reclassification into assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale

(252)

-

(3)

(124)

(1)

(380)

(221)

-

(10)

(432)

(2)

(665)

35

(21)

(168)

271

(4)

113

(1,125)

29

97

529

(71)

(541)

16,840

248

237

77,129

1,782

96,237

15,914

395

262

72,924

1,862

91,356

Deposits

Finance income and expenses from insurance contracts (net)

Other changes
Net insurance contract liabilities as of 31 December
Insurance contract assets as of 31 December

(103)

-

-

-

-

(103)

(475)

-

-

190

-

(285)

Insurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

16,943

248

237

77,129

1,782

96,339

16,388

395

262

72,734

1,862

91,641

183

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Analysis by remaining coverage and incurred claims – Life/Health
€ mn

2023
Liability for remaining
coverage

Liability for incurred claims
Contracts
not
measured
under the
PAA

Excluding
loss
component
Insurance contract assets as of 1 January

2022
Liability for incurred claims
Contracts
not
measured
under the
PAA

Contracts measured under
the PAA
Present
value of
future cash
flows

Loss
component

Total

Liability for remaining
coverage

Excluding
loss
component

Risk
adjustment

Contracts measured under
the PAA
Present
value of
future cash
flows

Loss
component

Total

Risk
adjustment

(59)

-

-

17

-

(42)

(45)

-

-

13

-

(31)

640,813

177

7,783

410

1

649,184

777,046

158

8,108

343

2

785,656

Net insurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

640,754

177

7,783

427

1

649,142

777,001

158

8,108

356

2

785,625

Insurance revenue

(22,580)

-

-

-

-

(22,580)

(23,114)

-

-

-

-

(23,114)

Incurred claims and other incurred insurance service expenses

(6,599)

-

18,497

516

-

12,414

1,482

-

10,462

345

-

12,290

Amortization of insurance acquisition cash flows

2,291

-

-

-

-

2,291

2,236

-

-

-

-

2,236

Changes in the liability for incurred claims

-

-

2,926

49

-

2,974

-

-

3,458

20

-

3,478

Losses on onerous groups of contracts and reversals of such losses

-

(8)

-

-

-

(8)

-

7

-

-

-

7

Impairments of assets for insurance acquisition cash flows

-

-

-

-

-

-

14

-

-

-

-

14

Insurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

Insurance service expenses

Subtotal

(4,308)

(8)

21,422

565

-

17,671

3,732

7

13,920

366

-

18,026

(45,500)

-

45,500

-

-

-

(44,331)

-

44,223

107

-

-

Premiums received

70,665

-

-

-

-

70,665

69,131

-

-

-

-

69,131

Insurance acquisition cash flows

(6,045)

-

-

-

-

(6,045)

(5,752)

-

-

-

-

(5,752)

Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid

-

-

(66,767)

(522)

-

(67,288)

-

-

(57,746)

(466)

-

(58,212)

Deposits

1

-

1

-

-

1

95

-

(3)

-

-

93

Receivables and payables (net)

(399)

-

105

14

-

(280)

167

-

(203)

54

-

19

Subtotal

64,221

-

(66,662)

(507)

-

(2,948)

63,641

-

(57,951)

(411)

-

5,278

Investment component
Cash flows in the period

Finance income and expenses from insurance contracts (net)

46,538

-

326

3

-

46,867

(145,688)

-

(357)

(3)

-

(146,048)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

(4,466)

(1)

(30)

(1)

-

(4,498)

11,366

9

(7)

(1)

-

11,367

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

(172)

(9)

(5)

-

-

(185)

-

-

-

-

-

-

Reclassification into assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale

(144)

-

(1)

(5)

-

(150)

(1,674)

-

(40)

(12)

(1)

(1,727)

Other changes

(2,664)

(44)

15

(42)

-

(2,735)

(180)

3

(114)

26

-

(266)

Net insurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

671,679

116

8,350

439

1

680,584

640,754

177

7,783

427

1

649,142

Insurance contract assets as of 31 December
Insurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

184

(91)

-

16

5

-

(69)

(59)

-

-

17

-

(42)

671,770

116

8,334

433

1

680,654

640,813

177

7,783

410

1

649,184

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Analysis by measurement component – contracts not measured under the PAA – Allianz Group
€ mn

2023

2022

Present value of
future cash flows

Risk adjustment

CSM

(1)

-

-

Insurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

597,022

5,357

Net insurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

597,021

Insurance contract assets as of 1 January

Total

Present value of
future cash flows

Risk adjustment

CSM

(1)

-

-

-

-

53,382

655,761

727,909

6,602

59,381

793,892

5,357

53,382

655,760

727,909

6,602

59,381

793,892

Total

Changes that relate to current service
CSM recognized for the services provided

-

-

(5,057)

(5,057)

-

-

(5,117)

(5,117)

Change in RA, that does not relate to future or past service

-

(516)

-

(516)

-

(573)

-

(573)

Experience adjustments

359

-

-

359

171

-

-

171

Subtotal

359

(516)

(5,057)

(5,214)

171

(573)

(5,117)

(5,519)

(923)

(370)

1,293

-

7,416

(605)

(6,749)

62
12

Changes that relate to future service
Changes in estimates that adjust CSM1
Changes in estimates that do not adjust CSM (losses on groups of
onerous contracts and reversals of such losses)

(8)

-

-

(8)

12

-

-

Effects of contracts initially recognized in the period

(4,935)

346

4,589

-

(5,083)

506

4,577

-

Subtotal

(5,866)

(24)

5,882

(8)

2,345

(99)

(2,172)

75

120

(11)

-

109

218

(17)

-

201

Premiums received for insurance contracts issued

70,125

-

-

70,125

68,436

-

-

68,436

Insurance acquisition cash flows

(5,562)

-

-

(5,562)

(5,214)

-

-

(5,214)

Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid,
including investment component

(68,034)

-

-

(68,034)

(59,011)

-

-

(59,011)

3

-

-

3

91

-

-

91

(85)

-

-

(85)

(491)

-

-

(491)

Changes that relate to past service
Changes in fulfillment cash flows relating to incurred claims
(changes in the liability for incurred claims)
Cash flows in the period

Deposits
Receivables and payables (net)

(3,553)

-

-

(3,553)

3,811

-

-

3,811

Finance income and expenses from insurance contracts (net)

Subtotal

46,591

67

606

47,263

(147,755)

(721)

544

(147,933)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

(4,042)

(70)

(361)

(4,472)

10,861

261

694

11,816

1

-

4

5

-

-

-

(281)

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group
Reclassification into assets of disposal groups classified as held for
sale

-

-

-

-

(262)

(2)

(17)

Other changes

(1,792)

13

(638)

(2,417)

(277)

(95)

69

(303)

Net insurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

628,839

4,817

53,818

687,474

597,021

5,357

53,382

655,760

Insurance contract assets as of 31 December
Insurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

(47)

-

-

(47)

(1)

-

-

(1)

628,886

4,817

53,818

687,521

597,022

5,357

53,382

655,761

1_As of 31 December 2023, the CSM is € 0.8 bn less due to a correction of the present value of non-attributable costs.

185

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Analysis by measurement component – contracts not measured under the PAA – Property-Casualty
€ mn

2023

2022

Present value of
future cash flows

Risk adjustment

CSM

-

-

-

Insurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

7,144

123

Net insurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

7,144

Insurance contract assets as of 1 January

Total

Present value of
future cash flows

Risk adjustment

CSM

-

-

-

-

-

1,172

8,438

9,667

139

1,351

11,157

123

1,172

8,438

9,667

139

1,351

11,157
(107)

Total

Changes that relate to current service
CSM recognized for the services provided

-

-

(109)

(109)

-

-

(107)

Change in RA, that does not relate to future or past service

-

(4)

-

(4)

-

(9)

-

(9)

Experience adjustments

234

-

-

234

246

-

-

246

Subtotal

234

(4)

(109)

120

246

(9)

(107)

130

(100)

7

92

-

172

(195)

23

5

Changes that relate to future service
Changes in estimates that adjust CSM
Changes in estimates that do not adjust CSM (losses on groups of
onerous contracts and reversals of such losses)

-

-

-

-

5

-

-

Effects of contracts initially recognized in the period

(88)

8

80

-

(93)

193

(100)

-

Subtotal

(187)

15

172

-

83

(2)

(76)

5

(13)

(21)

-

(34)

(101)

(6)

-

(107)

Premiums received for insurance contracts issued

670

-

-

670

675

-

-

675

Insurance acquisition cash flows

(104)

-

-

(104)

(98)

-

-

(98)

(1,435)

-

-

(1,435)

(1,421)

-

-

(1,421)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Receivables and payables (net)

(68)

-

-

(68)

(28)

-

-

(28)

Subtotal

Changes that relate to past service
Changes in fulfillment cash flows relating to incurred claims
(changes in the liability for incurred claims)
Cash flows in the period

Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid,
including investment component
Deposits

(938)

-

-

(938)

(872)

-

-

(872)

Finance income and expenses from insurance contracts (net)

393

4

1

397

(1,884)

(6)

-

(1,891)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

(2)

(1)

-

(3)

11

4

-

14

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group
Reclassification into assets of disposal groups classified as held for
sale
Other changes
Net insurance contract liabilities as of 31 December
Insurance contract assets as of 31 December
Insurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

186

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(2)

-

3

1

(6)

3

4

1

6,628

114

1,239

7,981

7,144

123

1,172

8,438

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

6,628

114

1,239

7,981

7,144

123

1,172

8,438

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Analysis by measurement component – contracts not measured under the PAA – Life/Health
€ mn

2023

2022

Present value of
future cash flows

Risk adjustment

CSM

(1)

-

-

Insurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

589,864

5,238

Net insurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

589,863

Insurance contract assets as of 1 January

Total

Present value of
future cash flows

Risk adjustment

CSM

(1)

-

-

-

-

52,227

647,329

718,219

6,464

58,052

782,735

5,238

52,227

647,328

718,219

6,464

58,052

782,735

Total

Changes that relate to current service
CSM recognized for the services provided

-

-

(4,967)

(4,967)

-

-

(5,043)

(5,043)

Change in RA, that does not relate to future or past service

-

(512)

-

(512)

-

(564)

-

(564)

Experience adjustments

249

-

-

249

51

-

-

51

Subtotal

249

(512)

(4,967)

(5,229)

51

(564)

(5,043)

(5,557)

(839)

(382)

1,220

-

7,232

(409)

(6,760)

62
7

Changes that relate to future service
Changes in estimates that adjust CSM1
Changes in estimates that do not adjust CSM (losses on groups of
onerous contracts and reversals of such losses)

(8)

-

-

(8)

7

-

-

Effects of contracts initially recognized in the period

(4,854)

339

4,515

-

(5,008)

317

4,691

-

Subtotal

(5,701)

(43)

5,735

(8)

2,231

(93)

(2,069)

70

142

13

-

155

318

(11)

-

306

Premiums received for insurance contracts issued

69,539

-

-

69,539

67,812

-

-

67,812

Insurance acquisition cash flows

(5,457)

-

-

(5,457)

(5,116)

-

-

(5,116)

Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid,
including investment component

(57,738)

Changes that relate to past service
Changes in fulfillment cash flows relating to incurred claims
(changes in the liability for incurred claims)
Cash flows in the period

(66,760)

-

-

(66,760)

(57,738)

-

-

Deposits

1

-

-

1

93

-

-

93

Receivables and payables (net)

(2)

-

-

(2)

(447)

-

-

(447)

(2,678)

-

-

(2,678)

4,603

-

-

4,603

Finance income and expenses from insurance contracts (net)

Subtotal

46,197

63

606

46,865

(145,875)

(715)

545

(146,045)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

(4,038)

(68)

(363)

(4,469)

10,850

257

694

11,801

1

-

4

5

-

-

-

(281)

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group
Reclassification into assets of disposal groups classified as held for
sale

-

-

-

-

(262)

(2)

(17)

Other changes

(1,827)

14

(641)

(2,454)

(272)

(98)

65

(305)

Net insurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

622,208

4,705

52,601

679,515

589,863

5,238

52,227

647,328

Insurance contract assets as of 31 December
Insurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

(47)

-

-

(47)

(1)

-

-

(1)

622,255

4,705

52,601

679,562

589,864

5,238

52,227

647,329

1_As of 31 December 2023, the CSM is € 0.8 bn less due to a correction of the present value of non-attributable costs.

187

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6.7 _ Movements in reinsurance contract balances
Analysis by remaining coverage and incurred claims – Allianz Group
€ mn

2023
Asset for remaining
coverage

2022

Asset for incurred claims
Contracts
not
measured
under the
PAA

Excluding
loss
recovery
component

Loss
recovery
component

Reinsurance contract assets as of 1 January

14,053

18

Reinsurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

(305)

-

Net reinsurance contract assets as of 1 January

13,749

Allocation of reinsurance premiums

Total

Asset for remaining
coverage

Asset for incurred claims
Contracts
not
measured
under the
PAA

Contracts measured under
the PAA
Present
value of
future cash
flows

Excluding
loss
recovery
component

Loss
recovery
component

Risk
adjustment

1,273

9,918

342

48

-

-

25,605

14,501

21

(257)

(76)

-

18

1,321

9,918

342

25,347

14,425

(9,548)

-

-

-

-

(9,548)

(520)

-

3,255

-

-

318

705

-

3,061

(13)

Total

Contracts measured under
the PAA
Present
value of
future cash
flows

Risk
adjustment

1,484

9,625

511

21

-

-

(55)

21

1,505

9,625

511

26,086

(8,165)

-

-

-

-

(8,165)

3,441

244

-

1,805

596

-

2,645

3,366

-

-

188

3,432

(178)

3,442

26,141

Amounts recoverable from reinsurers
Incurred claims recovered and other expenses recovered
Changes in the asset for incurred claims
Recoveries and reversals of recoveries of losses on onerous underlying
contracts

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(13)

-

-

-

(13)

(520)

-

3,573

3,766

(13)

6,806

244

(13)

1,993

4,028

(178)

6,074

(492)

-

488

4

-

-

(1,012)

-

849

164

-

-

Premiums paid, including amounts held in deposits

9,837

-

-

-

-

9,837

8,149

-

-

-

-

8,149

Amounts received

(280)

-

(4,085)

(4,033)

-

(8,398)

(360)

-

(2,861)

(3,327)

-

(6,548)

Deposits

422

-

(2)

155

-

576

2,220

-

(8)

141

-

2,354

Receivables and payables (net)

(324)

-

97

236

-

10

580

-

(20)

(438)

-

122

Subtotal

9,656

-

(3,990)

(3,641)

-

2,024

10,589

-

(2,888)

(3,625)

-

4,076

40

-

72

452

17

581

(2,010)

-

(173)

(695)

(20)

(2,898)

-

-

1

(8)

-

(7)

-

-

3

32

-

35

Foreign currency translation adjustments

(500)

-

(32)

(159)

(6)

(697)

813

-

72

(14)

13

884

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

(20)

-

(1)

47

1

27

(3)

-

-

10

-

8

Reclassification into assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale

37

-

(12)

(47)

-

(21)

77

-

56

107

1

240

Subtotal
Investment component
Cash flows in the period

Finance income and expenses from reinsurance contracts (net)
thereof effect of changes in the risk of reinsurers’ non-performance

Other changes

(98)

-

(46)

120

(7)

(31)

(1,210)

10

(92)

318

16

(958)

Net reinsurance contract assets as of 31 December

12,304

18

1,374

10,460

333

24,489

13,749

18

1,321

9,918

342

25,347

Reinsurance contract assets as of 31 December

12,544

18

1,362

10,462

333

24,719

14,053

18

1,273

9,918

342

25,605

Reinsurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

(240)

-

12

(2)

-

(231)

(305)

-

48

-

-

(257)

188

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Analysis by remaining coverage and incurred claims – Property-Casualty
€ mn

2023
Asset for remaining
coverage

Asset for incurred claims
Contracts
not
measured
under the
PAA

Excluding
loss
recovery
component

Loss
recovery
component

(859)

18

-

-

Net reinsurance contract assets as of 1 January

(859)

18

Allocation of reinsurance premiums

(6,360)

Reinsurance contract assets as of 1 January
Reinsurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

2022
Total

Asset for remaining
coverage

Asset for incurred claims
Contracts
not
measured
under the
PAA

Contracts measured under
the PAA
Present
value of
future cash
flows

Excluding
loss
recovery
component

Loss
recovery
component

Risk
adjustment

874

9,797

344

(19)

-

-

10,173

(1,588)

21

(19)

-

-

855

9,797

344

10,155

(1,588)

-

-

-

-

(6,360)

90

-

(32)

553

-

-

68

3,086

(13)

Total

Contracts measured under
the PAA
Present
value of
future cash
flows

Risk
adjustment

1,104

9,533

515

-

-

-

-

21

1,104

9,533

515

9,585

(5,760)

-

-

-

-

(5,760)

611

213

-

(6)

589

-

796

3,141

-

-

(199)

3,440

12

3,253

9,585

Amounts recoverable from reinsurers
Incurred claims recovered and other expenses recovered
Changes in the asset for incurred claims
Recoveries and reversals of recoveries of losses on onerous underlying
contracts

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(13)

-

-

-

(13)

90

-

36

3,639

(13)

3,752

213

(13)

(205)

4,028

12

4,035

(1)

-

-

1

-

-

(161)

-

-

161

-

0

Premiums paid, including amounts held in deposits

6,445

-

-

-

-

6,445

7,001

-

-

-

-

7,001

Amounts received

(91)

-

(91)

(3,893)

-

(4,074)

(212)

-

1

(3,323)

-

(3,534)

Deposits

105

-

-

155

-

261

(61)

-

-

136

-

75

Receivables and payables (net)

(67)

-

54

142

-

128

556

-

(54)

(464)

-

39

Subtotal

6,393

-

(37)

(3,595)

-

2,760

7,284

-

(53)

(3,651)

-

3,580

(4)

-

64

452

15

527

-

-

(148)

(705)

(20)

(873)

-

-

1

(8)

-

(7)

-

-

3

32

-

35

-

-

(27)

(161)

(7)

(194)

-

-

74

2

13

88

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

(18)

-

2

43

1

28

-

-

-

9

-

9

Reclassification into assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale

40

-

(10)

(42)

-

(11)

57

-

45

105

1

207

Subtotal
Investment component
Cash flows in the period

Finance income and expenses from reinsurance contracts (net)
thereof effect of changes in the risk of reinsurers’ non-performance
Foreign currency translation adjustments

Other changes

(25)

-

(27)

133

(7)

74

(904)

10

38

315

(177)

(717)

Net reinsurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

(745)

18

857

10,268

333

10,730

(859)

18

855

9,797

344

10,155

Reinsurance contract assets as of 31 December

(640)

18

875

10,270

333

10,855

(859)

18

874

9,797

344

10,173

Reinsurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

(105)

-

(18)

(2)

-

(125)

-

-

(19)

-

-

(19)

189

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Analysis by remaining coverage and incurred claims – Life/Health
€ mn

2023
Asset for remaining
coverage

2022

Asset for incurred claims
Contracts
not
measured
under the
PAA

Excluding
loss
recovery
component

Loss
recovery
component

Reinsurance contract assets as of 1 January

14,884

-

Reinsurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

(305)

-

Net reinsurance contract assets as of 1 January

14,579

Allocation of reinsurance premiums

Total

Asset for remaining
coverage

Asset for incurred claims
Contracts
not
measured
under the
PAA

Contracts measured under
the PAA
Present
value of
future cash
flows

Excluding
loss
recovery
component

Loss
recovery
component

Risk
adjustment

406

160

-

66

-

-

15,450

16,052

-

(239)

(76)

-

-

472

160

-

15,211

15,976

(3,271)

-

-

-

-

(3,271)

(610)

-

-

-

3,284

179

-

264

3

-

Total

Contracts measured under
the PAA
Present
value of
future cash
flows

Risk
adjustment

387

149

-

21

-

-

(55)

-

408

149

-

16,533

(2,499)

-

-

-

-

(2,499)

2,852

37

-

1,820

19

-

1,877

268

-

-

210

22

-

232

16,588

Amounts recoverable from reinsurers
Incurred claims recovered and other expenses recovered
Changes in the asset for incurred claims
Recoveries and reversals of recoveries of losses on onerous underlying
contracts

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(610)

-

3,548

182

-

3,120

37

-

2,030

41

-

2,109

(499)

-

496

3

-

-

(849)

-

847

3

-

-

Premiums paid, including amounts held in deposits

3,508

-

-

-

-

3,508

1,238

-

-

-

-

1,238

Amounts received

(189)

-

(4,008)

(193)

-

(4,391)

(154)

-

(2,885)

(40)

-

(3,080)

Deposits

315

-

(2)

-

-

314

2,281

-

(8)

-

-

2,274

Receivables and payables (net)

(249)

-

49

85

-

(114)

34

-

32

11

-

77

Subtotal

3,385

-

(3,960)

(108)

-

(683)

3,399

-

(2,861)

(29)

-

509

44

-

22

-

-

66

(2,010)

-

(25)

-

-

(2,036)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(499)

-

(5)

(1)

-

(504)

813

-

(2)

(1)

-

811

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

(1)

-

(3)

4

-

-

(3)

-

-

1

-

(2)

Reclassification into assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale

(2)

-

(2)

(5)

-

(10)

20

-

13

2

-

35

Other changes

(78)

-

(36)

(5)

-

(119)

(305)

-

62

(5)

-

(249)

Net reinsurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

13,047

-

532

230

-

13,810

14,579

-

472

160

-

15,211

Reinsurance contract assets as of 31 December

13,182

-

502

230

-

13,915

14,884

-

406

160

-

15,450

Reinsurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

(135)

-

30

-

-

(105)

(305)

-

66

-

-

(239)

Subtotal
Investment component
Cash flows in the period

Finance income and expenses from reinsurance contracts (net)
thereof effect of changes in the risk of reinsurers’ non-performance
Foreign currency translation adjustments

190

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Analysis by measurement component – contracts not measured under the PAA – Allianz Group
€ mn

2023

Reinsurance contract assets as of 1 January

2022

Present value of
future cash flows

Risk adjustment

CSM

12,274

1,302

1,976

Total

Present value of
future cash flows

Risk adjustment

CSM

Total

15,551

13,591

1,720

1,561

16,871

Reinsurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

(257)

-

-

(257)

(55)

-

-

(55)

Net reinsurance contract assets as of 1 January

12,017

1,302

1,976

15,294

13,535

1,720

1,561

16,816

Changes that relate to current service
CSM recognized for the services provided

-

-

(173)

(173)

-

-

(340)

(340)

Change in risk adjustment

-

(122)

-

(122)

-

(146)

-

(146)

Experience adjustments

2,295

-

-

2,295

19

-

-

19

Subtotal

2,295

(122)

(173)

2,000

19

(146)

(340)

(467)

295

(231)

(64)

-

(71)

(125)

206

9

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Effects of contracts initially recognized in the period

(155)

5

150

-

(430)

26

405

1

Subtotal

139

(226)

87

-

(501)

(99)

610

10

(37)

(7)

-

(45)

(92)

(12)

-

(104)

Premiums paid

1,143

-

-

1,143

1,118

-

-

1,118

Amounts received

(4,294)

-

-

(4,294)

(3,003)

-

-

(3,003)

Deposits

323

-

-

323

2,274

-

-

2,274

Receivables and payables (net)

(150)

-

-

(150)

113

-

-

113

(2,978)

-

-

(2,978)

502

-

-

502

24

24

75

123

(1,989)

(263)

70

(2,182)

Changes that relate to future service
Changes in estimates that adjust CSM
Changes in estimates that do not adjust CSM (loss recovery component)

Changes that relate to past service
Changes in the asset for incurred claims
Cash flows in the period

Subtotal
Finance income and expenses from reinsurance contracts (net)
thereof effect of changes in the risk of reinsurers’ non-performance

1

-

-

1

3

-

-

3

(425)

(32)

(54)

(511)

721

119

10

850

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

2

-

-

2

(3)

-

-

(3)

Reclassification into assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale

-

-

-

-

1

-

-

1

(18)

(2)

12

(8)

(177)

(17)

65

(129)

Net reinsurance contract assets as of 31 December

11,020

936

1,922

13,878

12,017

1,302

1,976

15,294

Reinsurance contract assets as of 31 December

11,145

936

1,922

14,003

12,274

1,302

1,976

15,551

Reinsurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

(125)

-

-

(125)

(257)

-

-

(257)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

Other changes

191

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Analysis by measurement component – contracts not measured under the PAA – Property-Casualty
€ mn

2023

2022

Present value of
future cash flows

Total

Present value of
future cash flows

Risk adjustment

CSM

Reinsurance contract assets as of 1 January

840

34

19

Risk adjustment

CSM

Total

893

1,058

41

(2)

1,097

Reinsurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

(19)

-

-

(19)

-

-

-

-

Net reinsurance contract assets as of 1 January

822

34

19

875

1,058

41

(2)

1,097

Changes that relate to current service
CSM recognized for the services provided

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Change in risk adjustment

-

(1)

-

(1)

-

(1)

-

(1)

Experience adjustments

123

-

-

123

(8)

-

-

(8)

Subtotal

123

(1)

-

122

(8)

(1)

-

(9)

Changes in estimates that adjust CSM

4

-

(4)

-

(2)

(1)

3

-

Changes in estimates that do not adjust CSM (loss recovery component)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(5)

2

3

-

(8)

2

5

-

-

2

(1)

-

(10)

2

9

-

(65)

(14)

-

(79)

(143)

(6)

-

(149)

Changes that relate to future service

Effects of contracts initially recognized in the period
Subtotal
Changes that relate to past service
Changes in the asset for incurred claims
Cash flows in the period
Premiums paid

6

-

-

6

7

-

-

7

(124)

-

-

(124)

8

-

-

8

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Receivables and payables (net)

47

-

-

47

23

-

-

23

Subtotal

(71)

-

-

(71)

37

-

-

37

52

3

-

56

(142)

(4)

-

(146)

Amounts received
Deposits

Finance income and expenses from reinsurance contracts (net)
thereof effect of changes in the risk of reinsurers’ non-performance

2

-

-

2

2

-

-

2

(26)

(1)

-

(27)

71

2

-

73

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

2

-

-

2

-

-

-

-

Reclassification into assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Other changes

-

-

-

-

(41)

-

13

(29)

Net reinsurance contract assets as of 31 December

838

23

18

879

822

34

19

875

Reinsurance contract assets as of 31 December

857

23

18

899

840

34

19

893

Reinsurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

(20)

-

-

(20)

(19)

-

-

(19)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

192

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Analysis by measurement component – contracts not measured under the PAA – Life/Health
€ mn

2023

Reinsurance contract assets as of 1 January

2022

Present value of
future cash flows

Risk adjustment

CSM

11,423

1,268

1,950

Total

Present value of
future cash flows

Risk adjustment

CSM

Total

14,641

12,518

1,679

1,569

15,766

Reinsurance contract liabilities as of 1 January

(239)

-

-

(239)

(55)

-

-

(55)

Net reinsurance contract assets as of 1 January

11,184

1,268

1,950

14,403

12,463

1,679

1,569

15,710

Changes that relate to current service
CSM recognized for the services provided

-

-

(182)

(182)

-

-

(345)

(345)

Change in risk adjustment

-

(121)

-

(121)

-

(145)

-

(145)

Experience adjustments

2,150

-

-

2,150

36

-

-

36

Subtotal

2,150

(121)

(182)

1,847

36

(145)

(345)

(454)

288

(234)

(55)

-

(70)

(124)

203

9

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

Effects of contracts initially recognized in the period

(153)

3

150

-

(415)

25

391

1

Subtotal

135

(230)

95

-

(485)

(99)

594

10

29

9

-

38

52

(8)

-

44

-

-

-

-

Changes that relate to future service
Changes in estimates that adjust CSM
Changes in estimates that do not adjust CSM (loss recovery component)

Changes that relate to past service
Changes in the asset for incurred claims
Cash flows in the period
Premiums paid

1,196

-

-

1,196

1,128

-

-

1,128

Amounts received

(4,182)

-

-

(4,182)

(3,034)

-

-

(3,034)

Deposits

313

-

-

313

2,274

-

-

2,274

Receivables and payables (net)

(170)

-

-

(170)

87

-

-

87

(2,842)

-

-

(2,842)

454

-

-

454

(29)

20

75

66

(1,847)

(259)

70

(2,036)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(399)

(31)

(53)

(483)

650

117

10

776

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

-

-

-

-

(3)

-

-

(3)

Reclassification into assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale

-

-

-

-

1

-

-

1

(18)

(2)

12

(9)

(136)

(17)

52

(100)

Net reinsurance contract assets as of 31 December

10,211

913

1,897

13,020

11,184

1,268

1,950

14,403

Reinsurance contract assets as of 31 December

10,316

913

1,897

13,125

11,423

1,268

1,950

14,641

Reinsurance contract liabilities as of 31 December

(105)

-

-

(105)

(239)

-

-

(239)

Subtotal
Finance income and expenses from reinsurance contracts (net)
thereof effect of changes in the risk of reinsurers’ non-performance
Foreign currency translation adjustments

Other changes

193

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6.8 _ Assets for insurance acquisition cash flows
Assets for insurance acquisition cash flows
€ mn

PropertyCasualty

Life/Health

Consolidation

Group

Balance as of 1 January 2022

1,215

8

-

1,222

Cash flows recognized as an asset during the year

3,713

43

-

3,756

Amounts derecognized on initial recognition of groups of insurance contracts

(3,658)

(1)

-

(3,659)

Impairment losses recognized during the year

(26)

(14)

-

(40)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

9

-

-

9

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

-

-

-

-

Other changes

6

-

-

6

Balance as of 31 December 2022

1,258

36

-

1,294

Balance as of 1 January 2023

1,258

36

-

1,294

Cash flows recognized as an asset during the year

3,975

5

-

3,980

Amounts derecognized on initial recognition of groups of insurance contracts

(3,844)

-

-

(3,845)
(4)

Impairment losses recognized during the year

(4)

-

-

Foreign currency translation adjustments

6

(1)

-

5

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

(3)

-

-

(3)

24

-

-

25

1,413

40

-

1,453

Other changes
Balance as of 31 December 2023

The following table sets out when the Allianz Group expects to
derecognize assets for insurance acquisition cash flows and include
them in the measurement of the group of insurance contracts to which
they are allocated:
Derecognition of assets for insurance acquisition cash flows
€ mn

As of 31 December

Up to 1 year

1 - 2 years

2 - 3 years

3 - 4 years

4 - 5 years

Over 5 years

Total

272

225

186

178

118

434

1,413

1

8

5

4

3

18

40

273

233

191

182

121

452

1,453

236

224

182

149

118

350

1,258

1

7

5

4

3

16

36

236

230

187

153

121

366

1,294

2023
Property-Casualty
Life/Health
Total
2022
Property-Casualty
Life/Health
Total

194

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6.9 _ Contracts initially recognized in
the period
The effects on the measurement components arising from contracts
initially recognized in the period which are not measured under the
PAA are summarized in the following tables.
No material groups of onerous contracts which are not measured
under the PAA were initially recognized in the periods ended
31 December 2023 and 2022, nor were material groups of contracts
not measured under the PAA were acquired.

€ mn

2023

2022

Claims and other insurance expenses payable

52,596

53,552

Insurance acquisition cash flows

4,835

2,670

Subtotal

57,431

56,222

(62,366)

(61,305)

Present value of future cash outflows

Risk adjustment
CSM

€ mn

2023

2022

Present value of future cash outflows

875

483

Present value of future cash inflows

(1,030)

(913)

Risk adjustment
CSM

5

26

150

405

6.10 _ CSM release projection

Insurance contracts initially recognized in the period – Allianz Group

Present value of future cash inflows

Reinsurance contracts initially recognized in the period – Allianz Group

346

506

4,589

4,577

The following table sets out when the Allianz Group expects to
recognize the remaining CSM in profit or loss after the reporting date
for contracts not measured under the PAA.
The pattern of recognition does not contain unwinding of
valuation rates and expected over-return of assets for contracts
measured using the VFA and interest accretion of the CSM arising from
unwind of locked-in rates for contracts using the building block
approach. Furthermore, the future CSM release will also include
amounts related to new contracts written in future periods.
Consequently, the CSM release projection should not be interpreted as
the CSM release expected for future periods.

CSM release projection
€ mn

Less than 1 year

1 – 2 years

2 – 3 years

3 – 4 years

4 – 5 years

5 – 10 years

10 – 20 years

Over 20 years

Insurance contracts issued

4,206

3,823

3,507

3,228

2,967

11,541

11,986

12,560

53,818

Reinsurance contracts held

(162)

(96)

(92)

(91)

(92)

(344)

(362)

(684)

(1,922)

Insurance contracts issued

4,051

3,689

3,396

3,134

2,894

11,451

13,238

11,530

53,382

Reinsurance contracts held

(160)

(83)

(79)

(78)

(78)

(300)

(588)

(611)

(1,976)

As of 31 December

Total

2023

2022

195

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6.11 _ Insurance revenue and CSM by
transition method
The following table sets out insurance revenue and the CSM per
transition approach.

Insurance revenue and CSM by transition method – Allianz Group
€ mn

2023

2022

Contracts measured
under the modified
retrospective
transition approach

Contracts measured
under the fair value
transition approach

New contracts and
contracts measured
under the full
retrospective
transition approach

Contracts measured
under the fair value
transition approach

New contracts and
contracts measured
under the full
retrospective
transition approach

Insurance revenue

15,855

3,380

72,016

Total

16,398

3,736

66,851

86,985

CSM as of 1 January

32,572

14,130

53,382

41,175

14,374

3,832

59,381

(2,649)

(1,319)

(1,089)

(5,057)

(2,823)

(1,386)

(908)

(5,117)

796
-

(9)

505

1,293

(6,427)

(40)

(282)

(6,749)

-

4,589

4,589

-

-

4,577

796

4,577

(9)

5,094

5,882

(6,427)

(40)

4,295

(2,172)

Total

Contracts measured
under the modified
retrospective
transition approach

91,251

6,680

Changes that relate to current service
CSM recognized for services provided
Changes that relate to future service
Changes in estimates that adjust CSM
Effects of contracts initially recognized in the period
Subtotal
Finance income and expenses from insurance contracts issued (net)

29

455

122

606

26

485

32

544

Foreign currency translation adjustments

97

(350)

(108)

(361)

156

672

(134)

694

Other changes

(32)

(313)

(289)

(634)

464

24

(436)

52

30,814

12,594

10,411

53,818

32,572

14,130

6,680

53,382

CSM as of 31 December

196

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

CSM by transition method – Allianz Group
€ mn

2023

2022

Contracts measured
under the modified
retrospective
transition approach

Contracts measured
under the fair value
transition approach

New contracts and
contracts measured
under the full
retrospective
transition approach

140

1,777

(21)

Contracts measured
under the fair value
transition approach

New contracts and
contracts measured
under the full
retrospective
transition approach

Total

75

1,430

56

1,561

(173)

(202)

(95)

(43)

(340)

(895)

(56)

118

164

(76)

206

150

150

-

-

405

405

768

(745)

95

118

164

329

610

4

76

(4)

75

3

161

(94)

70

(2)

(53)

1

(54)

(6)

5

11

10

(115)

(463)

581

4

152

112

(199)

65

77

2,019

(174)

1,922

140

1,777

59

1,976

Total

Contracts measured
under the modified
retrospective
transition approach

59

1,976

(86)

(66)

71

768

-

-

71

Finance income and expenses from reinsurance contracts held (net)
Foreign currency translation adjustments

CSM as of 1 January
Changes that relate to current service
CSM recognized for services provided
Changes that relate to future service
Changes in estimates that adjust CSM
Effects of contracts initially recognized in the period
Subtotal

Other changes
CSM as of 31 December

197

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6.12 _ Reconciliation of amounts
included in OCI for financial assets
measured at fair value through OCI
On transition to IFRS 17, the Allianz Group determined the cumulative
insurance finance income and expenses recognized in OCI using the
modified retrospective or the fair value transition approach for certain
groups of insurance contracts. Please refer to note 2 for further details.
The movement in the fair value reserve for financial assets
measured at fair value through OCI that are related to those groups of
contracts is presented below:
Reconciliation for contracts with direct participation features
€ mn

2023

2022
Total

PropertyCasualty

Life/Health

Total

(39,683)

223

34,494

34,717

15,728

15,790

(521)

(95,479)

(96,000)

7,929

7,929

(21)

(8,033)

(8,054)

(18)

(6,782)

(6,800)

160

29,428

29,588

-

(9)

(9)

-

66

66

(115)

(22,658)

(22,773)

(159)

(39,524)

(39,683)

PropertyCasualty

Life/Health

(159)

(39,524)

Gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income in the period

62

Amounts recognized in profit or loss and reassignment during the period

(0)

Related income tax

Balance as of 1 January

Foreign currency translation adjustments
Balance as of 31 December

Reconciliation for contracts without direct participation features
€ mn

2023

2022

PropertyCasualty

Life/Health

Total

PropertyCasualty

Life/Health

Total

Balance as of 1 January

(322)

(541)

(863)

270

1,340

1,609

Gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income in the period

180

445

625

(702)

(2,357)

(3,059)

Amounts recognized in profit or loss and reassignment during the period

20

(14)

6

(55)

(53)

(109)

Related income tax

(34)

(102)

(136)

161

530

691

Foreign currency translation adjustments

12

(1)

11

5

(1)

4

(144)

(213)

(357)

(322)

(541)

(863)

Balance as of 31 December

198

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6.13 _ Fair values of underlying items
Underlying items determine some of the amounts payable to
policyholders. They can comprise any items; for example, a reference
portfolio of assets, the net assets of the entity, or a specified subset of
the net assets of the entity.
The underlying items are determined from a single entity view, i.e.,
not from a consolidated Allianz Group view, and are based on the
specific contractual terms including applicable rules imposed by law
or regulation. This includes underlying items that are not solely
financial in nature, e.g., an entity’s profit based on local accounting
principles.
The composition of underlying items for contracts with direct
participation features and their fair values are disclosed in the
following table:
Fair values of underlying items
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022
Total

PropertyCasualty1

Life/Health

Total

110,551

2,011

112,475

114,486

283,644

290,502

7,141

269,365

276,506

12,466

12,491

21

13,446

13,466

139

12,501

12,640

110

10,815

10,926

Fixed assets of alternative investments

-

287

287

-

246

246

Derivatives

-

214

214

-

417

417

Financial assets for unit-linked contracts

-

112,707

112,707

-

102,894

102,894

PropertyCasualty1

Life/Health

Equities

1,925

108,625

Debt securities

6,859

Investment funds

25

Real estate

Other

2

633

634

64

204

267

Total

8,950

531,075

540,025

9,347

509,863

519,209

1_Consists mainly of the underlying items of the accident insurance with premium refunds.

199

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6.14 _ Sensitivity analysis
The following table sets out sensitivities for the Allianz Group’s
shareholders’ equity and shareholders’ net income, as well as the CSM
of the Life/Health business segment, reflecting relevant scenarios for
market risk and insurance risk.

Deriving these sensitivities requires complex and judgmental
valuations. Furthermore, market developments or insurance events
reflected in the scenarios would usually trigger management reactions
to balance the impact, reflecting the overall circumstances and the
variety of simultaneous sensitivities including cross effects. The impact
taking into account these reactions cannot be reasonably reflected in
a single number.

The sensitivities are thus calculating the theoretical impact of an
instantaneous shock at the end of the reporting period. They do not
fully take into account all management actions and indirect effects,
such as changes in the asset allocation.
Consequently, the shareholders’ net income sensitivity should not
be interpreted as a comprehensive reflection of the respective
scenarios.

Sensitivity analysis
As of 31 December

2023
Shareholders'
equity

Shareholders'
net income

CSM1
52,601

Allianz Group
Base amount

€ mn

58,477

8,541

Equity markets up by 30 %

%

4

12

5

Equity markets down by 30 %

%

(4)

(14)

(5)

Interest rates up by 0.5 %

%

(0.5) - 0

(0.5) - 0

(1)

Interest rates down by 0.5 %

%

0 - 0.5

(0.5) - 0

0 - 0.5

Credit spread on government bonds up by 0.5 %

%

(1)

(0.5) - 0

(1)

Credit spread on non-government bonds up by 0.5 %

%

(1)

(0.5) - 0

(1)

%

(1)

(7)

%

(0.5) - 0

(1)

Property-Casualty
1 in 10 years natural catastrophe excess loss
Life/Health
Lapse rates up by 10 %

(3)

1_CSM sensitivities are presented for the Life/Health business segment only.

200

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6.15 _ Claims development

the ultimate loss (based on estimates) is exposed to fluctuations that
reflect the increase in knowledge regarding the loss cases.
It is important to highlight that the following triangles, which show
only figures of the Property-Casualty business segment, follow
different accounting standards on the disclosure of the payments, loss
reserves, and ultimate losses.
Calendar years 2021 and prior are disclosed according to IFRS 4,
meaning that the overall development of loss reserves considers
undiscounted non-annuities and discounted annuities.
Calendar years 2022 and onward are disclosed according to
IFRS 17, hence loss development by accident year is fully on an
undiscounted basis (for both annuities and non-annuities). A full
reconciliation of the undiscounted reserves disclosed in below
triangles to the net liabilities for incurred claims (LIC) is presented in
the second table below. It should be noted, that a simplified approach

The loss triangle is a tabular representation of loss-related data (such
as payments, loss reserves, ultimate losses) in two time-related
dimensions. One of these is the calendar year, the other is the accident
year (year of loss occurrence). Loss triangles – as the basis for
measuring loss reserves – express how the loss reserves change over
the course of time due to payments made and new estimates of the
expected ultimate loss at the respective reporting date.
The ultimate loss of an accident year comprises all payments
made for that accident year up to the reporting date, plus the loss
reserves at the reporting date. Given complete information regarding
all losses incurred up to the reporting date, the ultimate loss for each
accident-year period would remain unchanged. In practice, however,

has been used for the calendar year 2022 loss development. While the
first disclosure of calendar year 2022 followed IFRS 4 accounting, the
below restated calendar year 2022 loss developments are disclosed
according to IFRS 17. The simplified approach adopted relies on the
split by accident year of the undiscounted IFRS 4 reserves, applied on
the IFRS 17 undiscounted reserves underlying the financial year 2023
opening balance sheet.
The data is only presented on a net basis, as this is considered to
be more meaningful in order to represent the retained impact on
Group results. The loss triangles are not prepared on a currencyadjusted basis. This means all figures are translated from the
respective local currency into the Allianz Group presentation currency
(euro), consistently using the exchange rates applicable at the
respective reporting date. This ensures that the reserves reconcile with
reserves in the consolidated balance sheet.

Loss payments for the individual accident years (per calendar year, net)
€ mn

Accident year
Calendar year

2014
and prior

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2014

28,702

2015

13,740

16,291

2016

7,065

7,929

16,409

2017

4,006

2,261

7,842

16,669

2018

3,668

1,119

2,484

7,976

17,084

2019

2,251

788

1,044

2,753

8,524

18,105

2020

1,654

584

938

1,278

2,883

8,818

17,104

2021

1,415

379

639

770

1,329

3,054

7,552

18,587

2022

2023

Total
28,702
30,031
31,403
30,778
32,330
33,465
33,258
33,726

Change to IFRS 17
2022

1,143

373

450

674

1,120

1,423

2,758

8,875

21,431

2023

1,177

216

362

429

760

988

1,106

2,529

10,856

201

38,246
22,616

41,039

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses for the individual accident years at the respective reporting date (net)
€ mn

Accident year
Calendar year

2014
and prior

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2014

55,619

2015

41,133

16,358

2016

32,555

7,991

16,708

2017

25,880

5,407

8,454

16,573

2018

21,413

4,114

5,424

8,327

17,081

2019

18,744

3,413

4,403

6,049

8,751

18,762

2020

16,649

2,642

3,466

4,387

5,873

9,646

19,294

2021

15,346

2,246

2,837

3,720

4,942

6,939

10,708

19,081

2022

2023

Total
55,619
57,492
57,254
56,314
56,358
60,122
61,958
65,821

Change to IFRS 17
2022

15,721

2,034

2,518

3,222

3,896

5,680

7,675

9,646

21,106

2023

14,595

1,709

2,145

2,588

2,983

4,568

5,669

6,544

10,035

Effect of discounting

71,499
24,290

75,126
(10,266)

Risk adjustment

1,469

Receivables/Payables/Deposits/Other

1,361

Net liability for incurred claims

67,690

thereof liability for incurred claims

79,148

thereof asset for incurred claims

(11,458)

202

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Ultimate loss for the individual accident years at the respective reporting date (net)
€ mn

Accident year
Calendar year

2014
and prior

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2014

84,321

2015

83,576

32,649

2016

82,063

32,211

33,116

2017

79,393

31,888

32,705

33,242

2018

78,593

31,713

32,158

32,972

34,165

2019

78,176

31,801

32,182

33,447

34,358

36,867

2020

77,735

31,613

32,183

33,063

34,363

36,570

36,398

2021

77,847

31,596

32,193

33,167

34,762

36,917

35,364

37,668

2022

2023

Total

Change to IFRS 17
2022

79,366

31,757

32,323

33,342

34,835

37,080

35,090

37,107

42,537

2023

79,416

31,648

32,313

33,137

34,682

36,956

34,189

36,534

42,323

46,906

408,104

Calendar year insurance revenue and ultimate loss ratios for the individual accident years at the respective reporting date (net)
Insurance
revenue

Accident year
2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

%

€ mn

Change to IFRS 17
2022

63,963

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

66.5

2023

68,757

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

66.2

The loss ratio presented above deviates from the reported loss ratio
because the ultimate loss in the table above is based on the sum of the
payments plus the loss reserves, not the incurred loss as stated in the
consolidated income statement. This means that effects like changes

203

68.2

in consolidated subsidiaries and foreign currency translation are
presented differently, while other effects (as e.g. discounting, risk
adjustment) are fully excluded from above loss ratio triangle.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

6.16 _ Concentration of insurance risk
As of 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Allianz Group’s present value
of future cash flows and risk adjustment, both excluding incurred
claims liabilities, for the business segment Life/Health are summarized
per reportable segment as follows:
Concentration of insurance risk in the Life/Health business segment per reportable segment
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Present value of
future cash flows1,2

Risk adjustment1

German Speaking Countries and Central & Eastern Europe

309,689

Western & Southern Europe
Asia Pacific
USA
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Iberia & Latin America, Middle East and Africa
Consolidation and Other
Total

Total

Present value of
future cash flows1,2

Risk adjustment1

Total

1,358

311,048

293,349

1,384

294,732

138,541

946

139,487

130,972

1,041

132,013

20,276

678

20,955

19,517

627

20,144

141,300

1,560

142,860

133,077

2,024

135,102

4,551

118

4,670

6,358

143

6,501

189

(14)

175

236

(25)

212

614,547

4,647

619,194

583,510

5,194

588,704

1_Excluding liability for incurred claims.
2_Including liability for remaining coverage of contracts measured under the PAA, receivables, payables, and deposits.

Further risk disclosure requirements of IFRS 17 in connection with
IFRS 7 are reflected in the following sections of the Risk and
Opportunity Report within the Group Management Report and are
therefore an integrated part of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements:
−
−
−

“Internal risk capital framework”,
“Risk-based steering and risk management”,
Underwriting risk in the section “Quantifiable risks and
opportunities by risk category”.

204

6.17 _ Credit risk

6.18 _ Liquidity risk

The Allianz Group’s reinsurance contract assets were mainly
distributed among reinsurers that had been assigned an investmentgrade rating.
Further credit risk disclosure requirements of IFRS 17 are reflected
in the section “Quantifiable risks and opportunities by risk category” of
the Risk and Opportunity Report within the Group Management
Report and are therefore an integrated part of the notes to the
consolidated financial statements.

A description of how the Allianz Group manages the liquidity risk
arising from contracts within the scope of IFRS 17 is reflected in the
section “Risk-based steering and risk management” of the Risk and
Opportunity Report within the Group Management Report and is
therefore an integrated part of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.
The following table provides a maturity analysis of the Allianz
Group’s insurance contracts based on the remaining contractual
undiscounted net cash flows. Liabilities for remaining coverage for
contracts measured under the PAA have been excluded from this
analysis.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Analysis of the maturitites of the remaining undiscounted net cash flows of portfolios of insurance contracts issued
€ mn

As of 31 December

2 - 3 years

3 - 4 years

Over 5
years

Up to 1 year

1 - 2 years

4 - 5 years

Total

Property-Casualty

20,568

14,098

8,980

6,064

4,312

23,219

77,242

Life/Health

33,460

36,559

37,139

37,433

37,693

1,035,432

1,217,717

Total

54,028

50,658

46,119

43,496

42,005

1,058,652

1,294,958

Property-Casualty

20,549

13,450

8,567

5,785

4,114

22,152

74,617

Life/Health

26,697

28,737

30,713

30,930

31,499

966,052

1,114,627

Total

47,246

42,187

39,280

36,715

35,612

988,203

1,189,244

2023

2022

The amounts from insurance contract liabilities that are payable on
demand and the carrying amounts of the related portfolios of
contracts are set out below:
Amounts payable on demand
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023
Amount payable on
demand

Direct participating contracts

288,981

Indirect participating contracts
Investment contracts with DPF

2022
Carrying amount

Amount payable on
demand

Carrying amount

326,581

286,279

311,670

10,159

10,387

9,707

9,525

108,027

102,866

109,699

100,200

Other non-participating insurance contracts

130,084

134,406

121,650

122,714

Total

537,251

574,240

527,336

544,109

205

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

7 _ NOTES TO FINANCIAL OPERATIONS
7.1 _ Net investment income
Net investment income
€ mn

2023

2022

Interest result

25,386

24,801

Realized gains/losses (net)

(5,518)

959

Valuation result

6,509

(36,392)

Investment expenses

(1,849)

(1,919)

Total

24,528

(12,550)

206

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Net investment income by measurement categories
€ mn

Other investments
Financial instruments

according to IAS 28

according to IAS 40

according to IAS 16

Fair value through
profit or loss

Fair value through
other
comprehensive
income

Amortized cost

Associates and joint
ventures

Real estate

Alternative
investments1

4,223

19,064

375

166

1,241

619

947

-

26,635

-

-

-

-

-

-

(243)

(1,006)

(1,249)

4,223

19,064

375

166

1,241

619

704

(1,006)

25,386

Other

Financial
liabilities

Total

2023
Interest result
Interest income and similar income
Interest expenses
Subtotal
Realized gains/losses (net)
Realized gains

-

581

-

131

60

-

35

-

807

Realized losses

-

(6,079)

-

(244)

(1)

-

(1)

-

(6,325)

Subtotal

-

(5,498)

-

(113)

59

-

34

-

(5,518)

-

220

(7)

-

-

-

-

-

213

Impairments

-

-

-

(41)

(75)

(32)

(64)

-

(212)

Reversal of impairment

-

-

-

-

1

56

-

-

57

Subtotal

-

-

-

(41)

(74)

24

(64)

-

(155)

Income from derivatives

2,150

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

2,150

Valuation result on investments
measured at fair value through profit or
loss

(177)

-

-

(1,317)

(2,471)

-

(6)

(343)

(4,315)

-

-

-

-

-

-

(1,980)

-

(1,980)
10,594

Valuation result
Expected credit loss allowance
Impairments (net)

Foreign currency gains/losses
Investment result from unit-linked assets
(net)
Subtotal
Investment expenses
Total

-

-

-

-

-

-

10,594

-

1,973

220

(7)

(1,358)

(2,546)

24

8,544

(343)

6,509

-

-

-

-

(419)

(374)

(1,056)

-

(1,849)

6,196

13,786

368

(1,304)

(1,664)

268

8,226

(1,349)

24,528

1_Mainly investments in wind parks.

207

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Net investment income by measurement categories (continued)
€ mn

Other investments
Financial instruments

according to IAS 28

according to IAS 40

according to IAS 16

Fair value through
profit or loss

Fair value through
other
comprehensive
income

Amortized cost

Associates and joint
ventures

Real estate

Alternative
investments1

5,103

18,106

119

105

1,243

697

-

-

-

-

-

-

5,103

18,106

119

105

1,243

697

Financial
liabilities

Total

269

-

25,643

(141)

(700)

(841)

127

(700)

24,801

Other

2022
Interest result
Interest income and similar income
Interest expenses
Subtotal
Realized gains/losses (net)
Realized gains

-

4,744

1

924

107

-

114

-

5,889

Realized losses

-

(4,616)

(25)

(127)

(9)

-

(153)

-

(4,930)

Subtotal

-

128

(25)

798

98

-

(40)

-

959

-

(490)

(5)

-

-

-

-

-

(495)

Impairments

-

-

-

(27)

(21)

(46)

(446)

-

(539)

Reversal of impairment

-

-

-

-

24

22

11

-

57

Subtotal

-

-

-

(27)

4

(24)

(435)

-

(482)

Income from derivatives

(18,609)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(18,609)

Valuation result on investments
measured at fair value through profit or
loss

(5,126)

-

-

479

(563)

-

(13)

207

(5,015)

-

-

-

-

-

-

3,728

-

3,728

Valuation result
Expected credit loss allowance
Impairments (net)

Foreign currency gains/losses
Investment result from unit-linked assets
(net)
Subtotal
Investment expenses
Total

-

-

-

-

-

-

(15,517)

-

(15,517)

(23,736)

(490)

(5)

452

(559)

(24)

(12,237)

207

(36,392)

-

-

-

-

(397)

(389)

(1,133)

-

(1,919)

(18,632)

17,743

90

1,355

385

284

(13,282)

(493)

(12,550)

1_Mainly investments in wind parks.

208

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

7.2 _ Investments
7.2.2.1 Debt investments
Debt investments – Fair value

Investments

€ mn

€ mn

As of 31 December

Gross
carrying
amount

Unrealized
gains

Unrealized
losses

Accrued
interest

Fair value

Government bonds

203,719

4,047

(28,096)

2,204

181,875

Corporate bonds

210,450

2,105

(22,008)

2,429

192,976

22,437

Covered bonds

44,338

1,074

(3,141)

579

42,850

23,924

25,861

ABS/MBS

27,459

104

(1,873)

269

25,959

2,854

2,433

Loans

81,943

309

(6,206)

208

76,255

721,802

690,991

Alternative debt

13,534

51

(1,350)

79

12,314

Other

2,319

29

62

43

2,453

Total

583,763

7,719

(62,612)

5,811

534,681

Government bonds

210,925

2,428

(38,048)

1,838

177,143

Corporate bonds

214,270

678

(32,918)

2,427

184,456

Covered bonds

46,859

818

(4,498)

679

43,858

ABS/MBS

27,202

56

(2,504)

243

24,996

Loans

78,498

73

(8,167)

174

70,578

Alternative debt

13,542

25

(1,911)

82

11,738

Other

2,807

9

(6)

62

2,872

Total

594,101

4,087

(88,052)

5,504

515,641

2023

2022

Investments measured at fair value through profit
or loss1

102,316

87,498

Investments measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income2

562,693

544,892

8,829

7,870

Investments measured at amortized cost3
Investments in associates and joint ventures
Real estate held for investment

5

Fixed assets from alternative investments
Total

4

21,187

1_Includes derivative financial instruments of € 15,114 mn (2022: € 9,547 mn).
2_As of 31 December 2023, fair value and gross carrying amount with a contractual life of less
than one year amounted to € 47,371 mn (2022: € 47,139 mn) and € 44,317 mn (2022:
€ 47,472 mn), respectively.
3_As of 31 December 2023, fair value and gross carrying amount with a contractual life of less
than one year amounted to € 2,803 mn (2022: € 2,763 mn) and € 2,771 (2022: € 2,760 mn),
respectively.
4_Includes investments in associates and joint ventures accounted for using the equity method of
€ 3,014 mn (2022: € 2,100 mn).
5_Consists of real estate held for investment measured at fair value of € 21,208 mn (2022:
€ 23,314 mn) and measured at amortized cost of € 2,716 mn (2022: € 2,546 mn).

209

31 December 2023

31 December 2022

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Reconciliation of gross carrying amount and expected credit loss per stage as of 31 December 2023 and 2022
€ mn

12-month
Gross carrying
amount
1 January 2023

583,975

Additions
Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group
Changes in models and risk parameters and due to modifications
Matured or sold

Lifetime, but not credit impaired

Expected credit loss

Gross carrying
amount

420

7,022

154,522

75

(1,282)

(23)

Credit impaired1

Expected credit loss

Gross carrying
amount

220

3,104

1,234

3

21

(1)

Total

Expected credit loss

Gross carrying
amount

Expected credit loss

796

594,101

1,436

108

27

155,864

106

(1)

(2)

(1,262)

(26)

-

1

-

2

-

(3)

-

-

(154,149)

(80)

(2,146)

(108)

(1,267)

(315)

(157,562)

(503)

Reclassification into non-current assets and assets of disposal
groups classified as held for sale

(92)

2

(76)

-

142

(8)

(26)

(5)

Transfer to 12-month

2,809

16

(2,809)

(87)

-

-

-

(71)

Transfer to lifetime, but not credit impaired

(3,184)

(19)

3,184

200

-

-

-

181

(266)

(2)

(61)

(5)

326

88

-

81

Write-offs

-

-

-

-

(6)

6

(6)

7

Amortization

297

(51)

163

17

1

(50)

461

(84)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

(4,246)

(25)

(178)

(22)

(103)

(38)

(4,527)

(84)

Other changes

(3,444)

34

55

31

109

23

(3,280)

88

31 December 2023

574,940

349

6,409

253

2,415

524

583,763

1,125

1 January 2022

567,613

410

24,048

417

157

17

591,818

843

Additions

166,491

118

44,450

7

64

2

211,005

127

(493)

(1)

(12)

-

-

-

(505)

-

5

(1)

-

(1)

-

32

5

30

(49,063)

(99)

(682)

(212)

(216,536)

(386)

Transfer to credit impaired

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group
Changes in models and risk parameters and due to modifications
Matured or sold

(166,791)

(75)

Reclassification into non-current assets and assets of disposal
groups classified as held for sale

(1,987)

(11)

(214)

(5)

163

-

(2,037)

(16)

Transfer to 12-month

16,123

48

(16,083)

(511)

(41)

(5)

-

(468)

Transfer to lifetime, but not credit impaired

(10,801)

(48)

10,844

1,103

(44)

(3)

-

1,053

(797)

(20)

(1,841)

(620)

2,638

686

-

46

Write-offs

-

2

-

17

-

25

-

44

Amortization

546

(21)

800

(158)

10

155

1,356

(24)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

11,254

10

259

65

216

5

11,730

80

Other changes

2,812

9

(6,168)

6

623

93

(2,733)

108

583,975

420

7,022

220

3,104

796

594,101

1,436

Transfer to credit impaired

31 December 2022
1_Also includes purchased or originated credit-impaired assets.

210

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

The following table presents the gross carrying amount per investment
grade and stage:
Gross carrying amount per investment grade
€ mn

12-month

Lifetime,
but not
credit
impaired

Credit
impaired

Purchased
or
originated
credit
impaired

AAA

90,458

-

-

-

90,458

AA

138,786

-

-

-

138,786

A

132,106

-

-

-

132,106

BBB

159,572

-

-

-

159,572

Non-investment grade

21,303

5,017

2,021

192

28,534

Not rated

32,714

1,392

201

-

34,307

Total

574,940

6,409

2,223

192

583,763

AAA

113,956

-

-

-

113,956

AA

144,976

-

-

-

144,976

A

141,735

-

-

-

141,735

BBB

163,849

-

-

-

163,849

Non-investment grade

16,124

6,437

2,083

178

24,822

Not rated

3,336

585

810

34

4,764

583,975

7,022

2,892

212

594,101

Total

As of 31 December 2023

As of 31 December 2022

Total

7.2.2.2 Equity investments designated at fair value
through OCI
Equity investments designated at fair value through OCI
€ mn

As of 31 December
Listed shares
Non-redeemable preferred shares

2023

2022

21,491

21,205

316

262

Unlisted shares

2,333

2,114

Infrastucture

1,679

1,714

Other

1,085

1,334

Total

26,904

26,628

211

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the dividend income for equity
investments designated at fair value through OCI without recycling
amounted to € 863 mn (2022: € 1,132 mn), thereof € 193 mn (2022:
€ 514 mn) for derecognized investments. The fair value of these
derecognized instruments was € 8,705 mn (2022: € 25,761 mn). The
Allianz Group realized a loss of € 229 mn for the year ended
31 December 2023 (2022: a gain of € 6,021 mn).
Disposals of equity investments are driven by overall risk
management considerations including sensitivity considerations as
well as changed market conditions such as higher interest rate levels.
Equity investments are held by insurance-focused Allianz entities to
diversify the portfolios and to take advantage of expected long-term
returns.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Government bonds and loans measured at amortized cost are held by
banking entities, for which IFRS 9 allows the valuation “at amortized
costs” due to their business model.
Investments measured at amortized cost – Fair value

Reconciliation of gross carrying amount and expected credit loss as of
31 December 2023 and 2023

€ mn

€ mn

Gross
carrying
amount

Unrealized
gains

Unrealized
losses

Accrued
interest

Fair value

Government bonds

4,589

21

-

-

4,610

Corporate bonds

42

-

-

-

42

Covered bonds

-

-

-

-

-

ABS/MBS

-

-

-

-

-

Changes in the
consolidated
subsidiaries of the
Allianz Group

2023
Gross
carrying
amount1
As of 1 January
Additions

As of 31 December 2023

Loans

4,120

-

(2)

33

4,151

Other debt

92

-

-

-

92

Other

13

-

-

-

13

Total

8,856

21

(2)

33

8,908

Changes in models
and risk parameters
and due to
modifications

Government bonds

3,934

-

(20)

2

3,915

Matured or sold

Corporate bonds

27

-

(6)

-

21

Covered bonds

-

-

-

-

-

As of 31 December 2022

ABS/MBS

-

-

-

-

-

3,927

-

-

10

3,936

Other debt

27

-

-

-

27

Other

15

-

-

-

15

Total

7,930

-

(26)

12

7,915

Loans

2022
Expected
credit loss2

Gross
carrying
amount1

Expected
credit loss2

7,930

72

5,427

77

2,619

13

3,101

10

(5)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

(1,725)

(9)

(476)

(8)

Reclassification into
non-current assets
and assets of
disposal groups
classified as held for
sale

(6)

-

(61)

-

Write-offs

(2)

-

-

-

Amortization

32

-

-

-

Foreign currency
translation
adjustments

-

-

(1)

-

Other changes

12

(14)

(60)

(6)

8,856

61

7,930

72

As of 31 December

1_Consists mainly of financial instruments in stage “12-month”.
2_Consists mainly of financial instruments in stages “12-month” and “credit impaired”.

As of 31 December 2023, loans to associates and joint ventures
amounted to € 2,582 mn (2022: € 2,363 mn), with interest received of
€ 145 mn (2022: € 141 mn).

212

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Associates and joint ventures
€ mn

2023

2022

Share of earnings

166

105

Share of other comprehensive income

14

(167)

Share of total comprehensive income

180

(61)

Fixed assets from alternative investments

Real estate held for investment

€ mn

€ mn

Measured at amortized
cost

Measured at fair value
2023

2022

2023

2022

Cost as of 1 January

4,183

4,036

2023

2022

Accumulated depreciation as of 1 January

(1,750)

(1,563)

Cost as of 1 January

3,674

3,798

Carrying amount as of 1 January

2,433

2,473

Accumulated depreciation as of 1 January

(1,128)

(1,164)

Additions

586

175

Carrying amount as of 1 January

2,546

2,634

23,314

22,771

Additions

300

91

1,132

1,802

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the
Allianz Group

(3)

-

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

67

50

-

68

Disposals

2

(1)

Disposals and reclassifications into non-current assets and assets of disposal groups classified as held for
sale

(64)

(167)

(1,210)

(1,219)

Reclassifications

(48)

(62)

67
177

Reclassifications from / into non-current assets and
assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale

15

-

101

Foreign currency translation adjustments

(14)

(8)

290

Foreign currency translation adjustments

47

58

Depreciation

(193)

(182)

Depreciation

(57)

(60)

Impairments

(32)

(46)

Impairments

(75)

(21)

Reversals of impairments

59

22

1

24

Carrying amount as of 31 December

2,854

2,433

Accumulated depreciation as of 31 December

(1,900)

(1,750)

Cost as of 31 December

4,752

4,183

Reversals of impairments
Changes in fair value
Other changes
Carrying amount as of 31 December

2,716

2,546

Accumulated depreciation as of 31 December

(1,236)

(1,128)

Cost as of 31 December

3,952

3,674

213

(2,287)

(498)

16

-

21,208

23,314

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

7.3 _ Financial liabilities
Certificated and subordinated liabilities
€ mn

As of 31 December

Financial liabilities
€ mn

As of 31 December

Senior bonds
2023

2022

Money market securities
Fair value hedge effects related to certificated liabilities

Financial liabilities measured at fair value
through profit or loss

Total certificated liabilities1

Mandatory at fair value through profit or loss

Up to 1 year

1 - 5 years

Over 5 years

2023

2022

303

3,478

3,641

7,423

8,132

1,103

-

-

1,103

1,123

-

-

(119)

(119)

(130)

1,407

3,478

3,522

8,407

9,126
12,145

Subordinated bonds

-

-

12,763

12,763

Derivatives

10,194

6,586

Subordinated loans2

-

-

45

45

45

Puttable instruments

2,441

2,408

Fair value hedge effects related to subordinated liabilities

-

(71)

-

(71)

(101)

Subtotal

12,636

8,994

Total subordinated liabilities3

-

(71)

12,808

12,738

12,089

47

-

12,683

8,994

Designated at fair value through profit or loss
Subtotal1
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
Liabilities to banks

8,838

8,283

Liabilities to customers

11,343

10,936

Certificated liabilities

8,407

9,126

Subordinated liabilities

12,738

12,089

Other

2,273

1,882

Subtotal2

43,599

42,316

56,282

51,310

Total

1_As of 31 December 2023, includes accrued interest of € 80 mn (2022: € 79 mn).
2_Relates to subordinated loans issued by subsidiaries.
3_As of 31 December 2023, includes accrued interest of € 185 mn (2022: € 149 mn).

1_Consists of puttable instruments and financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit
or loss due within one year of € 1,866 mn (2022: € 1,656 mn), 1-5 years of € 41 mn (2022: € 9 mn),
and over 5 years of € 581 mn (2022: € 742 mn). Information on the maturity of the derivatives
can be found in note 7.4.
2_Consists of financial liabilities measured at amortized cost due within one year of € 16,934 mn
(2022: € 15,846 mn), 1-5 years of € 7,465 mn (2022: € 7,051 mn), and over 5 years of € 19,200 mn
(2022: € 19,419 mn).

214

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Outstanding bonds issued or guaranteed by Allianz SE as of 31 December 2023
mn

ISIN

Year of issue

Currency

Notional amount

Coupon in %

Maturity date

DE000A3KY367

2021

EUR

300

3-months Euribor
+100 bps

22 November 2024
14 January 2025

Certificated liabilities
Allianz Finance II B.V., Amsterdam

DE000A28RSQ8

2020

EUR

500

Non-interest
bearing

DE000A2RWAX4

2019

EUR

750

0.875

15 January 2026
22 November 2026
6 December 2027

DE000A3KY342

2021

EUR

700

Non-interest
bearing

DE000A19S4V6

2017

EUR

750

0.875

DE000A1HG1K6

2013

EUR

750

3.000

13 March 2028

DE000A2RWAY2

2019

EUR

750

1.500

15 January 2030

DE000A28RSR6

2020

EUR

750

0.500

14 January 2031

DE000A180B80

2016

EUR

750

1.375

21 April 2031

DE000A3KY359

2021

EUR

500

0.500

22 November 2033

DE000A1HG1L4

2013

GBP

750

4.500

13 March 2043

DE000A30VTT8

2022

EUR

1,250

4.597

7 September 2038

DE000A14J9N8

2015

EUR

1,500

2.241

7 July 2045

DE000A2DAHN6

2017

EUR

1,000

3.099

6 July 2047

XS1556937891

2017

USD

600

5.100

30 January 2049

Subordinated liabilities
Allianz SE, Munich

215

DE000A2YPFA1

2019

EUR

1,000

1.301

25 September 2049

DE000A254TM8

2020

EUR

1,000

2.121

8 July 2050

DE000A30VJZ6

2022

EUR

1,250

4.252

5 July 2052

DE000A351U49

2023

EUR

1,250

5.824

25 July 2053

US018820AC48/
USX10001AC35

2023

USD

1,000

6.350

6 September 2053

DE000A13R7Z7

2014

EUR

1,500

3.375

Perpetual

XS1485742438

2016

USD

1,500

3.875

Perpetual

DE000A289FK7

2020

EUR

1,250

2.625

Perpetual

US018820AA81/
USX10001AA78

2020

USD

1,250

3.500

Perpetual

DE000A3E5TR0

2021

EUR

1,250

2.600

Perpetual

US018820AB64/
USX10001AB51

2021

USD

1,250

3.200

Perpetual

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

7.4 _ Derivative financial instruments
Derivatives which form part of hedge accounting relationships or are
used as freestanding derivatives are included in the line items
investments and financial liabilities, respectively. The following two
tables show the fair values and the notional amounts of all freestanding

derivatives and all derivatives for which hedge accounting is applied by
the Allianz Group, as of 31 December 2023. The notional principal
amounts indicated in the tables are cumulative, as they include the
absolute value of the notional principal amounts of derivatives with
positive and negative fair values. Although these notional principal
amounts reflect the degree of the Allianz Group’s involvement in

derivative transactions, they do not represent amounts exposed to risk.
Further information on the use of derivatives to hedge risk can be found
in the sections on market and credit risk of the Risk and Opportunity
Report, which forms part of the Group Management Report.

Freestanding derivative financial instruments per instrument type
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Up to 1 year

1 - 5 years

Over 5 years

Notional
principal
amounts

Assets

Liabilities

Notional
principal
amounts

Interest rate contracts

24,193

26,001

53,496

103,689

703

(658)

108,655

946

(679)

Equity/index contracts

204,242

26,098

9,008

239,347

12,366

(7,959)

209,800

5,206

(4,061)

Foreign exchange contracts

(530)

Maturity by notional amount

Assets

Liabilities

114,820

53

-

114,872

1,500

(481)

120,417

2,654

Other

650

28,336

220

29,206

240

(141)

15,311

34

(23)

Total

343,904

80,487

62,724

487,116

14,809

(9,239)

454,183

8,839

(5,293)

thereof OTC1

281,292

75,549

62,724

419,565

14,141

(9,074)

403,616

7,834

(5,288)

thereof exchange-traded

62,612

4,938

-

67,551

668

(165)

50,567

1,005

(5)

1_Consists mainly of equity/interest contracts.

Further information on the fair value measurement of these derivatives
can be found in note 7.5.

216

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Derivative financial instruments held for risk management per instrument type
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

Over 5 years

Notional
principal
amounts

Assets

Liabilities

566

2,513

3

(654)

-

-

1,845

64

(129)

4,651

1,569

2,041

8,261

239

(172)

7,489

2,523

2,607

12,619

306

(954)

Maturity by notional amount
Up to 1 year

1 - 5 years

Interest rate contracts

993

954

Equity/index contracts

1,845

Foreign exchange contracts
Total
thereof fair value hedges1

1,594

151

416

2,161

2

130

thereof cash flow hedges2

1,546

1,734

2,191

5,471

276

690

thereof net investment hedges3

4,349

638

-

4,987

28

135

1_Consists mainly of equity/index contracts.
2_Consists mainly of interest rate contracts and foreign exchange contracts.
3_Consists solely of foreign exchange contracts.

Fair value hedges

Hedges of net investment in foreign operations

The Allianz Group uses fair value hedges to hedge the exposure to
changes in the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities due
to movements in interest or exchange rates, and to hedge its equity
portfolio against equity market risk. As of 31 December 2023, the
derivative financial instruments used for the related fair value hedges
of the Allianz Group had a total negative fair value of € 128 mn.
The ineffectiveness that arises from fair value hedges amounted to
€ (10) mn for the year ended 31 December 2023.

As of 31 December 2023, the Allianz Group hedged part of its foreign
currency net investments through the issuance of several foreign
currency denominated liabilities and the use of forward contracts. The
total negative fair value was € 107 mn for the year ended
31 December 2023.

Cash flow hedges
Cash flow hedges were used to hedge the exposure to the variability
of cash flows arising from interest rate or exchange rate fluctuations
as well as inflation. As of 31 December 2023, the derivative
instruments utilized had a total negative fair value of € 414 mn.
The ineffectiveness that arises from cash flow hedges amounted to
€ (1) mn for the year ended 31 December 2023. The change in the
value of the hedging instrument recognized in other comprehensive
income was € 948 mn for the year ended 31 December 2023.

217

The Allianz Group enters into enforceable master netting
arrangements and similar arrangements mainly for derivatives
transactions. None of these enforceable master netting arrangements
or similar arrangements meet the requirements for offsetting in line
with IAS 32.
Credit risk associated with netting arrangements is further
mitigated by collateral. For further information on collateral, please
refer to note 7.5. The maximum credit risk exposure is represented by
the carrying amount of the financial asset.

Regarding IBOR Reform, the transition to alternative benchmark rates
affects two components, the risk-free rates for discounting cash flows
in derivative transactions as well as reference rates of variable
financial instruments and transactions.
In the meantime, the derivatives of the Allianz Group are fully
migrated due to the already implemented transition of the risk-free
discount rate in major currency blocks. For cash instruments, the
transition of the risk-free discount rate and the transition of the
reference rate Euribor used for the euro region, where the majority of
the relevant financial instruments are, has already happened. The USD
Libor transition happened by mid 2023. Overall the associated or
expected effect of this transition is not material for the Allianz Group.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

7.5 _ Fair values and carrying amounts
of financial instruments
Certain risk disclosure requirements of IFRS 7 are reflected in the
following sections of the Risk and Opportunity Report within the Group
Management Report and are therefore an integrated part of the notes
to the consolidated financial statements:
−
−
−
−

Risk-based steering and risk management,
Internal risk capital framework,
Allianz risk profile and management assessment,
Market risk, credit risk, and liquidity risk in the section Quantifiable
risks and opportunities by risk category.

The following table compares the carrying amount and fair value of
the Allianz Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities:
Fair values and carrying amounts of financial instruments
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023
Carrying amount

2022
Fair value

Carrying amount

Fair value
22,896

Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents

29,210

29,210

22,896

Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss

102,316

102,316

87,498

87,498

Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income

562,693

562,693

544,892

544,892

Financial assets measured at amortized costs

8,829

8,908

7,870

7,915

Investments in associates and joint ventures at equity

3,014

3,385

2,100

2,481

Investments in associates and joint ventures at fair value

18,173

18,173

20,337

20,337

Real estate held for investment measured at fair value

21,208

21,208

23,314

23,314

Real estate held for investment measured at cost

2,716

5,753

2,546

5,812

152,872

152,872

141,034

141,034

Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss

12,683

12,683

8,994

8,994

Liabilities to banks and customers

20,181

20,080

19,219

19,063

Financial assets for unit-linked contracts
Financial liabilities

Certificated liabilities

8,407

8,138

9,126

8,490

Subordinated liabilities

12,738

12,258

12,089

10,937

Other (Financial liabilities measured at amortized costs)

2,273

2,273

1,882

1,882

Unit-linked investment contracts measured at fair value

39,489

39,489

37,510

37,510

Non-unit-linked investment contracts measured at amortized cost

10,196

10,189

10,317

10,317

218

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

The following financial assets and liabilities are carried at fair value on
a recurring basis:
−
−

financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss,
financial assets measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income,

−
−
−
−
−

investments in associates and joint ventures (under the VFA),
real estate held for investment,
financial assets for unit-linked contracts
financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss,
unit-linked investment contracts

The following table presents the fair value hierarchy for financial
instruments carried at fair value in the consolidated balance sheet:

Fair value hierarchy (items carried at fair value)
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Level 11

Level 22

Level 33

Total

Level 11

Level 22

Level 33

Total

Debt investments

69

9,535

3,983

13,587

436

9,017

1,852

11,304

Equity investments

2

-

2

4

1

3

12

15

9,815

2,582

61,214

73,611

9,631

4,313

52,688

66,632

Financial Assets
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss

Funds
Derivatives4

689

13,476

949

15,114

1,479

7,716

352

9,547

10,574

25,594

66,148

102,316

11,547

21,048

54,903

87,498

Corporate bonds

4,527

164,992

23,457

192,976

3,248

160,352

20,856

184,456

Government and government agency bonds

12,298

169,021

555

181,875

11,242

164,340

1,561

177,143

119

22,290

3,550

25,959

125

21,858

3,014

24,996

Covered Bonds

4,674

38,167

9

42,850

4,175

39,674

10

43,858

Loans

3,651

4,649

67,955

76,255

3,093

4,541

62,943

70,578

Other

1,750

1,516

12,608

15,874

3,459

1,453

12,322

17,234

Equity investments

21,498

355

5,051

26,904

20,950

393

5,285

26,628

Subtotal

48,518

400,991

113,184

562,693

46,293

392,610

105,989

544,892

Investments in associates and joint ventures

-

114

18,059

18,173

-

181

20,155

20,337

Real estate held for investment

-

-

21,208

21,208

-

-

23,314

23,314

Financial assets for unit-linked contracts

116,281

34,224

2,368

152,872

108,032

30,792

2,210

141,034

Total

175,372

460,923

220,967

857,262

165,871

444,632

206,572

817,075

Subtotal
Financial assets measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income

MBS/ABS

Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss4

2,309

9,165

1,210

12,683

2,715

5,895

384

8,994

Unit-linked investment contracts measured at fair value

28,160

11,324

6

39,489

24,521

12,983

6

37,510

Total

30,468

20,488

1,216

52,172

27,236

18,878

390

46,504

1_Quoted prices in active markets.
2_Market observable inputs.
3_Non-market observable inputs.
4_Changes in the derivatives level 3 fair values mainly result from a clarification regarding the significant inputs observability of certain contracts. Applied to 2022, the comparative level 3 assets would increase by € 1,084 mn, financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss by € 1,054 mn,
with a concurrent decrease of level 1 fair values.

219

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Reconciliation of level 3 financial instruments
The following tables show reconciliations of the financial instruments
carried at fair value and classified as level 3:
Reconciliation of level 3 financial assets
€ mn

Financial assets
measured at fair
value through profit
or loss

Financial assets
measured at fair
value through other
comprehensive
income – Debt
securities1

Financial assets
measured at fair
value through other
comprehensive
income – Equity
securities

Investments in
associates and joint
ventures

Real estate held for
investment

Financial assets for
unit-linked contracts

Total

Carrying value (fair value) as of 1 January 2023

54,903

100,704

5,285

20,155

23,314

2,210

206,572

Additions through purchases and issues

14,798

17,024

439

655

1,132

625

34,673

589

(1,429)

5

18

(0)

26

(791)

(3,265)

(8,186)

(260)

(1,400)

(669)

(377)

(14,157)

Net transfers into (out of) level 3
Disposals through sales and settlements
Reclassifications

-

-

-

-

67

-

67

(1,215)

(47)

18

(1,185)

(2,272)

11

(4,691)

Net gains (losses) recognized in other comprehensive income

-

1,916

(276)

-

-

-

1,640

Impairments

-

(11)

-

-

-

-

(11)

(191)

(1,231)

(25)

(184)

177

1

(1,453)

Net gains (losses) recognized in consolidated income statement

Foreign currency translation adjustments
Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group2

675

(721)

(135)

-

(542)

(127)

(850)

Change in accrued interest recognized in consolidated income statement

(50)

2,717

-

-

-

-

2,668

Change in accrued interest recognized in other comprehensive income - cash settlement

(96)

(2,634)

-

-

-

(0)

(2,730)

Carrying value (fair value) as of 31 December 2023

66,148

108,103

5,051

18,059

21,208

2,368

220,937

Net gains (losses) recognized in consolidated income statement held at the reporting date

(1,007)

(60)

27

(1,182)

(2,309)

11

(4,521)

1_Primarily include loans.
2_Include for real estate held for investment reclassifications into non-current assets and assets of disposal groups classified as held for sale of € (542) mn.

220

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Reconciliation of level 3 financial liabilities
€ mn

Financial liabilities measured at fair value
through profit or loss
Carrying value (fair value) as of 1 January 2023

384

Additions through purchases and issues

129

Net transfers into (out of) level 3

688

Disposals through sales and settlements

(75)

Net losses (gains) recognized in consolidated income statement

76

Foreign currency translation adjustments

(1)

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group
Change in accrued interest recognized in consolidated income statement
Change in accrued interest recognized in other comprehensive income - cash settlement
Carrying value (fair value) as of 31 December 2023
Net losses (gains) recognized in consolidated income statement held at the reporting date

2
(10)
18
1,210
1

Certain financial assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring
basis when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount may not be recoverable.
If financial assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring
basis at the time of impairment, or if fair value less cost to sell is used
as the measurement basis under IFRS 5, corresponding disclosures can
be found in note 7.1.

221

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Fair value hierarchy (items not carried at fair value)
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Level 11

Level 22

Level 33

Total

Level 11

Level 22

Level 33

Total

Financial Assets
Financial assets measured at amortized costs4

4,721

1,278

2,909

8,908

3,915

63

3,936

7,915

Investments in associates and joint ventures at equity

-

320

3,065

3,385

-

398

2,083

2,481

Real estate held for investment

-

-

5,753

5,753

-

-

5,812

5,812

4,721

1,598

11,727

18,046

3,915

462

11,831

16,208

19,063

Total
Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities measured at amortized costs
Liabilities to banks and customers

10,653

4,682

4,745

20,080

10,333

4,249

4,481

Certificated liabilities

-

7,939

199

8,138

-

8,287

203

8,490

Subordinated liabilities

-

12,258

-

12,258

-

10,937

-

10,937

Other (Financial liabilities measured at amortized costs)
Non-unit-linked investment contracts5
Total

-

-

2,273

2,273

-

-

1,882

1,882

713

9,413

63

10,189

-

2,771

7,546

10,317

11,367

34,292

7,279

52,937

10,333

26,244

14,112

50,689

1_Quoted prices in active markets.
2_Market observable inputs.
3_Non-market observable inputs.
4_The increase within Level 2 compared to 31 December 2022 is mainly driven by the reassessment and the underlying reclassification by Allianz Bulgaria.
5_The increase in Level 2 fair values is mainly driven by an improved valuation for a German investment product.

Financial assets
Debt investments in fair value through profit or loss and in fair
value through other comprehensive income
Debt investments are part of financial assets measured at fair value
through profit or loss and financial assets measured at fair value
through other comprehensive income which include corporate and
government and government agency bonds, MBS/ABS, covered
bonds, and other debt investments.
The valuation techniques for these debt investments are similar.
The fair value is determined using the market and the income
approach. Primary inputs for the market approach are quoted prices
for identical or comparable assets in active markets, where
comparability between the security and the benchmark defines the
fair value level. The income approach in most cases means that a
present value technique is applied where either the cash flows or the

222

discount curve are adjusted to reflect credit risk and/or liquidity risk.
Depending on the observability of these risk parameters in the market,
the security is classified as level 2 or level 3.
Level 3 investments are mainly priced based on the income
approach. The primary non-market observable input used in the
discounted cash flow method is an option-adjusted spread taken from
a set of benchmark securities with similar characteristics. A significant
yield increase of the benchmark securities in isolation could result in a
decreased fair value, while a significant yield decrease could result in
an increased fair value. However, a 10 % stress of the main non-market
observable inputs has only immaterial impact on fair value.

these are delivered as net asset values by the fund managers. These
net asset values are calculated using material, non-public information
about the respective private equity companies. The Allianz Group has
only limited insight into the specific inputs used by the fund managers,
hence a sensitivity analysis is not applicable. The fund’s asset manager
generally prices the underlying single portfolio companies in line with
the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation (IPEV)
guidelines, using discounted cash flow (income approach) or multiple
methods (market approach). For certain investments, the capital
invested is considered to be a reasonable proxy for the fair value. In
these cases, sensitivity analyses are also not applicable.

Equity investments in fair value through other comprehensive
income and funds

Derivatives

For level 2, the fair value is mainly determined using the market
approach or net asset value techniques for funds.
Level 3 mainly comprises private equity fund investments as well
as alternative investments of the Allianz Group, and in most cases

The fair value of these derivatives is mostly determined based on the
income approach, using present value techniques and the BlackScholes-Merton model. Primary inputs for the valuation include
volatilities, interest rates, yield curves and foreign exchange rates

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

observable at commonly quoted intervals. In some cases, the fair value
is determined based on the market approach.

Loans measured at fair value through other comprehensive
income
For loans measured at fair value through other comprehensive
income, quoted market prices are rarely available. Level 1 mainly
consists of highly liquid advances, e.g., short-term investments. The fair
value for assets in level 2 and level 3 is mainly derived based on the
income approach using deterministic discounted cash flow models.

Financial assets measured at amortized cost
Financial assets measured at amortized costs only include debt
investments. For the valuation measurement please refer to the
passage debt investments.

Associates and joint ventures
For level 2 and level 3, fair values are mainly based on the income
approach, using a discounted cash flow method or net asset values as
provided by third-party vendors.

Financial liabilities

Unit-linked investment contracts at fair value

Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or
loss

Financial liabilities for unit-linked investment contracts are valued
based on their corresponding financial assets for unit-linked
investment contracts.

This position mainly includes derivative financial instruments.
For level 2, the fair value is determined using the income or the
market approach. Valuation techniques applied for the income
approach mainly include discounted cash flow models as well as the
Black-Scholes-Merton model. Main observable input parameters
include volatilities, yield curves observable at commonly quoted
intervals, and credit spreads observable in the market.
For level 3, the fair value is determined using the income or the
market approach. Valuation techniques applied for the income
approach mainly include discounted cash flow models. A significant
proportion of level 3 liabilities represent derivatives embedded in
certain life insurance and annuity contracts. Significant non-market
observable input parameters include mortality rates and surrender
rates. A significant decrease (increase) in surrender rates, in mortality
rates, or in the utilization of annuitization benefits could result in a
higher (lower) fair value. For products with a high death benefit,
surrender rates may show an opposite effect.

Non-unit-linked investment contracts at cost
The fair value for non-unit-linked investment contracts in level 2 is
mainly derived based on the income approach, using future cash flows
discounted with risk-specific interest rates. Main non-market
observable inputs include credit spreads. In some cases, the carrying
amount (amortized cost) is considered to be a reasonable estimate of
the fair value.

In general, financial assets and liabilities are transferred from level 1
to level 2 when their liquidity, trade frequency, and activity are no
longer indicative of an active market. The same policy applies
conversely for transfers from level 2 to level 1.
Transfers into/out of level 3 may occur due to a reassessment of
input parameters.

Real estate held for investment
Fair values are mostly determined using the market or the income
approach. Valuation techniques applied for the market approach
include market prices of comparable assets in markets that are not
active. The fair values are either calculated internally and validated by
external experts or derived from expert appraisals with internal
controls in place to monitor these valuations.

Financial assets for unit-linked contracts
For level 2, the fair value is determined using the market or the income
approach. Valuation techniques applied for the income approach
mainly include discounted cash flow models as well as the BlackScholes-Merton model.

223

Liabilities to banks and customers
Level 1 mainly consists of highly liquid liabilities, e.g., payables on
demand. The fair value for liabilities in level 2 and level 3 is mainly
derived based on the income approach, using future cash flows
discounted with risk-specific interest rates. Main non-market
observable inputs include credit spreads. In some cases, the carrying
amount (amortized cost) is considered to be a reasonable estimate of
the fair value.

Certificated and subordinated liabilities
For level 2, the fair value is mainly determined based on the market
approach, using quoted market prices, and based on the income
approach, using present value techniques. For level 3, fair values are
mainly derived based on the income approach, using deterministic
cash flows with credit spreads as primary non-market observable
inputs. In some cases, the carrying amount (amortized cost) is
considered to be a reasonable estimate for the fair value.

As of 31 December 2023, the Allianz Group substantially retained all
the risks and rewards from the ownership of transferred assets. There
have not been any transfers of financial assets that were derecognized
in full or partly in which Allianz continues to control the transferred
assets. Transfers of financial assets mainly relate to securities lending
and repurchase agreement transactions. Financial assets transferred
in the context of repurchase agreement and securities lending
transactions are mainly debt and equity securities held at fair value
through other comprehensive income for which substantially all of the
risks and rewards are retained. As of 31 December 2023, the carrying
amount of the assets transferred for securities lending transactions
amounted to € 6,329 mn (2022: € 8,008 mn). For repurchase
agreements, the carrying amount of the assets transferred amounted
to € 183 mn (2022: € 217 mn), and the carrying amount of the
associated liabilities amounted to € 183 mn (2022: € 217 mn).

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

The carrying amounts of the assets pledged as collateral are displayed
in the following table:
Assets pledged as collateral
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Investments carried at fair value through other
comprehensive income

922

683

Investments carried at fair value through profit or
loss

10,276

10,215

Collaterals without right to resell or repledge

Investments carried at amortized cost

161

133

11,360

11,031

Investments carried at fair value through other
comprehensive income

1,768

3,031

Subtotal

1,768

3,031

13,128

14,063

Subtotal
Collaterals with right to resell or repledge

Total

Financial assets are pledged as collateral as part of sales and
repurchases, securities borrowing, and transactions with derivatives,
under terms that are usual and customary for such activities.
In addition, as part of these transactions, the Allianz Group has
received collateral that it is permitted to sell or repledge in the absence
of default. As of 31 December 2023, the Allianz Group received
collateral consisting of fixed income and equity securities with a fair
value of € 9,644 mn (2022: € 9,351 mn), which the Allianz Group has
the right to sell or repledge. For the years ended 31 December 2023
and 2022, no previously received collateral was sold or repledged by
the Allianz Group.

224

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

8 _ OTHER INFORMATION
8.1 _ Fee and commission income

8.2 _ Fee and commission expenses

Fee and commission income

Fee and commission expenses

€ mn

2023

2022

Property-Casualty
Fees from credit and assistance business
Service agreements
Investment advisory
Subtotal

Service agreements
Subtotal

1,807

1,687

665

704

61

1

2,534

2,392

2022

1,161

747

200
1,362

Fees from credit and assistance business
Service agreements

(1,868)

(1,718)

(644)

(635)

(35)

-

Subtotal

(2,547)

(2,353)

Investment advisory

(428)

(342)

217

Service agreements

(203)

(229)

964

Subtotal

(631)

(571)

Life/Health

Asset Management
8,821

9,461

Performance fees

817

474

Other

(12)

(14)

Loading and exit fees

327

343

Subtotal

(2,068)

(2,116)

Other

63

49

Corporate and Other

10,028

10,327

Subtotal
Corporate and Other
Service agreements

Service agreements

3,040

643

650

Subtotal

4,671

3,691

Consolidation

(4,944)

(4,280)

Total

13,651

13,094

(2,057)

(2,103)

(3,906)

(2,965)

(416)

(419)

Subtotal

(4,322)

(3,384)

Consolidation

4,082

3,469

(5,487)

(4,955)

Investment advisory and banking activities
4,027

Investment advisory and banking activities

Commissions

Total

2023

2022

Non-attributable acquisition costs

(1,090)

(955)

Non-attributable and non-insurance administrative
expenses

(1,093)

(959)

Property-Casualty

Other

Asset Management
Management and advisory fees

€ mn
2023

Property-Casualty

Life/Health
Investment advisory

Acquisition and administrative expenses

€ mn

Non-attributable settlement costs

(83)

(20)

(2,266)

(1,934)

Non-attributable acquisition costs

(509)

(495)

Non-attributable and non-insurance administrative
expenses

(657)

(666)

Non-attributable settlement costs

(23)

(18)

(1,189)

(1,180)

Personnel expenses

(3,061)

(3,108)

Non-personnel expenses1,2

(1,832)

(3,784)

Subtotal

(4,893)

(6,893)

Administrative expenses

(1,292)

(1,313)

Subtotal

(1,292)

(1,313)

Subtotal
Life/Health

Subtotal
Asset Management

Corporate and Other

Consolidation
Total

8.3 _ Acquisition and administrative
expenses

127

110

(9,513)

(11,209)

1_Includes € 202 mn (2022: € (168) mn) changes in assets and € (202) mn (2022: € 168 mn) changes
in liabilities related to certain deferred compensation programs, entirely offsetting each other.
2_For 2022, includes € (1,857) mn for a litigation provision for Structured Alpha. For further
information, please see note 38 to the Annual Report 2022.

The acquisition and administrative expenses disclosed in the following
table are the administrative expenses of the Allianz Group’s noninsurance entities and the acquisition and administrative expenses, as
well as settlement costs of the Allianz Group’s insurance entities that
are not directly attributable to fulfilling insurance contracts. Expenses
which are directly attributable to fulfilling insurance contracts are
included in insurance service expenses.

225

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

8.4 _ Income taxes

Income taxes relating to components of other comprehensive income
2023

Income taxes
€ mn

2023

2022

Current income taxes

(2,751)

(2,382)

Deferred income taxes

201

(427)

(2,550)

(2,808)

Total

During the year ended 31 December 2023, current income taxes
included expenses of € 136 mn (2022: € 344 mn) related to prior years,
and deferred income taxes included income of € 129 mn (2022:
€ 191 mn) related to prior years.
Of the deferred income taxes for the year ended
31 December 2023, income of € 89 mn (2022: expenses of € 1,227 mn) is
attributable to the recognition of deferred taxes on temporary
differences, and income of € 112 mn (2022: € 798 mn) is attributable
to tax losses carried forward. Changes to applicable tax rates due to
changes in tax law led to deferred tax income of € 0 mn (2022: € 2 mn).
For the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the income
taxes relating to components of other comprehensive income consist
of the following:

€ mn

2022

Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in
future periods
Foreign currency translation adjustments
Debt investments measured at fair value through
other comprehensive income

(76)

327

(7,652)

37,140

(305)

862

1

1

Insurance liabilities

7,476

(38,721)

Reinsurance assets

(162)

1,477

Miscellaneous

145

(179)

Actuarial gains and losses on defined benefit
plans

197

(831)

Equity investments measured at fair value
through other comprehensive income

(657)

3,520

Insurance liabilities

758

(1,443)

Miscellaneous

(1)

(56)

(276)

2,096

Cash flow hedges
Share of other comprehensive income of
associates and joint ventures

226

Effective tax rate

€ mn

2023

2022

Income before income taxes

11,582

9,664

Applied weighted income tax rate

23.1%

24.5%

Expected income taxes

2,679

2,365

Trade tax and similar taxes

243

204

Net tax-exempt income

(304)

(142)

Effects of tax losses

(104)

56

36

325

Other effects
Effective income taxes

2,550

2,808

Effective tax rate

22.0%

29.1%

Items that may never be reclassified to profit or loss

Total

The recognized income taxes for the year ended 31 December 2023
are € 129 mn below (2022: € 443 mn above) the expected income
taxes, which are determined by multiplying the respective income
before income taxes with the applicable country-specific tax rates. The
following table shows the reconciliation from the expected income
taxes to the effectively recognized income taxes for the Allianz Group.
The Allianz Group’s reconciliation is a summary of the individual
company-related reconciliations, which are based on the respective
country-specific tax rates, taking into consideration consolidation
effects with an impact on the Group result. The applicable tax rate
used in the reconciliation for domestic Allianz Group companies
includes corporate tax, trade tax, and the solidarity surcharge, and
amounted to 31.0 % (2022: 31.0 %).
The effective tax rate is determined on the basis of the effective
income tax expenses on income before income taxes.

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the write-down of deferred
taxes on tax losses carried forward increased the tax expenses by
€ 33 mn (2022: € 108 mn). The reversal of write-down of deferred tax
assets on tax losses carried forward resulted in deferred tax income of
€ 122 mn (2022: € 24 mn). Due to the use of tax losses carried forward,
for which deferred tax assets had previously been written off, the
current income tax expenses decreased by € 0 mn (2022: € 0 mn).
Deferred tax income increased by € 16 mn (2022: € 29 mn) due to the
use of tax losses carried forward, for which deferred tax assets had
previously been written off. The aforementioned effects are shown in
the reconciliation statement as “effects of tax losses”.
The reconciling item “other effects” includes expenses of € 18 mn
(2022: € 29 mn) related to the write-down of deferred tax assets on
temporary differences and tax credits. Deferred tax income increased by
€ 0 mn (2022: € 0 mn) due to the reversal of write-down of deferred tax
assets on temporary differences and tax credits.
The tax rates used in the calculation of the Allianz Group’s deferred
taxes are the applicable national rates, which in 2023 ranged from 10.0 %
to 40.0 %, with changes to tax rates that had already been adopted in the
Czech Republic and Türkiye by 31 December 2023 taken into account.
Deferred tax assets on losses carried forward are recognized to
the extent to which it is more likely than not that sufficient future
taxable profits will be available for realization. Entities which suffered
a tax loss in either the current or the preceding period recognized
deferred tax assets in excess of deferred tax liabilities amounting to
€ 4,271 mn (2022: € 3,644 mn), as there was convincing other evidence
that sufficient future taxable profit will be available, including recovery
of assets for more than their carrying amount.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Investments

28,643

35,054

Insurance contract assets/liabilities

20,457

17,984

Other assets

2,025

2,385

150

148

Tax losses carried forward

2,541

2,379

Pensions and similar obligations

2,066

1,957

Other liabilities

4,152

3,248

Total deferred tax assets

60,034

63,155

Deferred tax assets

Intangible assets

Non-recognition or valuation allowance for
deferred tax assets on tax losses carried forward
Effect of netting
Net deferred tax assets

(704)

(684)

(53,338)

(56,103)

5,992

6,369

Deferred tax liabilities

Tax losses carried forward at 31 December 2023 of € 9,653 mn (2022:
€ 9,307 mn) resulted in the recognition of deferred tax assets to the
extent that there is sufficient certainty that the unused tax losses will
be utilized. At the reporting date, this prerequisite was considered not
fulfilled for a partial amount of € 2,839 mn (2022: € 2,752 mn).
According to tax legislation as of 31 December 2023, an amount of
€ 2,599 mn (2022: € 2,519 mn) of these tax losses may be carried
forward indefinitely, whereas an amount of € 240 mn (2022: € 233 mn)
of these tax losses carried forward will expire over the next 20 years if
not utilized.
Tax losses carried forward are scheduled according to their expiry
periods as follows:
Tax losses carried forward
€ mn

2023
2024

15

Investments

20,266

21,629

2025-2026

44

Insurance contract assets/liabilities

27,536

28,541

2027-2028

746

Other assets

2,564

1,729

2029-2033

239

Intangible assets

1,459

1,463

>10 years

2,060

628

714

Unlimited

6,550

3,009

4,183

Total

9,653

Pensions and similar obligations
Other liabilities
Total deferred tax liabilities

55,462

58,261

Effect of netting

(53,338)

(56,103)

Net deferred tax liabilities

2,124

2,158

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)

3,868

4,210

As Allianz is able to control the timing of the reversal of taxable
temporary differences arising from investments in Allianz Group
companies, deferred tax liabilities are only recognized to the extent
these differences will reverse in the foreseeable future. For an amount
of € 4,589 mn (2022: € 4,664 mn) no deferred tax liabilities are
recognized, because they will not reverse in the foreseeable future. For
deductible temporary differences arising from investments in
Allianz Group companies in the amount of € 355 mn (2022: € 437 mn)
no deferred tax assets are recognized because it is not probable that
these differences will reverse in the foreseeable future.

227

situated that have an overall enacted income tax rate of below 15 %,
like Bulgaria, Ireland, and Liechtenstein, or in countries with a potential
Pillar Two effective tax rate of below 15 %, like China, Luxembourg, and
Switzerland.

8.5 _ Earnings per share
Earnings per share are generally calculated by dividing net income
attributable to shareholders by the weighted-average number of
shares outstanding. According to IFRS, the net income attributable to
shareholders was adjusted for net financial charges related to
undated subordinated bonds classified as shareholders’ equity.
The Allianz Group recognized net financial charges of € (142) mn
for 2023 (2022: € (119) mn).
For the calculation of diluted earnings per share, the nominator
and denominator are adjusted for the effects of potentially dilutive
shares. These effects arise from various share-based compensation
plans of the Allianz Group.
Earnings per share
€ mn

2023

2022

8,399

6,302

(6)

(13)

8,393

6,289

396,190,104

404,793,132

125,880

1,467,572

396,315,983

406,260,704

Basic earnings per share (€)

21.20

15.57

Diluted earnings per share (€)

21.18

15.48

Net income attributable to shareholders –
basic
Effect of potentially dilutive shares
Net income attributable to shareholders –
diluted

Under the Pillar Two legislation, a multinational Group is liable to pay
a top-up tax for the difference between its Pillar Two effective tax rate
per jurisdiction and the 15 % minimum rate. The Allianz Group is within
the scope of the OECD Pillar Two rules. The Pillar Two legislation was
enacted in Germany, the jurisdiction in which Allianz SE as the ultimate
parent entity of the Allianz Group is incorporated, and is applicable
starting from 1 January 2024. As of the reporting date, local Pillar Two
legislations were not applicable in any of the jurisdictions in which
Allianz Group entities are domiciled.
Therefore, the Allianz Group has no related current tax exposure.
The Allianz Group applies the exception to recognizing and disclosing
information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar
Two income taxes, as provided in the amendments to IAS 12 issued in
May 2023.
The Allianz Group is not expecting any material impacts from the
OECD Pillar Two rules. Impacts are expected in jurisdictions Allianz is

Weighted-average number of shares
outstanding – basic
Potentially dilutive shares
Weighted-average number of shares
outstanding – diluted

The Allianz Group also uses core earnings per share as a measure for
profitability per share. In the determination of core earnings per share,
the net income attributable to shareholders is replaced by the
shareholders’ core net income. For further information on the
shareholders’ core net income, please refer to note 5.
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

For 2023, the core basic earnings per share and the core diluted
earnings per share amounted to € 22.61 (2022: € 16.96) and
€ 22.59 (2022: € 16.87), respectively.

€ mn

2023

2023

2022

113,383

103,524

39,489

37,510

Total

152,872

141,034

2023

2022

Unit-linked investment contracts

39,489

37,510

Non-unit-linked investment contracts

10,196

10,317

Total

49,686

47,827

228

Additions

640

1,105

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the
Allianz Group

(195)

34

3,520

3,493

3,457

Equipment

1,074

1,108

Changes in models and risk parameters and due to
modifications

22

(23)

Right-of-use assets

2,214

2,269

Matured or sold

(819)

(692)

Subtotal

10,216

10,354

Reclassification into non-current assets and assets
of disposal groups classified as held for sale

409

(1,959)

Write-offs

-

-

Amortization

-

-

80

161

Gross receivables

8,045

7,189

Expected credit loss

(102)

(91)

Subtotal

7,943

7,098

Foreign currency translation adjustments
Other changes

1,033

552

31 December

7,209

6,039

Tax receivables
Income taxes

2,914

2,345

Other taxes

2,500

2,525

Subtotal

5,414

4,870

788

921

1,121

3,062

Non-current assets and assets of disposal groups
classified as held for sale

€ mn

6,860

3,434

Prepaid expenses

Investment contract liabilities

2022

6,039

Software

Receivables

Financial assets for unit-linked investment contracts

As of 31 December

2022

Real estate held for own use

1

€ mn

2023
1 January

€ mn

Property and equipment

Financial assets for unit-linked contracts

Financial assets for unit-linked insurance contracts

Reconciliation of gross carrying amount for trade and lease
receivables as of 31 December 2023 and 2022

Other assets
As of 31 December

8.6 _ Financial assets for unit-linked
contracts and investment contract
liabilities
As of 31 December

8.7 _ Other assets

Other assets
Total3

2

4,275

3,930

29,757

30,234

As of 31 December 2023, the corresponding expected credit loss
amounted to € 102 mn (31 December 2022: € 91 mn).

1_Consists of real estate held for own use measured at fair value of € 1,747 mn (2022: € 1,762 mn)
and of real estate held for own use measured at amortized cost of € 1,688 mn (2022: € 1,757 mn).
2_Includes € 1,548 mn (2022: € 1,295 mn) assets for deferred compensation programs which are
mainly level 2 for fair value measurement.
3_Includes other assets due within one year of € 20,419 mn (2022: € 25,204 mn).

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Property and equipment
€ mn

2023
Real estate
held for
own use
measured
at
amortized
cost1

Real estate
held for
own use
measured
at fair value

2022
Real estate
held for
own use
measured
at
amortized
cost

Real estate
held for
own use
measured
at fair value

Software

Equipment

Right-ofuse
assets3

Cost as of 1 January

2,508

10,716

3,893

3,665

2,812

10,031

3,882

3,507

Accumulated depreciation/amortization as of 1 January

(750)

(7,259)

(2,785)

(1,396)

(675)

(6,654)

(2,703)

(1,168)

Carrying amount as of 1 January

1,757

1,762

3,457

1,108

2,269

2,138

1,415

3,377

1,179

2,339

65

181

1,033

283

207

52

126

956

273

453

-

-

34

5

5

27

-

20

6

1

Disposals and reclassifications into non-current assets and assets of disposal groups classified as held for
sale

(50)

(28)

(39)

(24)

180

(69)

-

(96)

(60)

(113)

Reclassifications

(14)

9

(6)

(12)

(35)

(342)

306

(1)

6

(13)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

(6)

9

(4)

(2)

(13)

17

7

2

3

27

Depreciation/Amortization

(53)

(822)

(279)

(385)

(57)

(766)

(301)

(416)

Impairments

(11)

(160)

(5)

(16)

(8)

(36)

-

(10)

-

-

-

-

-

2

-

-

Additions
Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

Reversals of impairments
Changes in fair value

2

(186)
1,747

Software

Equipment

Right-ofuse
assets

(92)

Carrying amount as of 31 December

1,688

3,493

1,074

2,214

1,757

3,457

1,108

2,269

Accumulated depreciation/amortization as of 31 December

(747)

(7,793)

(2,925)

(1,552)

(750)

1,762

(7,259)

(2,785)

(1,396)

Cost as of 31 December

2,435

11,286

3,999

3,766

2,508

10,716

3,893

3,665

1_As of 31 December 2023, assets pledged as security and other restrictions on title were € 89 mn (2022: € 96 mn).
2_Carrying amount as of 31 December 2023, includes € 2,996 mn (2022: € 2,911 mn) for self-developed software and € 497 mn (2022: € 546 mn) for software purchased from third parties.
3_Consists mainly of real estate.

229

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

8.8 _ Other liabilities

CGUs in the Property-Casualty business segment are:

Other liabilities
As of 31 December

−

Goodwill

€ mn

€ mn
2023

2022

Tax payables

Cost as of 1 January

2023

2022

16,547

16,237

Income taxes

1,980

1,743

Accumulated impairments as of 1 January

(292)

(292)

Other taxes, interest, and penalties

2,361

2,115

Carrying amount as of 1 January

16,255

15,945

Subtotal

4,341

3,858

Additions

360

235

Payables for social security and other payables

873

804

Disposals

-

(241)

Unearned income

672

610

Foreign currency translation adjustments

23

431

-

-

Provisions

Impairments

Pensions and similar obligations

8,669

7,994

Reclassifications

Employee related

3,124

3,092

Carrying amount as of 31 December

Share-based compensation plans

495

369

Accumulated impairments as of 31 December1

(152)

(292)

Restructuring plans

151

309

Cost as of 31 December

16,773

16,547

Other provisions

2,649

2,654

Subtotal

15,088

14,418

Liabilities of disposal groups held for sale

332

2,842

Other liabilities

13,022

12,278

Total1

34,328

34,810

1_Includes other liabilities due within one year of € 19,756 mn (2022: € 23,350 mn).

(115)
16,255

1_Decrease due to the disposal of the Russian insurance operations.

2023

2022

Intangible assets
€ mn

2023

2022

Goodwill

16,621

16,255

Distribution agreements1

1,052

1,176

Customer relationships2

656

691

Other2

320

320

Total

18,649

18,442

1_Primarily includes the long-term distribution agreements with Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria,
S.A., and Santander Aviva Life.
2_Primarily results from business combinations.

−
−
−

−
−
−

Additions are mainly related to goodwill arising from the acquisitions
of Innovation Group Holdings Limited, Whiteley, and Incontra
Assicurazioni S.p.A., Milan.
For further information, please see note 3.

8.9 _ Intangible assets
As of 31 December

(17)
16,621

−

Additions are mainly related to goodwill arising from the acquisitions
of simplesurance GmbH, Berlin, European Reliance General Insurance
Company S.A., Chalandri, and Aqua Holdings (Thailand) Company
Limited, Bangkok. Disposals are mainly related to the sale of Mercato
Leadmanagement Investments Holdings GmbH, Berlin, and from the
transfer of business from Allianz Global Investors U.S. LLC, Dover
(Delaware) to Voya Investment Management LLC, Atlanta.
For further information, please see note 4 to the Annual Report
2022.

Allocation principles

Insurance German Speaking Countries, including Germany and
Switzerland,
Insurance Western & Southern Europe, including Belgium, France,
Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and Türkiye,
Insurance Asia Pacific, including Australia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Sri
Lanka, and Thailand,
Insurance Iberia & Latin America, including Mexico, Portugal,
South America, and Spain,
Insurance Central & Eastern Europe, including Austria, Bulgaria,
Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania, and
Slovakia,
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Middle East and Africa,
including Ireland, the United Kingdom, Middle East and Africa,
Specialty Lines I, including Allianz Commercial, Allianz Re, and
Allianz Trade, and
Specialty Lines II, including Allianz Direct and Allianz Partners.

CGUs in the Life/Health business segment are:
−
−
−

−
−

Insurance German Speaking Countries, including Germany and
Switzerland,
Insurance Western & Southern Europe, including Belgium, France,
Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and Türkiye,
Insurance Central & Eastern Europe, including Austria, Bulgaria,
Croatia, Czech Republic, Hungary, Lithuania, Poland, Romania,
and Slovakia,
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Middle East and Africa,
including Ireland, the United Kingdom, Middle East and Africa, and
US Life Insurance.

The business segment Asset Management is represented by the CGU
Asset Management, mainly including Allianz Global Investors and
PIMCO.
The business segment Corporate and Other mainly includes
Digital Investments.
The carrying amounts of goodwill are allocated to the
Allianz Group’s CGUs as of 31 December 2023 and 2022 as follows:

For the purpose of impairment testing, the Allianz Group has allocated
goodwill to CGUs1. 1These CGUs represent the lowest level at which
goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.
1_The following paragraphs only include the CGUs that contain goodwill.

230

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Allocation of carrying amounts of goodwill to CGUs
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Property-Casualty
Insurance German Speaking Countries

732

593

Insurance Western & Southern Europe

1,442

1,345

Insurance Asia Pacific

717

235

Insurance Iberia & Latin America

416

398

Insurance Central & Eastern Europe

494

480

Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Middle
East and Africa

737

1,290

Specialty Lines I

39

39

Specialty Lines II

411

411

4,988

4,791

Insurance German Speaking Countries

995

979

Insurance Western & Southern Europe

712

672

Subtotal
Life/Health

Insurance Asia Pacific
Insurance Central & Eastern Europe
Global Insurance Lines & Anglo Markets, Middle
East and Africa

-

10

1,812

1,684

9

13

465

479

3,993

3,837

Asset Management

7,419

7,543

Corporate and Other

221

84

16,621

16,255

US Life Insurance
Subtotal

Total

Valuation techniques
The recoverable amounts for all CGUs are determined on the basis of
value in use calculations. The Allianz Group applies generally
acknowledged valuation principles to determine the value in use.
For all CGUs in the Property-Casualty business segment and for
the CGU Asset Management, the Allianz Group mainly uses the
discounted earnings method to derive the value in use. Generally, the
basis for the determination of the discounted earnings value is the
business plan (“detailed planning period”) as well as the estimate of
the sustainable returns and eternal growth rates, which can be
assumed to be realistic on a long-term basis (“terminal value”) for the
operating entities included in the CGU. The discounted earnings value
is calculated by discounting the future earnings using an appropriate
discount rate. The business plans applied in the value in use
calculations are the results of the structured management dialogues
between the Board of Management of Allianz SE and the operating

231

entities in connection with a reporting process integrated into these
dialogues. Generally, the business plans comprise a planning horizon
of three years and are based on the current market environment.
The terminal values are largely based on the expected profits of
the final year of the detailed planning period. Where necessary, the
planned profits are adjusted to reflect long-term sustainable earnings.
The financing of the assumed eternal growth in the terminal values is
accounted for by appropriate profit retention.
In the prior years, the value in use for all CGUs in the Life/Health
business segment was mainly based on an Appraisal Value method
which was derived from the Market Consistent Embedded Value and
a multiple of the New Business Value (VNB) calculation.
In 2023 for all CGUs in the Life/Health business segment, the value
in use is mainly derived from the IFRS net asset value (NAV), a New
Business Value calculation (VNB), and a multiple of the value of New
Business. For valuation purposes, the Allianz Group defines the NAV as
the sum of the IFRS total equity without goodwill plus the CSM net of
tax, net of reinsurance and net of the present value of non-attributable
costs. This NAV reflects the in-force value including expected profits in
the form of CSM. As it is based on the IFRS balance sheet, the NAV
reflects a market consistent valuation in line with core steering
measures applied at the Allianz Group, in particular (net) CSM and
VNB.
The implementation of IFRS 9 and 17 standards is a fundamental
new development in the financial reporting process for insurance
entities. Considering the key advantages of these standards for
insurance entities, the Allianz Group changed the input basis for the
value in use calculation to the IFRS balance sheet for year-end 2023.
The change in the input assumption from embedded value or
appraisal value to an IFRS balance sheet basis is recognized as an
IAS 8 change of estimate.
In the Corporate and Other business segment, the value in use in
the Digital Investments is derived by using the discounted cash flow
and multiple method. Discounted cash flows are calculated based on
the companies‘ business plan as well as an estimate of sustainable
returns and eternal growth rates (terminal value). The discounted
earnings value is calculated by discounting the future earnings using
an appropriate discount rate. For the multiple method, transactions
and revenues of comparable companies are used.

Significant assumptions
In determining the business plans, certain key assumptions were made
in order to project future earnings.
For entities included in the CGUs of the Property-Casualty
business segment, the business plans are mainly based on key
assumptions including expense ratio, loss ratio, investment income, risk
capital, market share, premium rate changes, and taxes. The bases for
determining the values assigned to the key assumptions are current
market trends and earnings projections.
The discount rate is based on the capital asset pricing model
(CAPM) and appropriate eternal growth rates. The assumptions,
including the risk-free interest rate, market risk premium, segment
beta, and leverage ratio used to calculate the discount rates, are
generally consistent with the parameters used in the Allianz Group’s
planning and controlling process. The discount rates and eternal
growth rates for the CGUs in the Property-Casualty business segment
are as follows:
Discount rates and eternal growth rates for the CGUs
in the Property-Casualty business segment1
%

2023

2022

Discount
rate

Eternal
growth rate

Discount
rate

Eternal
growth rate

Insurance German
Speaking Countries

8.1

0.5

7.6

0.4

Insurance Western &
Southern Europe

10.1

1.7

7.9

0.5

Insurance Asia
Pacific

9.6

1.5

9.7

2.0

Insurance Iberia &
Latin America

15.1

3.6

11.1

2.7

Insurance Central &
Eastern Europe

9.8

1.8

9.4

1.5

Global Insurance
Lines & Anglo
Markets, Middle East
and Africa

9.2

1.4

9.0

1.0

Specialty Lines I

9.0

1.2

8.3

0.7

Specialty Lines II

9.2

1.1

8.4

0.5

1_The table provides an overview of weighted key parameters on the CGU level of the countryspecific discount rates and eternal growth rates used.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

For entities included in the CGUs of the Life/Health business segment,
the valuation is based on the NAV that reflects the in-force value
including the expected profits in the form of the CSM. The CSM is part
of the insurance contract liabilities in the IFRS balance sheet consisting
of the present value of future cash flows, a risk adjustment, and the
value of unearned profits. These unearned profits are also included
from a shareholder’s perspective for the company value, i.e., after tax
and reinsurance.
The present value of future cash flows corresponds to the
probability-weighted average of future cash flows considering the
time value of money, using the relevant risk-free interest rate term
structure. The calculation of the best estimate is based on assumptions
made for demographic factors (e.g., mortality, morbidity,
lapse/surrender rates), expense allowances, taxation, assumptions on
market conditions for market consistent projections (e.g., reference
rates, volatilities) as well as investment strategy and asset allocation of
the entity. The risk adjustment reflects an additional provision to
account for the uncertainty in future cash flows with respect to nonfinancial risk. For further information regarding the different
components, please refer to the section “Insurance contracts” in note 2.
The VNB calculation is based on a best estimate of one year of
VNB, multiplied by a factor (multiple) to capture expected future new
business. The best estimate of new business is generally derived from
the achieved value of new business. The new business multiple
accounts for the risk and the growth associated with future new
business analogous to the discount rate and the growth rate in a
discounted earnings method. For all CGUs in the Life/Health business
segment, a multiple of not more than ten times the VNB is applied.
For entities included in the CGU of the Asset Management
business segment, key assumptions include assets under management
growth, cost-income ratio, and risk capital. The key assumptions are
based on the current market environment. The discount rate for the
CGU Asset Management is 12.0 % (2022: 10.8 %) and the eternal
growth rate is 2.6 % (2022: 1.3 %).
For the Digital Investments included in the Corporate and Other
business segment, the bases for determining the values assigned to
the key assumptions are current market trends and earnings
projections. The discount rate is based on the capital asset pricing
model (CAPM) and appropriate eternal growth rates. The discount
rate and the eternal growth rates are calculated in line with market

practice and are subject to company-specific factors, its development
status, and the markets in which the company operates.

8.10 _ Equity
Equity

Sensitivity analyses
Sensitivity analyses were performed with regard to discount rates and
key value drivers of the business plans.
For the CGUs in the Property-Casualty business segment and for
the CGU Asset Management, sensitivity analyses were performed with
respect to the long-term sustainable combined ratios/cost-income
ratios and the discount rate. For all CGUs discounted earnings, value
sensitivities still exceeded their respective carrying amounts.
In the Life/Health business segment, sensitivity analyses were
performed mainly based on NAV and VNB sensitivity testing on the
reference rate. The analyses have shown that in case of a change in
reference rates by 50 basis points, the value in use of each CGU still
exceeds its carrying amount.
In the Corporate and Other business segment, a sensitivity
analysis was performed with respect to earnings and interest rates for
the Digital Investments. The analysis has shown that in case of an
increase in the interest rates by 50 basis points and under
consideration of a holding period usual for the asset class, the
recoverable amount approximates its carrying value.

€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Shareholders' equity
Issued capital

1,170

1,170

Additional paid-in capital

27,732

27,732

Undated subordinated bonds

4,764

4,843

Retained earnings1

30,702

29,354

Foreign currency translation adjustments

(2,883)

(3,048)

Unrealized gains and losses from insurance
contracts (net)

34,207

54,854

Other unrealized gains and losses (net)2,3

(37,215)

(60,490)

Subtotal

58,477

54,415

Non-controlling interests

5,103

4,320

Total

63,580

58,735

1_As of 31 December 2023, includes € (38) mn (2022: € (333) mn) related to treasury shares.
2_As of 31 December 2023, includes € 844 mn (2022: € 1,059 mn) related to expected credit losses.
3_As of 31 December 2023, includes € (818) mn (2022: € (1,460) mn) related to cash flow hedges.

Issued capital as of 31 December 2023 amounted to € 1,170 mn,
divided into 391,718,983 fully paid registered shares. The shares have
no-par value but a mathematical per-share value as a proportion of
the issued capital. 1

As of 31 December 2023, Allianz SE had authorized capital with a
notional amount of € 468 mn for the issuance of new shares until
3 May 2027 (Authorized Capital 2022/I). The shareholders’
subscription rights can be excluded for capital increases against
contribution in kind. For a capital increase against contributions in
cash, the subscription rights can be excluded: (i) for fractional
amounts, (ii) to the extent necessary to grant a subscription right for
new shares to the holders of bonds that carry conversion or option
rights or provide for mandatory conversion, and (iii) if the issue price
is not significantly below the market price and the shares issued
under exclusion of the subscription rights pursuant to § 186 (3)
sentence 4 of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) do
not exceed 10 % of the share capital, neither on the date on which
this authorization takes effect nor on the date of exercise of this
authorization. The sale of treasury shares shall be counted towards

1_Mathematical per-share value € 2.99 (rounded).

232

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

this limitation, provided that the sale occurs during the term of this
authorization, subject to the exclusion of subscription rights in the
corresponding application of § 186 (3) sentence 4 AktG. Furthermore,
such shares shall count towards this limitation that are to be issued
to service bonds (including participation rights) with conversion or
option rights and/or conversion obligations, provided that these
bonds (including participation rights) were issued during the term of
this authorization, subject to exclusion of subscription rights in the
corresponding application of § 186 (3) sentence 4 AktG. The
subscription rights for new shares from the Authorized Capital 2022/I
and the Conditional Capital 2022 may only be excluded for the
proportionate amount of the share capital of up to € 117 mn
(corresponding to 10 % of the share capital at year-end 2023).
In addition, Allianz SE has authorized capital (Authorized Capital
2022/II) for the issuance of new shares against contributions in cash
until 3 May 2027. The shareholders’ subscription rights are excluded.
The new shares may only be offered to employees of Allianz SE and
its Group companies. As of 31 December 2023, the Authorized Capital
2022/II amounted to € 15 mn.

Number of issued shares outstanding
2023

2022

401,589,162

408,219,153

1,464,440

(1,486,114)

Cancellation of issued shares

(11,595,013)

(5,143,877)

Number of issued shares outstanding as of
31 December

391,458,589

401,589,162

Number of issued shares outstanding as of 1
January
Changes in number of treasury shares

Treasury shares1
Total number of issued shares

1,724,834

391,718,983

403,313,996

1_Thereof 260,394 (2022: 1,724,834) own shares held by Allianz SE.

The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board propose that
the net earnings (“Bilanzgewinn”) of Allianz SE of € 5,939,145,880.15
for the 2023 fiscal year shall be appropriated as follows:
−

As of 31 December 2023, Allianz SE had conditional capital totaling
€ 117 mn (Conditional Capital 2022). This conditional capital
increase shall be carried out only if conversion or option rights
attached to bonds (including participation rights) which Allianz SE or
its Group companies have issued against cash payments according to
the resolutions of the Annual General Meeting (AGM) on 4 May 2022
are exercised, or the conversion obligations under such bonds are
fulfilled, and only to the extent that the conversion or option rights or
conversion obligations are not serviced through treasury shares or
through shares from authorized capital.

260,394

−

Distribution of a dividend of € 13.80 per no-par share entitled to a
dividend: € 5,402,128,528.20
Unappropriated earnings carried forward: € 537,017,351.95.

The proposal for appropriation of net earnings reflects the 260,394
treasury shares held directly and indirectly by the company as of
31 December 2023. Such treasury shares are not entitled to the
dividend pursuant to § 71b of the German Stock Corporation Act
(AktG). Should there be any change in the number of shares entitled to
the dividend by the date of the Annual General Meeting, the above
proposal will be amended accordingly and presented for resolution
on the appropriation of net earnings at the Annual General Meeting,
with an unchanged dividend of € 13.80 per each share entitled to
dividend.

As of 31 December 2023, Allianz SE held 260,394 (2022: 1,724,834)
treasury shares. Of these, 60,394 (2022: 54,482) were held for
covering future subscriptions by employees in Germany and abroad
in the context of Employee Stock Purchase Plans. 200,000 (2022:
200,000) were held as a hedge for obligations from the Allianz Equity
Incentive Program.

233

In 2023, 818,526 (2022: 964,487) treasury shares were
transferred to employees of Allianz SE and its subsidiaries in Germany
and abroad. This includes 104,383 (2022: 87,172) shares granted as
part of the so-called “free share program” (“Gratisaktienprogramm”).
The 54,482 (2022: 38,720) treasury shares earmarked for the
purposes of Employee Stock Purchase Plans from the previous year
were fully consumed and, in addition, 824,435 (2022: 980,249) treasury
shares were acquired from the market for this purpose. In addition,
10,240 (2022: 0) shares were acquired from the market and transferred
free of charge to tied agents in Germany.
As in the previous years, no capital increase for the purpose of
Employee Stock Purchase Plans was carried out in 2023. Employees of
the Allianz Group purchased approximately 75 % of the shares of the
purchase plan at a reference price of € 224.11 (2022: € 164.61) per
share and were allocated one additional share per three shares
purchased, which is equivalent to a discount of approximately 25 %.
The shares were sold to employees at an average price of
€ 168.08 (2022: € 123.46).
In the year ending 31 December 2023, the total number of
treasury shares of Allianz SE decreased by 1,464,440, which
corresponds to a decrease by € 4 mn or by 0.37 % of issued capital.
The treasury shares of Allianz SE and its subsidiaries represented
€ 0.8 mn (2022: € 5.0 mn) or 0.07 % (2022: 0.43 %) of the issued capital.

In the second quarter of 2023, a total dividend of € 4,541 mn (2022:
€ 4,383 mn), or € 11.40 (2022: € 10.80) per qualifying share, was paid
to the shareholders.

In its meeting on 9 November 2022, the Board of Management of
Allianz SE resolved to carry out a share buy-back program in an
amount of up to € 1 bn within a period between mid-November 2022
and 31 December 2023 (Share Buy-Back Program 2022/II), based
on the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting on
4 May 2022. In the period between 21 November 2022 and
17 March 2023, a total of 4,682,857 treasury shares with a market
value of € 999,999,983.29 were acquired for an average price of
€ 213.54.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

In its meeting on 10 May 2023, the Board of Management of
Allianz SE resolved to carry out an additional share buy-back program
in an amount of up to € 1.5 bn within a period between end of
May 2023 and 31 December 2023 (Share Buy-Back Program 2023),
based on the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting
on 4 May 2022. In the period between 29 May 2023 and
24 November 2023, a total of 6,912,156 treasury shares with a market
value of € 1,499,999,820.26 were acquired for an average price of
€ 217.01.
All of the treasury shares acquired within the Share Buy-Back
Programs 2022/II and 2023 have been redeemed according to the
simplified procedure without reduction of the share capital.

Non-controlling interests
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Unrealized gains and losses (net)

(180)

(236)

Share of earnings

491

435

Other equity components

4,792

4,121

Total

5,103

4,320

The Allianz Group’s capital requirements primarily depend on the type
of business that it underwrites, the industry and geographic locations
in which it operates, and the allocation of the Allianz Group’s
investments. During the Allianz Group’s annual planning and strategic
dialogues with its related undertakings, internal capital requirements
are determined through business plans regarding the levels and timing
of capital expenditures and investments. These plans also form the
basis for the Allianz Group’s capital management. Resilience under
stress conditions is also considered when determining the internal
capital requirements of the Group. The regulators impose minimum
capital requirements on the Group and its related undertakings. For
further details on how Allianz Group manages its capital, please refer
to the section “Target and strategy of risk management” of the Risk
and Opportunity Report.

1_From a formalistic perspective, the German Supervisory Authority deems the model to be “partial”
because not all of the related entities are using the internal model. Some of the smaller entities report
under the standard formula and others under the deduction and aggregation approach. Without loss of

234

With Solvency II being the regulatory regime relevant for the
Group as of 1 January 2016, the risk profile is measured and steered
based on the approved Solvency II internal model 1. The Allianz Group
has introduced a target Solvency ratio range in accordance with
Solvency II, based on pre-defined stress scenarios for both the Group
and related undertakings, supplemented by ad-hoc scenarios,
historical and reverse stress tests, and sensitivity analyses.
The Allianz Group’s Own Funds are composed of the eligible Own
Funds relating to the Group of internal model and standard formula
entities, the sectoral Own Funds of entities from other financial sectors,
as well as the equivalent Own Funds of entities included via the
deduction and aggregation (D&A) method. The eligible Own Funds
relating to the Group of internal model and standard formula entities
essentially consist of the MVBS excess of assets over liabilities plus
qualifying subordinated liabilities, less deductions for foreseeable
dividends as well as further deductions relating, for example, to
transferability restrictions.
Based on the information available to the Allianz Group as of the
end of 31 December 2023 and with a Solvency II capitalization of
206 % (2022: 201 %) 2, it is expected that the Group continues to be
sufficiently capitalized and compliant with both the regulatory
Solvency Capital Requirement and the minimum consolidated Group
Solvency Capital Requirement. For further information on Solvency II
capitalization, please refer to the section “Solvency II regulatory
capitalization” of the Risk and Opportunity Report.
The Allianz Group is a financial conglomerate within the scope of
the Financial Conglomerates Directive (FCD). The FCD does not
impose a materially different capital requirement on Allianz Group
compared to Solvency II.
The Allianz Group’s insurance subsidiaries (including Allianz SE)
prepare individual financial statements based on local laws and
regulations. The local regulations establish additional restrictions on
the minimum level of capital and the amount of dividends that may be
paid to shareholders. The respective local minimum capital
requirements are based on various criteria including, but not limited to,
the volume of premiums written or claims paid, amount of insurance
reserves, investment risks, credit risks, and underwriting risks.
As of 31 December 2023, the Allianz Group believes that there are
no outstanding regulatory capital or compliance matters that would
have material adverse effects on the financial position or the results of
generality, the term internal model might be used in the following chapters, e.g., in case descriptions also
referring to entities that use the internal model, or descriptions focusing on processes with respect to the
internal model components.

operations of the Allianz Group. For further information on the
Structured Alpha matter please refer to note 8.13.
Some insurance subsidiaries of the Allianz Group are subject to
regulatory restrictions on the amount of dividends that can be remitted
to Allianz SE without prior approval by the appropriate regulatory
body. These restrictions require that a company may only pay
dividends up to an amount in excess of certain regulatory capital
levels, or based on the levels of undistributed earned surplus or current
year income or a percentage thereof. The Allianz Group’s Board of
Management believes that these restrictions will not affect the ability
of Allianz SE to pay dividends to its shareholders in the future.

8.11 _ Interests in unconsolidated
structured entities

Under IFRS 12, a structured entity is defined as an entity that has been
designed so that voting rights or similar rights held by an investor are
not the dominant factor in deciding who controls the entity, such as
when any voting rights relate to administrative tasks only and the
relevant activities are directed by means of contractual arrangements.
The Allianz Group engages in some business activities that involve
the use of entities that meet the above-mentioned definition of
structured entities. Primarily, the Allianz Group is involved with such
entities due to its investment activities associated with its insurance
business and due to its asset management activities. Furthermore,
structured entities are used by the Allianz Group to source out certain
risks to investors as part of its reinsurance business. Generally, the
classification of an entity as a structured entity may require significant
judgment.
In the following sections, the business activities involving
unconsolidated structured entities are described.

2_Including the application of transitional measures for technical provisions, the Solvency II capitalization
ratio amounts to 229 % as of 31.12.2023 (2022: 230 %).

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Investments in asset-backed securities (ABS) and
mortgage-backed securities (MBS) issued by
securitization vehicles
The Allianz Group acts as an investor in ABS- or MBS-issuing
securitization vehicles that purchase pools of assets, including
commercial mortgage loans (CMBS), auto loans, credit card
receivables, and others. These securitization vehicles refinance the
purchase of assets by issuing tranches of ABS or MBS whose
repayment is linked to the performance of the assets held by the
vehicles.
Securitization vehicles invested in by the Allianz Group have
generally been set up by third parties. Furthermore, the Allianz Group
has neither transferred any assets to these vehicles nor has it provided
any further credit enhancements to them.
Income derived from investments in securitization vehicles mainly
includes interest income generated from ABS and MBS, as well as
realized gains and losses from disposals of these securities.
Within the asset management business, the Allianz Group acts as
asset manager for some securitization vehicles. The assets under
management of these vehicles amounted to € 3,884 mn as of
31 December 2023 (2022: € 3,051 mn). Some of the affected vehicles
have been set up by the Allianz Group, others by third parties. In this
context, the role of the Allianz Group is limited to asset management.
Income derived from the management of securitization vehicles
comprises asset management fees.

Investments in investment funds
Considering the broad variety of investment funds across different
jurisdictions, the classification of investment funds as structured entities
based on the definition in IFRS 12 is judgmental. As a general rule, the
management of relevant activities of an investment fund is delegated
to the fund manager via asset management agreements. In contrast,
influence from investors on the relevant activities of investment funds
is usually either precluded by legal or regulatory provisions or not
deemed substantial.
Investment funds are generally subject to stringent regulatory
requirements from financial authorities in all jurisdictions across the
world. Comprehensive regulation of funds protects fund investors and
also helps to limit investment risk. These mechanisms result in a legal
set-up of funds that the Allianz Group has to accept as investor and
which may lead to a classification as structured entities under IFRS 12.

235

With regard to investment activities, income mainly includes
distributions from the funds as well as realized gains and losses from
disposals.

Asset management activities
Within the asset management business, investment funds are
established and managed to accommodate retail and institutional
clients’ requirements to hold investments in specific asset classes,
market segments, or regions. Within the insurance business,
policyholder money is partly invested in investment funds managed by
Allianz’s group-internal asset managers. Investment funds managed
by the Allianz Group may include mutual funds, special funds, and
other funds.
Income derived from the management of investment funds
mainly includes asset management fees and performance-based fees.
Investment funds launched by group-internal asset managers can
be considered to be sponsored by the Allianz Group. As a sponsor, the
Allianz Group is involved in the legal set-up and marketing of internally
managed investment funds through its asset management
subsidiaries. This may include providing seed capital to the funds and
providing administrative services to ensure the investment funds’
operation. Investment funds managed by group-internal asset
managers can be reasonably associated with the Allianz Group. The
use of the Allianz name for investment funds is another indicator that
the Allianz Group has acted as a sponsor for the respective funds.
Information on the management fees generated in the asset
management business is disclosed in note 8.1.

Interests in asset-backed securities (ABS) and
mortgage-backed securities (MBS) issued by
securitization vehicles
Carrying amounts of ABS and MBS investments by type of category
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

CMBS

8,383

9,783

CMO/CDO

7,652

6,897

U.S. agency

2,818

2,730

Auto

737

558

Other

8,514

6,435

Total1,2

28,104

26,402

1_Comprises mainly investments.
2_Thereof rated AAA or AA € 19,947 mn (2022: € 20,229 mn).

The carrying amounts in the tables listed above correspond to an
aggregated amortized cost amount of € 29,791 mn (2022:
€ 28,902 mn). In a very extreme scenario, this amortized cost amount
represents the maximum exposure to loss for the Allianz Group from
these investments. In the reporting period, the Allianz Group has not
provided any financial or other support to these entities, nor does it
intend to provide such support in the future.

Investments in investment funds
Investments in investment funds by asset class
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Equity funds

26,754

26,003

Debt funds

22,275

17,890

Property funds

13,227

14,074

Other funds

8,984

7,260

Total1

71,240

65,226

1_Comprises mainly investments.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Of this investment fund exposure of the Allianz Group, investments of
€ 7.9 bn (2022: € 8.7 bn) relate to listed investment funds, whereas
investments of € 63.3 bn (2022: € 56.5 bn) relate to unlisted
investment funds.
As of the reporting date, the Allianz Group has receivables from
unconsolidated investment funds, which are mainly due in return for
asset management services, amounting to € 1,107 mn (2022:
€ 1,085 mn). Furthermore, the Allianz Group has entered
commitments to invest in private equity funds and further financial
instruments of up to € 35,346 mn as of 31 December 2023 (2022:
€ 36,605 mn).
The carrying amounts in the tables listed above correspond to an
aggregated amortized cost amount of € 63,231 mn (2022:
€ 56,538 mn). In a very extreme scenario, this amortized cost amount
represents the maximum exposure to loss for the Allianz Group from
these investments. In the reporting period, the Allianz Group has not
provided any financial or other support to these entities, nor does it
have the intention to provide such support in the future.
Besides the investments in investment funds described above, the
Allianz Group also holds investment funds to fund unit-linked
insurance contracts. However, these holdings are held on behalf and
for the benefit of unit-linked policyholders only. For that reason, these
holdings are not included in the table above. As of 31 December 2023,
the volume of unit-linked assets amounted to € 152,872 mn (2022:
€ 141,034 mn). Any exposure to loss on these investments is solely
borne by the unit-linked policyholder.

8.12 _ Related party transactions
Detailed information on the remuneration of the Board of
Management and Supervisory Board according to the German Stock
Corporation Act (AktG) and the recommendations of the German
Corporate Governance Code are disclosed in the Remuneration
Report. The following descriptions are made in accordance with
IAS 24.17 and IAS 24.18.
The remuneration of the Board of Management consists of a fixed
remuneration component and a performance-based remuneration
component:

236

−

−

The fixed remuneration component comprises the base salary,
perquisites (e.g., contributions to accident and liability insurances,
tax consultant fees, and a company car) and pension
contributions. The pension contributions of the company to the
current defined contribution pension plan “My Allianz Pension” are
generally 15 % of the target remuneration of the Board members.
The performance-based variable remuneration includes the shortterm annual bonus and long-term share-based remuneration. The
long-term, share-based compensation (Long-Term Incentive – LTI)
is based on the performance in absolute and relative terms (i.e.,
versus competitors) of the Allianz share. Furthermore, the longterm development of key performance indicators is reflected in the
deferred sustainability assessment following the four-year
contractual vesting period.

The following table shows the remuneration of the Board of
Management:
Remuneration of the Board of Management (expenses of the year)
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Short-term employee benefits1

21

23

Post-employment benefits

5

6

Share-based payment

28

17

Total

54

46

1_Includes base salary, perquisites as well as short-term annual bonus.

Existing provisions are mainly related to post-employment benefits
and share-based payment. As of 31 December 2023, reserves for
pensions and similar benefits for active members of the Board of
Management amounted to € 35 mn (2022: € 35 mn). Provisions for
share-based payment amounted to € 47 mn (2022: € 40 mn).
The remuneration for the Supervisory Board of Allianz SE consists
of a fixed remuneration, committee-related remuneration, as well as
attendance fees and reimbursement of expenses. These are
considered as short-term employee benefits. For the year ended
31 December 2023, the remuneration of the members of the
Supervisory Board was € 4 mn (2022: € 3 mn).

Transactions between Allianz SE and its subsidiaries that are to be
deemed related parties have been eliminated in the consolidation and
are not disclosed in the notes.
Business relations with joint ventures and associates are set on an
arm’s length basis and are mainly related to loans (please refer to
note 7.2.4) and reinsurance agreements.
For information on the formation of the partnership with Sanlam
Ltd., please see note 3.

8.13 _ Litigation, guarantees,
commitments, and other contingencies
Allianz Group companies are involved in legal, regulatory, and
arbitration proceedings in Germany and a number of foreign
jurisdictions, including the United States. Such proceedings arise in the
ordinary course of business, including, amongst others, their activities
as insurance, banking and asset management companies, employers,
investors and taxpayers. While it is not feasible to predict or determine
the ultimate outcome of such proceedings, they may result in
substantial damages or other payments or penalties, or result in
adverse publicity and damage to the Allianz Group’s reputation. As a
result, such proceedings could have an adverse effect on the
Allianz Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Apart from the proceedings discussed below, Allianz SE is not aware
of any threatened or pending legal, regulatory or arbitration
proceedings which may have, or have had in the recent past,
significant effects on its and/or the Allianz Group’s financial position or
profitability. Material proceedings in which Allianz Group companies
are involved include in particular the following:
In January 2023 a putative class action complaint has been filed
against Allianz SE and, in its amended version, against AllianzGI U.S. in
the United States District Court for the Central District of California. The
complaint alleges violation of Federal U.S. Securities Laws by making
false or misleading statements in public disclosures such as the annual
reports of Allianz in the period between March 2018 and May 2022
regarding the AllianzGI U.S. Structured Alpha matter and internal
controls. Allianz SE considers the action to be unfounded.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Guarantees
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

Financial guarantees

803

54

Non-financial guarantees

790

929

1,593

983

2023

2022

Commitments to acquire interests in joint ventures,
associates and equity investments

35,346

36,605

Commitments to purchase debt investments

7,383

8,072

Total

2022

Commitments
€ mn

As of 31 December

Other commitments

3,465

4,164

Total

46,194

48,841

Reconciliation of gross carrying amount for financial guarantees and
commitments to purchase debt investments as of 31 December 2023
and 2022
€ mn

2023

2022

As of 1 January

8,126

6,283

Additions

3,104

2,713

-

-

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the
Allianz Group
Changes in models and risk parameters and due to
modifications

-

-

(942)

(1,590)

Reclassifications between stages

-

(34)

Write-offs

-

-

Amortization

-

-

(91)

51

Matured or sold

Foreign currency translation adjustments
Other changes

(2,011)

703

As of 31 December

8,186

8,126

Any material contingent liabilities resulting from litigation matters are
captured in the litigation section above.
Pursuant to §§ 221 et seq. of the German Insurance Supervision
Act (“Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz – VAG”), mandatory insurance
guarantee schemes (“Sicherungsfonds”) for life insurers as well as for
health insurers are implemented in Germany, which are financed
through their member undertakings.
The insurance guarantee scheme for life insurers levies annual
contributions and, under certain circumstances, special contributions.
As of 31 December 2023, the future liabilities of Allianz
Lebensversicherungs-AG and further subsidiaries of Allianz SE to the
insurance guarantee scheme pursuant to the SichLVFinV amount to
annual contributions of € 32.1 mn (2022: € 4.8 mn) and potential
special contributions of, in principle, € 357 mn (2022: € 303 mn) per
year. In addition, Allianz Lebensversicherungs-AG and further
subsidiaries have assumed a contractual obligation to provide, if
required, further funds to Protektor Lebensversicherungs-AG
(“Protektor”), a life insurance company that has assumed the task of
the mandatory insurance guarantee scheme for life insurers. Such
obligation is, in principle, based on a maximum of 1 % of the sum of the
net underwriting reserves with deduction of payments already
provided to the insurance guarantee scheme. As of
31 December 2023, and under inclusion of the contributions to the
mandatory insurance scheme mentioned above for a limited period of
time, and assuming that no other life insurer is exempted from
payments, the aggregate outstanding commitment of Allianz
Lebensversicherungs-AG and further subsidiaries to the insurance
guarantee scheme and to Protektor is € 3,243 mn (2022: € 2,734 mn).

8.14 _ Hyperinflationary economies
Subsidiaries of the Allianz Group that operate in Türkiye and Argentina
have to apply hyperinflation accounting in accordance with IAS 29.
In applying IAS 29, the Allianz Group has adopted the accounting
policy to present the combined effect of the restatement in accordance
with IAS 29 and the translation according to IAS 21 as a net change for
the year in other comprehensive income.
The identities and levels of the price indices applied by the
operating entities concerned are as follows:
Hyperinflationary economies
Index

As of
31 December
2023

As of
31 December
2022

Türkiye

Consumer Price Index
published by the Turkish
Statistical Institute
(TURKSTAT)

1,859.38

1,128.45

Argentina

Consumer Price Index
published by the Argentinian
Statistical Institute

3,533.19

1,134.59

Overall, for the year ended 31 December 2023, the application of
hyperinflation accounting according to IAS 29 had a negative impact
on net income of € (264) mn (2022: € (282) mn). This also includes an
impact from the Lebanese business operations which were sold on
3 July 2023.

As of 31 December 2023, the corresponding expected credit loss
amounted to € 28 mn (2022: € 28 mn).

237

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

8.15 _ Lease arrangements
The Allianz Group occupies property in many locations under various
long-term leases and has entered into various leases covering the
long-term use of data processing equipment and other office
equipment.

As of 31 December 2023, the maturities for lease liabilities were as
follows:
Maturities for lease liabilities
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

Future
minimum
lease
payments

Interest

Present
value of
minimum
lease
payments

512

51

461

421

48

373

1,303

145

1,159

1,285

143

1,142

More than five years

1,244

133

1,111

1,356

131

1,225

Total

3,059

329

2,730

3,063

322

2,740

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total cash outflow for
leases amounted to € 516 mn (2022: € 635 mn).

Operating leases – maturities for the future minimum lease payments

Less than one year
Between one and five years

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the lease income for operating
leases amounted to € 1,270 mn (2022: € 1,271 mn).
The Allianz Group leases out its investment properties (see
note 7.2.1) under operating leases because they do not transfer
substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to the ownership of
the assets. Investment property comprises a number of commercial
properties that are leased to third parties.
As of 31 December 2023, the maturities for the future minimum
lease payments of operating leases were as follows:

238

Future
minimum
lease
payments

Interest

Present
value of
minimum
lease
payments

€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

One year and less

1,110

916

Between 1 and up to 2 years

948

778

Between 2 and up to 3 years

855

702

Between 3 and up to 4 years

765

599

Between 4 and up to 5 years

502

496

More than 5 years

1,730

1,690

Total

5,909

5,181

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

8.16 _ Pensions and similar obligations
Retirement benefits in the Allianz Group, which are granted to
employees and in Germany also to agents, are either in the form of
defined benefit or defined contribution plans. For defined benefit
plans, the beneficiary is granted a defined benefit by the employer or
via an external entity. In contrast to defined contribution
arrangements, the future cost to the employer of a defined benefit
plan is not known with certainty in advance.
The Allianz Group provides competitive and cost-effective
retirement and disability benefits using risk-appropriate vehicles. The
plans may vary from country to country due to the different legal,
fiscal, and economic environments.
Risks typically associated with defined benefit plans are biometric
risks such as longevity, disability, and death, as well as economic risks
such as interest rates, inflation, and compensation increases. New
plans are primarily based on contributions and may include, in some
cases, guarantees such as the preservation of contributions or
minimum interest rates.
Each of the pension plans in Germany, the U.K. and Switzerland
contributes more than 5 % to the Allianz Group’s defined benefit
obligation or its plan assets. As the Allianz Retirement and Death
Benefits Fund in the U.K. closed from 1 July 2015 to future accrual and
the plans in Switzerland are nearly negligible from a risk perspective,
except a minor liquidity risk due to the “Freizügigkeitsleistung”, only the
defined benefit plans in Germany are described in more detail
regarding key risks and regulatory environment.
Most active German employees participate in contributionbased plans using different vehicles to cover the base salary both
below and above the German social security ceiling (GSSC). Since
1 January 2015, the Allianz Group contributes for new entrants and for

239

the majority of contribution-based pension plan beneficiaries to the
low-risk pension plan “My Allianz Pension”, where only contributions
are
preserved.
For
salaries
above
the
GSSC,
the
Allianz Group decides each year whether and to which extent a
budget for the contribution-based pension plans is provided.
Independently of this decision, an additional risk premium is paid to
cover death and disability. Generally the accruals of the contributionbased pension plans are wholly funded, whereas the grandfathered
plans are funded to a minor extent. On retirement, the accumulated
capital is paid as a lump sum or converted to a lifetime annuity.
Employees who joined Allianz before 1 January 2015 participate
in the Allianz Versorgungskasse VVaG (AVK), financed through
employee contributions, and the Allianz Pensionsverein e.V. (APV),
which is financed by the employer. Both pension funds provide
pension benefits for the base salary up to the GSSC, are wholly funded
along local regulatory requirements, and were closed to new entrants,
effective 31 December 2014. AVK and APV are legally separate
administered pension funds with trustee boards being responsible for
the investment of the assets and the risk management. AVK is subject
to German insurance regulation. The assets of the contribution-based
pension plans are allocated to a trust (Methusalem Trust e.V.) and
managed by a board of trustees. For the AVK, the annual minimum
interest rate guaranteed is 1.75 % – 3.50 %, depending on the date of
joining the Allianz Group, and for the closed part of the contributionbased pension plan it is 2.75 %.
There is also a partly funded defined benefit pension plan for
agents (“VertreterVersorgungsWerk, VVW”), which has been closed for
new entrants since 31 December 2011. A part of the pension plan
serves as a replacement for the compensatory claim of agents
according to German Commercial Code (§ 89b). VVW is similar to a
final salary benefit plan.

Pension increases apart from AVK and APV are guaranteed at 1 %
p.a. at a minimum. Depending on legal requirements, some pension
increases are linked to inflation. In AVK, the complete surplus share of
the retirees is used to increase their pension.
The period in which a retirement benefit can be drawn is usually
between the ages of 60 and 67. Disability benefits are granted until
retirement pension is paid. In the case of death under the previous
plans, surviving dependents normally receive 60 % (widow/widower)
and 20 % (per child) of the original employee’s pension, in total not to
exceed 100 %. Under the “My Allianz Pension” plan, the surviving
dependents receive the capital accrued.
Additionally, the Allianz Group offers a deferred compensation
program, “Pensionszusage durch Entgeltumwandlung (PZE)”, for
active employees. Within some boundaries they convert at their
discretion parts of their gross income and, in exchange, receive a
pension commitment of equal value. PZE is qualified as a defined
benefit plan with small risk exposure.

The following table sets out the changes in the defined benefit
obligation, in the fair value of plan assets, in the effect of the asset
ceiling as well as in the net defined benefit balance for the various
Allianz Group defined benefit plans:

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Reconciliation of defined benefit obligation, fair value of plan assets, effect of asset ceiling, and net defined benefit balance
€ mn

Defined benefit obligation

Fair value of plan assets

Effect of asset ceiling1

I

II

III

Net defined benefit balance
(I-II+III)

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

2023

2022

21,274

27,095

13,749

16,471

110

67

7,635

10,691

Current service costs

350

456

-

-

-

-

350

456

Interest expenses

745

322

-

-

2

-

747

322

Interest income

-

-

479

199

-

-

(479)

(199)

Balance as of 1 January

Other
Expenses recognized in the consolidated income statement

19

33

-

-

-

-

19

33

1,114

811

479

199

2

-

638

612

Actuarial (gains)/losses due to
Changes in demographic assumptions

(82)

(40)

-

-

-

-

(82)

(40)

Changes in financial assumptions

805

(5,935)

-

-

-

-

805

(5,935)

Experience adjustments

-

-

46

363

46

363

-

-

Return on plan assets greater/(less) than interest income on plan
assets

-

-

195

(2,965)

-

-

(195)

2,965

Change in effect of asset ceiling in excess of interest

-

-

-

-

(8)

39

(8)

39

769

(5,612)

195

(2,965)

(8)

39

565

(2,607)

-

-

369

691

-

-

(369)

(691)

Plan participants' contributions

113

118

113

118

-

-

-

-

Benefits paid

(855)

(839)

(621)

(496)

-

-

(233)

(342)

Remeasurements recognized in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income (before deferred taxes)
Employer contributions

Acquisitions and divestitures

1

3

-

-

-

-

1

3

Settlement payments/assets distributed on settlement

(1)

(329)

(1)

(321)

-

-

-

(8)

Foreign currency translation adjustments

115

27

140

33

6

4

(19)

(2)

Changes in the consolidated subsidiaries of the Allianz Group

46

-

24

19

-

-

23

(19)
7,635

Balance as of 31 December2

22,576

21,274

14,445

13,749

110

110

8,242

thereof assets

-

-

-

-

-

-

(427)

(358)

thereof liabilities

-

-

-

-

-

-

8,669

7,994

Germany

18,617

17,513

10,468

9,998

-

-

8,150

7,515

United Kingdom

1,129

1,055

1,210

1,214

-

-

(81)

(159)

Switzerland

1,640

1,511

1,930

1,718

109

109

(181)

(97)

Thereof allotted to:

1_The asset ceiling is determined by taking into account the reduction of future contributions.
2_As of 31 December 2023, € 5,335 mn (2022: € 4,934 mn) of the defined benefit obligation is wholly unfunded, while € 17,241 mn (2022: € 16,339 mn) is wholly or partly funded.

As of 31 December 2023 and 2022, post-retirement health benefits
were immaterial.

240

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Assumptions

old male plan participant about 87.4 (2022: 86.9) years. An
increase in life expectancy by one year would lead to an increase of
the defined benefit obligation by € 519 mn (2022: € 493 mn).
The weighted average values of the assumptions for the
Allianz Group’s defined benefit plans used to determine the defined
benefit obligation and the recognized expenses are as follows:

The discount rate assumption is the most significant risk for the
defined benefit obligation. It reflects market yields at the balance
sheet date of high-quality fixed-income investments corresponding to
the currency and duration of the liabilities. In the eurozone, the decision
for the discount rate is based on AA-rated financial and corporate
bonds, and a standardized cash flow profile for a mixed population.
The range for the sensitivity calculations was derived by analyzing
the average volatility over a five-year period.
An increase in the discount rate by 50 basis points would lead to
a decrease of € 1.0 bn (2022: € 1.0 bn) in the defined benefit
obligation, whereas a decrease in the discount rate by 50 basis points
would lead to an increase of € 1.2 bn (2022: 1.1 bn).
An increase of pre-retirement benefit assumptions (e.g., a salary
increase) of 25 basis points would have an effect of € 42 mn (2022:
€ 39 mn) on the defined benefit obligation. However, the increase of
post-retirement assumptions (e.g., inflation-linked increases of pension
payments) of 25 basis points would increase the defined benefit
obligation by € 359 mn (2022: € 343 mn).

Assumptions for defined benefit plans

Plan assets/Asset liability management (ALM)

The assumptions for the actuarial computation of the defined benefit
obligation and the recognized expenses depend on the circumstances
in the country where the plan has been established.
The calculations are based on current actuarially calculated
mortality tables, projected turnover depending on age and length of
service, and internal Allianz Group retirement projections. Although
this represents the best estimate as of today, considering a further
increase in life expectancy could be reasonable. The weighted
average life expectancy of a currently 65-year-old female plan
participant is about 89.3 (2022: 89.6) years, and of a currently 65-year-

%

As of 31 December

2023

2022

3.2

3.6

long duration

3.2

3.7

short duration

3.2

3.7

United Kingdom

4.5

4.8

Switzerland

1.5

1.8

Rate of compensation increase

1.9

1.8

Rate of pension increase

2.2

2.2

Rate of medical cost trend

5.6

9.4

Discount rate
This includes the following country rates:
Germany

The recognized expenses are recorded based on the assumptions of
the corresponding previous year.

241

Based on the estimated future cash flows of € 1,058 mn for 2024,
€ 989 mn for 2025, € 1,035 mn for 2026, € 1,087 mn for 2027,
€ 1,109 mn for 2028, and € 5,585 mn for 2029 – 2033, the weighted
duration of the defined benefit obligation is 13.9 (2022: 14.0) years.
Based on the liability profiles of the defined benefit obligation and on
the regulatory funding requirements, the Allianz Group uses stochastic
asset liability models to optimize the asset allocation from a risk-return
perspective.
Due to a well-diversified portfolio of approximately
132,000 (2022: 129,000) plan participants, no reasonable uncertainty
is expected with regard to future cash flows that could affect the
liquidity of the Allianz Group. The following chart shows the asset
allocation:

Asset allocation of plan assets
€ mn

As of 31 December

2023

2022

1,444

1,268

43

31

Quoted

3,233

3,174

Non-quoted

2,197

1,837

Equity securities
Quoted
Non-quoted
Debt securities

Real estate1

910

948

Annuity contracts1,2

5,208

4,845

Life insurance investment products1

1,440

1,329

Other3

(30)

315

Total

14,445

13,749

1_Real estate, annuity contracts, and life insurance investment products are generally non-quoted.
2_Includes as of 31 December 2023 € 608 mn (2022: € 467 mn) in the United Kingdom due to buyins.
3_Includes as of 31 December 2023 € (305) mn in the U.K. due to gilt repurchase agreements within
the Fund's gilt portfolios. The loan leg of this structure, which is used to hedge the interest rate
and inflation risk of the Fund's liabilities efficiently, is treated as a negative cash balance.

The bulk of the plan assets are held by Allianz Versorgungskasse
VVaG, Munich, which is not part of the Allianz Group. Plan assets do
not include any real estate used by the Allianz Group, and include only
€ 4.7 mn (2022: € 4.0 mn) of its own transferable financial instruments.
In addition to the plan assets of € 14.4 bn (2022: € 13.7 bn), the
Allianz Group has dedicated assets at Group level amounting to
€ 8.7 bn as of 31 December 2023 (2022: € 7.1 bn), which are likewise
managed according to Allianz ALM standards.

Contributions
For the year ending 31 December 2024, the Allianz Group expects to
contribute € 235 mn to its defined benefit plans (2022: € 229 mn for
the year ending 31 December 2023), and to pay € 486 mn directly to
participants in its defined benefit plans (2022: € 431 mn for the year
ending 31 December 2023).

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Defined contribution plans are funded through independent pension
funds or similar organizations. Contributions fixed in advance (e.g.,
based on salary) are paid to these institutions and the beneficiary’s
right to benefits exists against the pension fund. The employer has no
obligation beyond payment of the contributions.
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Allianz Group
recognized expenses for defined contribution plans of € 319 mn (2022:
€ 345 mn). Additionally, the Allianz Group paid contributions for state
pension schemes of € 402 mn (2022: € 342 mn).

8.17 _ Share-based compensation
plans
The AEI plan is granted in the form of restricted stock units (RSUs) and
is part of the variable compensation component for the plan
beneficiaries.
The RSU granted to a plan participant obligates the Allianz Group
to pay in cash the ten-day average Xetra closing price of the Allianz SE
share on the vesting day, or to convert one RSU into one Allianz SE
share. The Allianz Group can choose the settlement method for each
unit. The payout is capped at a 200 % share price growth above the
grant price.
The RSUs are subject to a contractual vesting period of four years
and the payout per RSU is fixed on the last day of the contractual
vesting period, which ends on the tenth trading day following the
annual financial media conference in the year the respective AEI plan
expires.
In addition, upon the death of a plan participant, a change of
control or notice for operational reasons, the RSUs vest immediately
and are exercised by the company.
The RSUs are virtual stocks without dividend payments and with
a capped payout. The fair value is calculated by subtracting the net
present value of expected future dividend payments until maturity, as
well as the fair value of the cap from the prevailing share price as of
the valuation date. The cap is valued as a European short call option,
using prevailing market data as of the valuation date.

The following table shows the assumptions used in calculating the
fair value of the RSUs at grant date:
Assumptions of AEI plans
Year of issue1

20242

2023

2022

€

247.32

219.06

200.99

Average dividend
yield of Allianz SE
share

%

5.1

5.3

5.8

Average interest rate

%

3.0

3.3

(0.3)

Expected volatility of
the Allianz SE share
price

%

18.0

20.2

21.2

Share price

1_The AEI RSUs are granted as part of the remuneration of the respective prior year.
2_The assumptions for RSU grants delivered in March 2024 are based on best estimate.

applicable to the total compensation including the LTI payout and
various other compensation components.
The fair value of the index-linked RSUs is calculated as the present
value of the expected future payout, taking into account the link
between share price performance and relative performance compared
to the index, as well as the relevant caps and thresholds as defined in
the payout formula. The expected future payout is determined on the
basis of observable market data as of the valuation date and market
standard simulation techniques.
The following table shows the assumptions used in calculating the
fair value of the index-linked RSUs at grant date:
Assumptions of LTI plans
Year of issue1

The RSUs are accounted for as cash-settled plans because the
Allianz Group intends to settle in cash. Therefore, the Allianz Group
accrues the fair value of the RSUs as compensation expenses over the
IFRS vesting period. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the
Allianz Group recognized compensation expenses related to the AEI
plans of € 219 mn (2022: € 113 mn).
As of 31 December 2023, the Allianz Group recorded provisions of
€ 415 mn (2022: € 326 mn) for these RSUs in other liabilities.

Under the LTI plan, awards are granted in the form of index-linked
restricted stock units (RSUs) which are part of the remuneration policy 1
for the members of Allianz SE’s Board of Management.
RSUs granted to the members of the Board of Management
obligate Allianz SE to pay per RSU a cash amount equal to the ten-day
average Xetra closing price of the Allianz SE share on the last day of the
contractual vesting period, multiplied by a performance factor which
reflects the total performance of the Allianz stock, relative to the total
performance of the STOXX Europe 600 Insurance Index during the fouryear contractual vesting period.
The contractual vesting period ends on the tenth trading day
following the annual financial media conference in the year the
respective RSU award expires. The payout per RSU is subject to a 200 %
share price cap relative to the share price at the grant date and a 200 %
cap applied to the performance factor. In addition, there is a cap

20242

2023

2022

Share price

€

247.32

219.06

200.99

Average dividend
yield of Allianz SE
share

%

5.1

5.3

5.8

Average interest rate

%

2.3

3.2

0.0

Expected volatility of
the Allianz SE share
price

%

19.3

20.3

21.9

Expected volatility of
the index

%

17.1

16.4

18.4

Expected correlation
of the Allianz SE
share price and index

%

88.4

86.8

92.3

1_The LTI RSUs are granted as part of the remuneration of the respective prior year.
2_The assumptions for RSU grants delivered in March 2024 are based on best estimate.

The index-linked RSUs are accounted for as cash-settled plans
because the Allianz Group settles in cash. Therefore, the Allianz Group
accrues the fair value of the RSUs as compensation expenses over the
IFRS vesting period. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the
Allianz Group recognized compensation expenses related to the LTI
plans of € 38 mn (2022: € 16 mn).
As of 31 December 2023, the Allianz Group recorded provisions of
€ 79 mn (2022: € 41 mn) for these index-linked RSUs in other liabilities.

1_For detailed information regarding the LTI plans and the remuneration policy for the members of the
Allianz SE’s Board of Management, please see the Remuneration Report.

242

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Reconciliation of outstanding M-unit options

In 2008, AllianzGI L.P. launched a management share-based payment
incentive plan for certain senior-level executives and affiliates of
PIMCO LLC. Participants in the plan are granted options to acquire an
own class of equity instruments (M-units), which vest in one-third
increments on approximately the third, fourth, and fifth anniversary of
the option grant date. Upon vesting, options will automatically be
exercised in a cashless transaction, provided they are in the money.
Participants may elect to defer the receipt of M-units through the Munit Deferral Plan until termination of their service at the latest. With
the M-unit Plan, participants can directly participate in PIMCO’s
performance. Class M-units are non-voting common equity with
limited information rights. They bear quarterly distributions equal to a
pro-rata share of PIMCO’s net distributable income. Deferred M-units
have a right to receive a quarterly cash compensation equal to and in
lieu of quarterly dividend payments.
A maximum of 250,000 M-units are authorized for issuance under
the M-unit Plan.
According to an amendment of the PIMCO LLC Class M-unit Plan,
no new M-unit options will be issued after 14 March 2020. Already
issued and outstanding M-unit options remain valid and continue as is.
The fair value of the underlying M-unit options was measured
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Volatility was derived in
part by considering the average historical and implied volatility of a
selected group of peers. The expected life of one granted option was
calculated based on treating the three vesting tranches (one third in
years 3, 4, and 5) as three separate awards.
The number and weighted-average exercise price of the M-unit
options outstanding and exercisable are as follows:

2023

Number of
options

2022
Weightedaverage
exercise
price

Number of
options

€
Outstanding as of 1
January

Weightedaverage
exercise
price
€

59,004

14,364.26

102,231

Granted

-

-

-

-

Exercised

(31,613)

14,299.41

(38,379)

13,080.42

Forfeited

(2,666)

15,112.58

(4,848)

15,165.61

Outstanding as of 31
December

24,725

14,979.42

59,004

14,364.26

Exercisable as of 31
December

-

-

-

-

13,480.70

As of 31 December 2023, the aggregate intrinsic value of share
options outstanding was € 121 mn (2022: € 173 mn).
As of 31 December 2023, the M-unit options outstanding have an
exercise price between € 13,140.81 and € 16,119.13, and a weightedaverage remaining contractual life of 0.87 years.
The share options settled by delivery of PIMCO LLC shares are
accounted for as equity-settled plans. Therefore, PIMCO LLC measures
the total compensation expense to be recognized for the equitysettled shares based on their fair value as of the grant date. The total
compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period.
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Allianz Group
recorded compensation expenses of € 2 mn (2022: € 7 mn) related to
these share options.

The Allianz Group offers Allianz SE shares in 43 countries to entitled
employees at favorable conditions. The shares have a minimum
holding period of three to five years. During the year ended
31 December 2023, the number of shares sold to employees under
these plans was 714,143 (2022: 877,315). From 2018 onwards, the
employees receive one bonus share for three shares bought. For the
year ended 31 December 2023, these bonus shares had an equivalent
value of € 41 mn (2022: € 35 mn). During the year ended
31 December 2023, employees were additionally granted
104,383 (2022: 87,172) free shares.

The Allianz Group has other local share-based compensation plans,
including share option and employee share purchase plans, none of
which, individually or in the aggregate, are material to the
consolidated financial statements.

8.18 _ Other information
As of 31 December 2023, the Allianz Group employed 157,883 (2022:
159,253) people 1, thereof 39,287 (2022: 39,198) in Germany. The
average total number of employees for the year ended
31 December 2023 was 158,568 (2022: 157,332).

Personnel expenses
€ mn

2023

2022

Salaries and wages

11,656

11,090

Social security contributions and employee
assistance

1,730

1,595

Expenses for pensions and other post-retirement
benefits

1,359

1,280

Total

14,744

13,965

1_Thereof, 154,862 (2022: 154,023) people in Allianz Group companies are fully covered under the global
People and Culture reporting standard (which includes all companies in and related to the insurance,
asset management and banking business).

243

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

Board of Management and Supervisory Board compensation by
individual is included in the Remuneration Report.
On 14 December 2023, the Board of Management and the
Supervisory Board of Allianz SE issued the Declaration of Conformity
with the German Corporate Governance Code required by § 161 AktG
and made it permanently available on the company’s website.

PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft
(PwC GmbH) is the external auditing firm for the Allianz Group.
In the financial year, the following fees were recognized for
services rendered by PwC GmbH and the worldwide member firms of
PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited (PwCIL):
PwC fees

As of 31 December 2023, the Board of Management is comprised of
nine members (2022: eleven members). The following values reflect
the expenses for the full Board of Management active in the respective
year.
The sum of the total remuneration of the Allianz SE Board of
Management for 2023, excluding pension service cost, amounts to
€ 36 mn (2022: € 42 mn).
The equity-related remuneration in 2023 is comprised of 83,654 1
(2022: 119,434 2) Restricted Stock Units (RSUs).
RSUs with a total fair value of € 14.9 mn (2022: € 18.7 mn) were
granted to the Board of Management for the year ended
31 December 2023.
In 2023, former members of the Board of Management and their
dependents received remunerations and other benefits totaling
€ 12 mn (2022: € 8 mn), while reserves for current pension obligations
and accrued pension rights totaled € 176 mn (2022: € 171 mn).
The total remuneration for all Supervisory Board members,
including attendance fees, amounted to € 3.5 mn (2022: € 2.9 mn).
As of 31 December 2023, advances granted, loans and
contingent liabilities entered into by Allianz SE or its subsidiaries for
members of the Board of Management of Allianz SE amounted to
€ 300 thou (2022: € 2.0 mn). The interest rates as well as the
collateralization of the loans to members of the Board of
Management are at arm's length. For the members of the Supervisory
Board of Allianz SE, there were no outstanding advances or loans
granted
or
contingent
liabilities
entered
as
of
31 December 2023 (2022: € 13.6 thou).

1_The relevant share price used to determine the final number of RSUs granted is only available after the
sign-off of the Annual Report by the external auditors, thus numbers are based on a best estimate.

244

€ mn

PwCIL

thereof: PwC GmbH

2023

2022

2023

2022

Audit services

79.3

79.0

21.0

22.9

Other attestation
services

6.8

6.0

2.0

1.6

Tax services

1.5

1.5

-

-

Other services

5.4

6.3

1.8

0.9

Total

93.0

92.8

24.8

25.4

8.19 _ Subsequent events
In January 2024, Allianz SE has placed a subordinated bond in the
amount of € 1.0 bn. The bond has a scheduled maturity in July 2054
and is callable at the option of the issuer from January 2034. The
coupon is fixed at 4.851 % per annum until July 2034. Thereafter,
bondholders will receive a floating rate coupon.
Allianz SE bought back an amount of € 874.3 mn of its € 1.5 bn
3.375 % subordinated bond via a tender offer. € 625.7 mn remain
outstanding. This bond has no scheduled maturity and has ordinary call
rights of the issuer from September 2024.

In February 2024, Allianz SE has resolved a new share buy-back
program with a volume of up to € 1.0 bn, starting in March 2024.
Allianz SE will cancel all repurchased shares.

Audit services primarily relate to services rendered for the audit of the
Allianz Group’s consolidated financial statements, the audit of the
statutory financial statements of Allianz SE and its subsidiaries, the
audit of the Allianz Group’s Solvency II market value balance sheet as
well as those of Allianz SE and its subsidiaries. In addition, a review of
the Allianz Group’s consolidated interim financial statements was
performed. The 2023 and 2022 fees for audit services include fees for
the implementation audit of IFRS 9 and IFRS 17.
Tax services primarily refer to tax compliance services, other
services mainly refer to consulting services.

2_The disclosure in the Annual Report 2022 was based on a best estimate of the RSU grants. The figures
shown here for 2022 now include the actual fair value as of the grant date (3 March 2023). The value
therefore differs from the amount disclosed last year.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

8.20 _ List of participations of the Allianz Group as of 31 December 2023 according to § 313 (2) HGB
% owned1

% owned1

% owned1

Germany

Allianz GRGB Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0

Allianz Taunusanlage GbR, Stuttgart

99.5

Consolidated affiliates

Allianz Hanau Logistics GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart

100.0

Allianz Technology SE, Munich

100.0

ACP GmbH & Co. Beteiligungen KG II, Munich

Allianz Hirschgarten GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart

100.0

Allianz Treuhand GmbH, Stuttgart

100.0

ACP Vermögensverwaltung GmbH & Co. KG Nr. 4, Munich

100.0

Allianz Investment Management SE, Munich

100.0 4

Allianz UGD 1 Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

ACP Vermögensverwaltung GmbH & Co. KG Nr. 4 a, Munich

100.0

Allianz Kunde und Markt GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz VAE Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

ACP Vermögensverwaltung GmbH & Co. KG Nr. 4 d, Munich

100.0

Allianz LAD Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0

Allianz Versicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft, Munich

100.0

ADAC Autoversicherung AG, Munich

51.0

Allianz Leben Direkt Infrastruktur GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz VGI 1 Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

ADEUS Aktienregister-Service-GmbH, Munich

79.6

Allianz Leben Infrastrukturfonds GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz VGL Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

ADVANIA GmbH, Hamburg

60.0

Allianz Leben Private Equity Fonds 2001 GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz VK RentenDirekt Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

AfricaGrow GP GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Leben Private Equity Fonds Plus GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz VKA Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

AGCS Infrastrukturfonds GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Lebensversicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft, Stuttgart

100.0

Allianz V-PD Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

AGCS-Argos 76 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz L-PD Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz VSR Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

AGCS-Argos 86 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz NM 28 GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart

93.3

Allianz Warranty GmbH, Unterföhring

100.0

ALIDA Grundstücksgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG, Hamburg

94.8

Allianz of Asia-Pacific and Africa GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz X GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz AADB Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz ONE - Business Solutions GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz ZWK Nürnberg GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart

100.0

Allianz ADAC AV Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz Partners Deutschland GmbH, Aschheim

100.0

Allvest GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Agrar AG, Munich

100.0 4

Allianz Pension Direkt Infrastruktur GmbH, Munich

100.0

AP Solutions GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz AKR Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz Pension Partners GmbH, Munich

100.0

APK Infrastrukturfonds GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz ALD Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz Pension Service GmbH, Munich

100.0

APK-Argos 65 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz APAV Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz Pensionsfonds Aktiengesellschaft, Stuttgart

100.0

APK-Argos 75 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Asset Management GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Pensionskasse Aktiengesellschaft, Stuttgart

100.0

APK-Argos 85 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz AZL Vermögensverwaltung GmbH & Co. KG, Munich

100.0

Allianz PK-PD Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

APK-Argos 95 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz AZSE Master Funds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz PKV-PD Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

APKV Direkt Infrastruktur GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Beratungs- und Vertriebs-AG, Munich

100.0

Allianz Polch Logistics GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart

88.0

APKV Infrastrukturfonds GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Capital Partners GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Private Equity GmbH, Munich

100.0

APKV Private Equity Fonds GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Capital Partners Verwaltungs GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Private Equity Partners Verwaltungs GmbH, Munich

100.0

APKV-Argos 74 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Deutschland AG, Munich

100.0

Allianz Private Krankenversicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft, Munich

100.0

APKV-Argos 84 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Digital Health GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz ProzessFinanz GmbH, Munich

100.0

ARE Funds APK GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Direct Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz PV-RD Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

92.4 3

ARE Funds APKV GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Direct Versicherungs-AG, Munich

100.0

Allianz PV-WS Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

92.4 3

ARE Funds AZL GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz DLVR Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz Re Asia Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

ARE Funds AZV GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz EEE Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz Rechtsschutz-Service GmbH, Munich

100.0

AREF III GER 1 GmbH, Frankfurt am Main

100.0

Allianz EP GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Management GmbH, Sehestedt

100.0

AREF III GER 2 GmbH, Frankfurt am Main

100.0

Allianz Esa EuroShip GmbH, Bad Friedrichshall

51.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Subholding GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AREF III GER GmbH & Co. KG, Frankfurt am Main

100.0

Allianz Esa GmbH, Bad Friedrichshall

100.0

Allianz RFG Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Ashmore Emerging Market Corporates, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz FAD Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0

Allianz Risk Consulting GmbH, Munich

100.0

atpacvc Fund GmbH & Co. KG, Munich

100.0

Allianz Finanzbeteiligungs GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz SDR Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

atpacvc GmbH, Munich

100.0

Allianz Focus Teleport Beteiligungs-GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart

100.0

100.0

100.0

100.0 3

atpacvc GP GmbH, Munich

Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty SE, Munich

Allianz SE Ashmore Emerging Markets Corporates Fund,
Frankfurt am Main

Allianz Global Investors GmbH, Frankfurt am Main

100.0

Allianz SE-PD Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz Global Investors Holdings GmbH, Frankfurt am Main

100.0

Allianz GLR Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0

Allianz GLRS Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

245

0.0 2

3

3

3

3

Allianz Service Center GmbH, Unterföhring

100.0

Allianz SOA Fonds, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Allianz Stromversorgungs-GmbH, Munich

100.0

Atropos Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

Auros II GmbH, Munich

100.0

AV8 Ventures II GmbH & Co. KG, Munich

100.0

AVS Automotive VersicherungsService GmbH, Rüsselsheim

100.0

AZ ATLAS GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart

94.9
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

% owned1

% owned1

% owned1

AZ ATLAS Immo GmbH, Stuttgart

100.0

IDS GmbH - Analysis and Reporting Services, Munich

100.0

Windpark Dahme Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZ ATLAS Verwaltungs-GmbH, Stuttgart

100.0

Innovation Group AG, Stuttgart

100.0

Windpark Eckolstädt GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZ Northside GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart

94.0

Innovation Group Fleet & Mobility GmbH, Stuttgart

100.0

Windpark Emmendorf GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZ-Arges Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

Innovation Group Germany GmbH, Stuttgart

100.0

Windpark Emmendorf Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZ-Argos 56 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

Innovation Group Parts GmbH, Lauchhammer

100.0

Windpark Freyenstein-Halenbeck GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

Innovation Group Property GmbH, Cologne

100.0

Innovation Group Services GmbH, Leipzig

100.0

Windpark Freyenstein-Halenbeck Repowering GmbH & Co. KG,
Sehestedt

100.0

Kaiser X Labs GmbH, Munich

100.0

Windpark Kesfeld Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZ-Argos 71 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH & Co. KG,
Munich

100.0

AZ-Argos 88 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

AZL FOUR T1 GmbH, Frankfurt am Main

100.0

AZL PE Nr. 1 GmbH, Munich

100.0

KVM ServicePlus - Kunden- und Vertriebsmanagement GmbH,
Halle (Saale)

AZL-Argos 43 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

AZL-Argos 53 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

AZL-Argos 63 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

Windpark Kesfeld-Heckhuscheid GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

100.0

Windpark Kirf GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

MAWISTA GmbH, Plochingen

100.0

Windpark Kirf Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

META Finanz-Informationssysteme GmbH, Munich

100.0

Windpark Kittlitz GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

100.0

Mondial Kundenservice GmbH, Nuremberg

100.0

Windpark Kittlitz Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZL-Argos 73 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

myHealth X GmbH, Munich

100.0

Windpark Kleeste Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZL-Argos 83 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

PIMCO EM Corporates, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Windpark Pröttlin GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZL-Argos 89 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

PIMCO Europe GmbH, Munich

100.0

Windpark Pröttlin Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZL-Argos 93 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

PIMCO Prime Real Estate GmbH, Munich

100.0 4

Windpark Quitzow GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZL-Private Finance GmbH, Stuttgart

100.0

Projekt Hirschgarten MK8 GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart

94.9

Windpark Quitzow Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZRE AZD P&C Master Fund, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

REC Frankfurt Objekt GmbH & Co. KG, Hamburg

80.0

Windpark Redekin-Genthin GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZ-SGD Classic Infrastrukturfonds GmbH, Munich

100.0

REC Frankfurt zweite Objektverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH,
Hamburg

Windpark Redekin-Genthin Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

Windpark Schönwalde GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

Windpark Schönwalde Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

AZ-SGD Direkt Infrastruktur GmbH, Munich

100.0

AZ-SGD Infrastrukturfonds GmbH, Munich

100.0

AZ-SGD Private Equity Fonds 2 GmbH, Munich

100.0

AZ-SGD Private Equity Fonds GmbH, Munich

100.0

AZT Automotive GmbH, Ismaning

100.0

AZV-Argos 72 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

AZV-Argos 77 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

AZV-Argos 82 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

AZV-Argos 87 Vermögensverwaltungsgesellschaft mbH, Munich

100.0

Blitz 23-354 GmbH, Munich

100.0

Blue Incite GmbH, Munich

52.0

BrahmsQ Objekt GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart

94.8

ControlExpert GmbH, Langenfeld

100.0

ControlExpert Holding GmbH, Langenfeld

100.0

Deutsche Lebensversicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft, Berlin

100.0

DONATOR Beratungs GmbH, Munich

100.0

DONATOR Beteiligungsverwaltung GmbH, Munich

100.0

Driven By GmbH, Munich

100.0

EASTSIDE Joint Venture GmbH & Co. KG, Frankfurt am Main

50.0 2

EASTSIDE TAMARA GmbH, Frankfurt am Main

50.0 2

Euler Hermes Aktiengesellschaft, Hamburg

100.0

Euler Hermes Collections GmbH, Potsdam

100.0

GA Global Automotive Versicherungsservice GmbH, Halle (Saale)

100.0

Gateway Digital Services GmbH, Stuttgart

100.0

IconicFinance GmbH, Munich

100.0

246

60.0

RehaCare GmbH Gesellschaft der medizinischen und
beruflichen Rehabilitation, Munich

100.0

Roland Holding GmbH, Munich

75.6

Seine GmbH, Munich

100.0

Seine II GmbH, Munich

100.0

simplesurance GmbH, Berlin

100.0

Solvd GmbH, Munich

100.0

Spherion Beteiligungs GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart

100.0

Windpark Waltersdorf GmbH & Co. KG Renditefonds, Sehestedt

100.0

Windpark Waltersdorf Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

Windpark Werder Zinndorf GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

Windpark Werder Zinndorf Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

Wintec Autoglas GmbH, Limburg an der Lahn

100.0

Non-consolidated affiliates

Spherion Objekt GmbH & Co. KG, Stuttgart

89.9

Spherion Verwaltungs GmbH, Stuttgart

100.0

Syncier GmbH, Munich

100.0

UfS Beteiligungs-GmbH, Munich

100.0

VCIS Germany GmbH, Cologne

50.0

Vivy GmbH, Berlin

100.0

VLS Versicherungslogistik GmbH, Berlin

100.0

Volkswagen Autoversicherung AG, Braunschweig

100.0

Volkswagen Autoversicherung Holding GmbH, Braunschweig

49.0

VW AV, Frankfurt am Main

100.0 3

Windpark Aller-Leine-Tal GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

Windpark Berge-Kleeste GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

Windpark Büttel GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

Windpark Calau GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

Windpark Cottbuser See GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

Windpark Cottbuser See Repowering GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

Windpark Dahme GmbH & Co. KG, Sehestedt

100.0

2

2

AERS Consortio Aktiengesellschaft, Stuttgart

55.3

Allianz Global Benefits GmbH, Stuttgart

100.0

Allianz Objektbeteiligungs-GmbH, Stuttgart

100.0

Allianz Pension Consult GmbH, Stuttgart

100.0

Allianz zweite Objektbeteiligungs-GmbH, Stuttgart

100.0

AZ Beteiligungs-Management GmbH, Munich

100.0

Infrastruktur Putlitz Ost GmbH & Co. KG, Husum

70.8

manroland AG, Offenbach am Main

100.0 5,6

manroland Vertrieb und Service GmbH, Mühlheim am Main

100.0 6

Stiftung Allianz für Kinder gemeinnützige GmbH, Munich

100.0

Joint ventures
AQ Focus Teleport GmbH & Co. KG, Hamburg

50.0

AQ Focus Teleport Verwaltungs GmbH, Hamburg

50.0

AQ Überseehaus GmbH & Co. KG, Hamburg

39.9 7

AQ Überseehaus Verwaltungs GmbH, Hamburg

50.0

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

% owned1

% owned1

% owned1

AVAG Versicherungsvermittlungs-Gesellschaft mbH, Augsburg

50.0

1Insurer Holdings Limited, Fareham

100.0

Allianz 371 S.r.l., Verona

51.0

Dealis Fund Operations GmbH, Frankfurt am Main

50.0

1Insurer Inc., Schaumburg, IL

100.0

Allianz 391 S.r.l., Bolzano

51.0

Die BrückenKöpfe X BKX GmbH & Co. Invest KG, Berlin

50.0 3

1Insurer Limited, Fareham

100.0

Allianz 421 S.r.l., Reggio Emilia

51.0

EDGE Wriezener Karree Berlin GmbH & Co. KG, Frankfurt am Main

47.5 7

35° East SAS, Paris la Défense

100.0

Allianz 441 S.r.l., Ferrara

51.0

He Dreiht Investor GmbH, Karlsruhe

33.3 7

490 Fulton JV LP, Wilmington, DE

96.5

Allianz 481 S.r.l., Faenza

51.0

K&S Partnersysteme GmbH, Berlin

50.0

490 Fulton REIT LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz 501 S.r.l., Florence

51.0

PNE WIND Infrastruktur Calau II GmbH, Cuxhaven

50.0

490 Lower Unit GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz 671 S.r.l., L'Aquila

51.0

PNE WIND Park III GmbH & Co. KG, Cuxhaven

50.0

490 Lower Unit LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz 701 S.r.l., Corato

51.0

Rhino Management GmbH, Frankfurt am Main

50.0

ACRE Ginko Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz 841 S.r.l., Salerno

51.0

Seagull Portfolio GmbH & Co. KG, Frankfurt am Main

56.3 7

ACRE Hinoki Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz 871 S.r.l., Cosenza

51.0

SPN Service Partner Netzwerk GmbH, Munich

30.0 7

ACRE Sugi Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz 901 S.r.l., Palermo

51.0

UGG TopCo GmbH & Co. KG, Ismaning

41.8 7

ACRE Yuzu Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz Actions Aéquitas, Paris

63.1 3

UGG TopCo/HoldCo General Partner GmbH, Ismaning

41.8 7

AEIF II S.A. SICAV-RAIF, Senningerberg

100.0 3

Allianz Actions Emergentes, Paris

91.2 3

VGP Park München GmbH, Vaterstetten-Baldham

48.9 7

AEL EM PIMCO, Vienna

100.0 3

Allianz Actions Euro, Paris

37.9 2,3

AEM Energy Systems Ltd., Chalandri

100.0

Allianz Actions Euro Convictions, Paris

41.7 2,3

Aero-Fonte S.r.l., Misterbianco

100.0

Allianz Actions France, Paris

75.2 3

Associates
Autobahn Tank & Rast Gruppe GmbH & Co. KG, Bonn

25.0

AEV Allianz Invest Spezial 4, Vienna

100.0 3

Allianz Advisory Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Autobahn Tank & Rast Management GmbH, Bonn

25.0

AEV EM PIMCO, Vienna

100.0 3

Allianz Africa Services SA, Abidjan

100.0

AV Packaging GmbH, Munich

100.0 8

AEV Health Allianz Invest Spezial 14, Vienna

100.0 3

Allianz Air France IFC, Paris

100.0 3

Caldera Service GmbH, Hamburg

25.1

Affordable Housing CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz Alapkezelő Zrt., Budapest

100.0

Clark Holding SE, Frankfurt am Main

24.0

AFI2 Real Estate Fund (Compartment), Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Alpha Sector Rotation, Jakarta

36.6 2,3

DCSO Deutsche Cyber-Sicherheitsorganisation GmbH, Berlin

25.0

AGA Service Company Corp., Richmond, VA

100.0

Allianz Argentina Compañía de Seguros S.A., Buenos Aires

100.0

esa EuroShip GmbH & Co. KG Underwriting for Shipping, Bad
Friedrichshall

40.0

AGCS International Holding B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

Allianz Asia Holding Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

AGCS Marine Insurance Company Corp., Chicago, IL

100.0

AGF Inversiones S.A., Buenos Aires

100.0

Allianz Asia Pacific Private Credit Debt Holdings S.à r.l.,
Senningerberg

AIM Equity Europe Cantons, Paris

100.0 3

AIM Equity US, Paris

100.0

AIM Underwriting Limited, Toronto, ON

100.0

Allianz - Slovenská DSS a.s., Bratislava

100.0

Allianz - Slovenská poist'ovňa a.s., Bratislava

99.6

Allianz (UK) Limited, Guildford

100.0

Allianz 001 S.r.l., Velletri

51.0

Allianz 002 S.r.l., Rome

51.0

Allianz 003 S.r.l., Rome

51.0

Allianz 004 S.r.l., Rome

51.0

ESG Book GmbH, Frankfurt am Main

11.1 8

InnoSolutas GmbH, Bad Friedrichshall

25.0

KomfortDynamik Sondervermögen, Frankfurt am Main

0.6 3,8

Norsea Gas GmbH, Friedeburg-Etzel

28.0

Seagull Deutschland GP GmbH, Frankfurt am Main

49.9

T&R MLP GmbH, Bonn

25.0

T&R Real Estate GmbH, Bonn

25.0

Umspannwerk Putlitz GmbH & Co. KG, Oldenburg

25.4

Verimi GmbH, Berlin

8.2

8

Windkraft Kirf Infrastruktur GmbH, Neumagen-Dhron

50.0

8

Foreign entities
Consolidated affiliates
1739908 Ontario Ltd., Toronto, ON

100.0

1800 M Owner GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

1800 M REIT GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

1800 M Street Owner LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

1800 M Street REIT LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

1800 M Street TRS LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

1800 M Street Venture LP, Wilmington, DE

45.0 2

1Insurer Australia Pty Limited, Melbourne

100.0

247

Allianz 071 S.r.l., Sassari

51.0

Allianz 1 Liverpool Street Holding S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz 101 Moorgate Holding S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz 101 S.r.l., Turin

51.0

Allianz 111 S.r.l., Saint-Christophe

51.0

Allianz 231 S.r.l., Merate

51.0

Allianz 261 S.r.l., Crema

51.0

Allianz 311 S.r.l., Milan

51.0

Allianz 312 S.r.l., Castelfranco Veneto

51.0

Allianz 351 S.r.l., Este

51.0

3

0.0 2

Allianz Asia Pacific Private Credit Debt SecCo S.à r.l., Luxembourg

0.0 2

Allianz Asia Private Credit Funds S.A. SICAV-RAIF, Senningerberg

100.0 3

Allianz Asia Private Credit Funds S.A. SICAV-RAIF
(Compartment III), Senningerberg

0.0 2,3

Allianz Asset Management of America Holdings Inc., Dover, DE

100.0

Allianz Asset Management of America LLC, Dover, DE

100.0

Allianz Asset Management U.S. Holding II LLC, Dover, DE

100.0

Allianz Australia Claim Services Pty Limited, Sydney

100.0

Allianz Australia Employee Share Plan Pty Limited, Sydney

100.0

Allianz Australia General Insurance Pty Ltd., Sydney

100.0

Allianz Australia Insurance Limited, Sydney

100.0

Allianz Australia Life Insurance Holdings Limited, Sydney

100.0

Allianz Australia Life Insurance Limited, Sydney

100.0

Allianz Australia Life Policy Services Pty Limited, Sydney

100.0

Allianz Australia Limited, Sydney

100.0

Allianz Australia Services Pty Limited, Sydney

100.0

Allianz Australia Workers' Compensation (NSW) Limited, Sydney

100.0

Allianz Australia Workers' Compensation (Victoria) Limited, Sydney

100.0

Allianz Australian Real Estate Trust, Sydney

99.9 3

Allianz Aviation Managers LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

% owned1

% owned1

% owned1

Allianz Ayudhya Assurance Public Company Limited, Bangkok

82.8

Allianz Euro Core Infrastructure Debt GP S.à r.l., Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Ayudhya Capital Public Company Limited, Bangkok

49.0 2

Allianz Europe B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

Allianz Europe Small and Micro Cap Equity, Senningerberg

100.0 3

Allianz European Infrastructure II GP S.à r.l., Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Ayudhya General Insurance Public Company Limited,
Bangkok

100.0

Allianz Bank Bulgaria AD, Sofia

99.9

Allianz Bank Financial Advisors S.p.A., Milan

100.0

Allianz Banque S.A., Paris la Défense

100.0

Allianz Benelux S.A., Brussels

100.0

Allianz Bonds Euro High Yield, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Bulgaria Holding AD, Sofia

66.2

Allianz Business Services Limited, Guildford

100.0

Allianz Capital Partners of America LLC, Dover, DE

100.0

Allianz Carbon Investments B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

Allianz Cash SAS, Paris la Défense

100.0

Allianz Chicago Private Reit LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz China Future Technologies, Senningerberg

72.4

Allianz China Healthy Living, Senningerberg

97.2 3

Allianz China Insurance Holding Limited, Shanghai

100.0

Allianz China Life Insurance Co. Ltd., Shanghai

100.0

Allianz Climate Transition, Senningerberg

42.7 2,3

Allianz Colombia S.A., Bogotá D.C.

100.0

Allianz European Private Credit Debt Fund, Senningerberg

3

Allianz Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros S.A., Madrid

99.9

Allianz Core Private Markets, Senningerberg

100.0 3

Allianz Creactions 1, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Creactions II, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Crowdfunding Fund I FPCI, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Crowdlending, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz CV Investor GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz CV Management LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz Debt Fund FPS, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Debt Fund S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Debt Fund SCSp SICAV-SIF, Luxembourg

89.3 3

Allianz Debt Investments PCREL S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0 3

Allianz Debt Investments S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Debt Investments SCSp SICAV-SIF, Luxembourg

100.0 3

Allianz Digital Services Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz Direct S.p.A., Milan

100.0

Allianz do Brasil Participações Ltda., São Paulo

100.0

Allianz Eiffel Square Kft., Budapest

100.0

Allianz Elementar Lebensversicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft, Vienna

100.0

Allianz Elementar Versicherungs-Aktiengesellschaft, Vienna

100.0

Allianz Emerging Markets Sovereign Bond, Senningerberg

46.2 2,3

Allianz Engineering Inspection Services Limited, Guildford

100.0

Allianz Equity Emerging Markets 1, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Equity Investments Ltd., Guildford

100.0

248

0.0 2,3

Allianz European Reliance Single Member Insurance S.A., Athens

100.0

Allianz Finance Corporation, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz Finance II B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

Allianz Finance II Luxembourg S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Finance III B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

Allianz Finance IV Luxembourg S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Finance IX Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Finance VII Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Finance VIII Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Finance X Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg

93.2

Allianz Fire and Marine Insurance Japan Ltd., Tokyo

100.0

Allianz FMO SDG Loan Fund S.C.A. SICAV-SIF, Senningerberg
Allianz Foglalkoztatói Nyugdíjszolgáltató Zrt., Budapest

Allianz Global Diversified Private Debt Fund GP S.à r.l.,
Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Global Diversified Private Debt Fund II GP S.à r.l.,
Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Global Infrastructure and Energy Transition Debt Fund
GP S.à r.l., Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Global Infrastructure and Energy Transition Debt Fund
SCSp SICAV-RAIF, Senningerberg

100.0 3

Allianz Global Investors (Schweiz) AG, Zurich

100.0

Allianz Global Investors Asia Pacific Ltd., Hong Kong

100.0

Allianz Global Investors Fund Management Co. Ltd., Shanghai

100.0

Allianz Global Investors Holdings Ltd., London

100.0

Allianz Global Investors Ireland Ltd., Dublin

100.0

Allianz Global Investors Japan Co. Ltd., Tokyo

100.0

Allianz Global Investors Management Consulting (Shanghai)
Limited, Shanghai

100.0

Allianz Global Investors Nominee Services Ltd., George Town

100.0

100.0 3

Allianz Global Investors Overseas Asset Management
(Shanghai) Limited, Shanghai

100.0

100.0

Allianz Global Investors Singapore Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz France Avenir, Paris

56.4 3

Allianz Global Investors Taiwan Ltd., Taipei

100.0

Allianz France Favart I, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Global Investors U.S. Holdings LLC, Dover, DE

100.0

Allianz France Immobilier Expansion - AFIX, Paris la Défense

100.0

Allianz Global Investors U.S. LLC, Dover, DE

100.0

Allianz France Real Estate Invest SPPICAV, Paris la Défense

100.0

Allianz Global Investors UK Limited, London

100.0

Allianz France Real Estate S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Global Life dac, Dublin

100.0

Allianz France Relance, Senningerberg

77.4 3

Allianz France Richelieu 1 S.A.S., Paris la Défense

100.0

Allianz Global Private Debt Opportunities Feeder Fund SA
SICAV-RAIF, Senningerberg

100.0 3

Allianz France S.A., Paris la Défense

100.0

Allianz France US REIT GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz Global Private Debt Opportunities Fund GP S.à r.l.,
Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz France US REIT LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz Global Real Assets and Private Markets Fund S.A.
SICAV-RAIF, Senningerberg

100.0 3

Allianz Fund Investments 2 S.A. (Compartment), Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Fund Investments Inc., Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz Global Real Estate Debt Opportunities Fund GP S.à r.l.,
Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Fund Investments S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Global Risks US Insurance Company Corp., Chicago, IL

100.0

Allianz General Insurance Company (Malaysia) Berhad, Kuala
Lumpur

100.0

Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty do Brasil Participações
Ltda., Rio de Janeiro

100.0

Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty of Africa (Proprietary) Ltd.,
Johannesburg
Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty Resseguros Brasil S.A., São
Paulo

Allianz Hayat ve Emeklilik A.S., Istanbul

89.0

Allianz Hedeland Logistics ApS, Copenhagen

100.0

Allianz Hold Co Real Estate S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Holding eins GmbH, Vienna

100.0

100.0

Allianz Holding France SAS, Paris la Défense

100.0

Allianz Holdings p.l.c., Dublin

100.0

100.0

Allianz Holdings plc, Guildford

100.0

Allianz Home Equity Income GP 1 Limited, London

100.0

Allianz Global Corporate & Specialty South Africa Ltd.,
Johannesburg

100.0

Allianz Global Diversified Dividend, Senningerberg

99.3

Allianz Global Diversified Infrastructure Equity GP S.à r.l.,
Senningerberg
Allianz Global Diversified Infrastructure Equity II GP S.à r.l.,
Senningerberg

Allianz Hospitaliers Valeurs Durables, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Hrvatska d.d., Zagreb

100.0

100.0

Allianz Hungária Biztosító Zrt., Budapest

100.0

Allianz HY Investor GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

100.0

Allianz HY Investor LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz I.A.R.D. S.A., Paris la Défense

100.0

3

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

% owned1

% owned1

% owned1

Allianz IARD EM Debt, Paris

100.0

Allianz Lietuva gyvybės draudimas UAB, Vilnius

100.0

Allianz Patrimoine Immobilier SAS, Paris la Défense

100.0

Allianz IARD Multi-Assets, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Life Financial Services LLC, Minneapolis, MN

100.0

Allianz PCREL US Debt S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz IARD Vintage FCPR, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Life Insurance Company of Missouri Corp., Clayton, MO

100.0

Allianz Pension Fund Trustees Ltd., Guildford

100.0

Allianz Immovalor S.A., Paris la Défense

100.0

Allianz Life Insurance Company of New York Corp., New York, NY

100.0

Allianz Pensionskasse Aktiengesellschaft, Vienna

100.0

Allianz Impact Credit Solutions GP S.à r.l., Senningerberg

100.0

100.0

100.0

100.0 3

Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America Corp.,
Minneapolis, MN

Allianz penzijní spolecnost a.s., Prague

Allianz Impact Green Bond, Paris

100.0

100.0

94.9

Allianz Infrastructure Holding I Pte. Ltd., Singapore

Allianz Life Insurance Lanka Ltd., Colombo

Allianz Perfekta 71 S.A., Luxembourg

Allianz Infrastructure Luxembourg Holdco I S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Life Insurance Malaysia Berhad, Kuala Lumpur

100.0

Allianz Infrastructure Luxembourg Holdco II S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Life Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Infrastructure Luxembourg Holdco III S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Malaysia Berhad, Kuala Lumpur

75.0

Allianz Infrastructure Luxembourg Holdco IV S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Management Services Limited, Guildford

100.0

Allianz Infrastructure Luxembourg I S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Marine & Transit Underwriting Agency Pty Ltd., Sydney

100.0

Allianz Infrastructure Luxembourg II S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Marine (UK) Ltd., London

100.0

Allianz Infrastructure Luxembourg III S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz MENA Holding (Bermuda) Limited, Hamilton

100.0

Allianz Infrastructure Norway Holdco I S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Meridiam Infra Avenir SCSp, Luxembourg

100.0 3

Allianz Infrastructure Spain Holdco I S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Infrastructure Spain Holdco II S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Insurance Agents - Insurance Agents' Coordinators
Single-member Ltd., Athens

3

Allianz PNB Life Insurance Inc., Makati City

51.0

Allianz pojistovna a.s., Prague

100.0

Allianz Polska Services Sp. z o.o., Warsaw

100.0

Allianz Premie Pensioen Instelling B.V., Rotterdam

100.0

Allianz Premium Champions, Senningerberg

97.3 3

Allianz Presse Infra GP S.à r.l., Luxembourg

92.4

Allianz Presse Infra S.C.S., Luxembourg

92.4

Allianz Presse US REIT GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

92.4

Allianz Presse US REIT LP, Wilmington, DE

92.4

Allianz Private Credit Fund S.A. SICAV-RAIF, Senningerberg

100.0 3
100.0

Allianz Metaverse, Senningerberg

94.8 3

Allianz México S.A. Compañía de Seguros, Mexico City

100.0

Allianz Mid Cap Loans FCT, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Private Debt Secondary Feeder Fund I SA SICAV-RAIF,
Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Multi Croissance, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Private Debt Secondary Fund I GP S.à r.l., Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Insurance Asset Management Co. Ltd., Beijing

100.0

Allianz Multi Dynamisme, Paris

94.2 3

Allianz Private Equity Co-Investment Fund SCSp, Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Insurance Lanka Limited, Colombo

100.0

Allianz Multi Equilibre, Paris

98.1 3

Allianz Private Equity Fund SCSp, Senningerberg

98.1 3

Allianz Insurance Laos Co. Ltd., Vientiane

51.0

Allianz Multi Harmonie, Paris

99.2 3

Allianz Private Equity GP S.à r.l., Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Insurance plc, Guildford

100.0

Allianz Multi Horizon 2027-2029, Paris

41.7 2,3

Allianz Private Equity Partners Europa III, Milan

99.6 3

Allianz Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz Multi Horizon 2030-2032, Paris

37.5

2,3

Allianz Private Equity Partners IV, Milan

100.0 3

Allianz Inversiones S.A., Bogotá D.C.

100.0

Allianz Multi Horizon 2033-2035, Paris

65.6

3

Allianz Private Equity Partners V, Milan

100.0 3

Allianz Invest 10, Vienna

100.0 3

Allianz Multi Horizon 2036-2038, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Private Markets GP S.à r.l., Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Invest 11, Vienna

100.0 3

Allianz Multi Horizon 2039-2041, Paris

99.5 3

Allianz Invest 12, Vienna

100.0 3

Allianz Multi Horizon Court Terme, Paris

57.7 3

Allianz Private Markets Solutions Fund S.A. SICAV-RAIF,
Senningerberg

100.0 3

Allianz Invest d.o.o., Zagreb

100.0

Allianz Multi Horizon Long Terme, Paris

38.8 2,3

Allianz Invest Kapitalanlagegesellschaft mbH, Vienna

100.0

Allianz Multi Opportunités, Paris

99.6 3

Allianz Invest Osteuropa Rentenfonds, Vienna

92.0 3

Allianz Multi Rendement Réel, Paris

79.8 3

Allianz Invest Spezial 13, Vienna

100.0

3

Allianz Multi Tempéré ISR, Paris

99.8

Allianz Invest Spezial 3, Vienna

100.0

3

Allianz Mutual Funds Management Company S.A., Athens

100.0

Allianz Investment Management LLC, St. Paul, MN

100.0

Allianz Nederland Groep N.V., Rotterdam

100.0

Allianz Investment Management Singapore Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz Neo ISR 2022, Senningerberg

100.0 3

Allianz Investment Management U.S. LLC, St. Paul, MN

100.0

Allianz New Zealand Limited, Auckland

100.0

Allianz Investments HoldCo S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Nikko Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz Investments I Luxembourg S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Nikko1 Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz Investments III Luxembourg S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Nikko2 Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz Jewel Fund ICAV, Dublin

100.0 3

Allianz Nikko3 Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz Jingdong General Insurance Company Ltd., Guangzhou

53.3

Allianz Obligations Internationales, Paris

82.3

Allianz kontakt s.r.o., Prague

100.0

Allianz of America Inc., Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz Leasing Bulgaria AD, Sofia

100.0

Allianz Opéra, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Leben Real Estate Holding I S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz p.l.c., Dublin

100.0

Allianz Leben Real Estate Holding II S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Partners SAS, Saint-Ouen

100.0

249

3

3

Allianz Properties Limited, Guildford

100.0

Allianz Protect 85, Luxembourg

100.0 3

Allianz Quantitative Analytics Sp. z o.o., Warsaw

100.0

Allianz Re Argentina S.A., Buenos Aires

100.0

Allianz Re Dublin dac, Dublin

100.0

Allianz Real Estate Investment S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Real Estate Trust II (1), Sydney

99.2 3

Allianz Real Estate Trust II (2), Sydney

99.2 3

Allianz Real Estate Trust III (1), Sydney

97.9 3

Allianz Real Estate Trust III (1) Sub-trust (1), Sydney

100.0 3

Allianz Real Estate Trust III (2), Sydney

97.9 3

Allianz Real Estate Trust IV, Sydney

95.5 3

Allianz Reinsurance America Inc., Glendale, CA

100.0

Allianz Reinsurance Management Services Inc., Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Fund III GP SCSp, Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Fund III Lux GP S.à r.l.,
Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Fund Management 1 Ltd., London

100.0

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

% owned1

% owned1

% owned1

Allianz Renewable Energy Management AT II GmbH, Pottenbrunn

100.0

Allianz SAS S.A.S., Bogotá D.C.

100.0

Allianz Technology Sdn. Bhd., Kuala Lumpur

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners I LP, London

100.0

Allianz Saúde S.A., São Paulo

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners II Limited, London

100.0

Allianz Saudi Fransi Cooperative Insurance Company, Riyadh

51.0

Allianz Tiriac Pensii Private Societate de administrare a
fondurilor de pensii private S.A., Bucharest

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners III LP, London

99.3

Allianz Sécurité, Paris

89.4 3

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners IV Limited, London

99.3

Allianz Sécurité PEA, Paris

32.7

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners IX Limited, London

99.2

Allianz Seguros de Vida S.A., Bogotá D.C.

100.0

Allianz Seguros S.A., São Paulo

100.0

Allianz Seguros S.A., Bogotá D.C.

100.0

Allianz Selection Alternative, Senningerberg

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners Luxembourg Holdco II S.à
r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners Luxembourg Holdco IV S.A.,
Luxembourg

98.7

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners Luxembourg Holdco VI S.A.,
Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners Luxembourg II S.A.,
Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners Luxembourg IV S.A.,
Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners Luxembourg V S.A.,
Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners Luxembourg VI S.A.,
Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners Luxembourg VIII S.A.,
Luxembourg

100.0

2,3

100.0

Allianz Selection Fixed Income, Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Selection Small and Midcap Equity, Senningerberg

100.0 3

Allianz Ukraine LLC, Kyiv

100.0

Allianz Senior European Infrastructure Debt Fund GP S.à r.l.,
Senningerberg

Allianz Underwriters Insurance Company Corp., Chicago, IL

100.0

100.0

Allianz US Debt Holding S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Services (UK) Limited, London

100.0

Allianz Services Mauritius LLC, Ebene

100.0

Allianz US Income Growth Advisory Master Fundo de
Investimento Multimercado Investimento no Exterior, São Paulo

96.4 3

Allianz Services Private Ltd., Thiruvananthapuram

100.0

Allianz Sigorta A.S., Istanbul

96.2

Allianz Social Conviction Equity, Senningerberg

75.0 3

Allianz Sp. z o.o., Warsaw

100.0

100.0

Allianz Special Opportunities Alternative Fund, Milan

100.0

3

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners V Limited, London

100.0

Allianz Sport et Bien-être, Paris

76.5

3

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners VI Limited, London

100.0

Allianz Strategic Investments LLC, St. Paul, MN

100.0

100.0

Allianz Strategic Investments S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners VIII Limited, London

100.0

Allianz Strategy Select 50, Senningerberg

50.0

Allianz Residential Mortgage Company S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Suisse Immobilien AG, Wallisellen

100.0

Allianz Resilient Credit Euro Fund GP S.à r.l., Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz Suisse Lebensversicherungs-Gesellschaft AG, Wallisellen

100.0

Allianz Suisse Versicherungs-Gesellschaft AG, Wallisellen

100.0

Allianz Sustainable Health Evolution, Senningerberg

73.5 3

Allianz Taiwan Life Insurance Co. Ltd., Taipei

99.7

Allianz Team, Paris

85.4

Allianz Resilient Opportunistic Credit Fund SCSp SICAV-RAIF,
Senningerberg

90.9 3

Allianz Retraite S.A., Paris la Défense

100.0

Allianz Risk Consulting LLC, Glendale, CA

100.0

Allianz Risk Transfer (Bermuda) Ltd., Hamilton

100.0

Allianz Risk Transfer AG, Schaan

100.0

Allianz Risk Transfer Inc., New York, NY

100.0

Allianz Rupiah Liquid Fund, Jakarta

77.7

3

Allianz S.A. de C.V., Mexico City

100.0

Allianz S.p.A., Milan

100.0

Allianz Saint-Marc CL, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Sakura Multifamily 1 Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz Sakura Multifamily 2 Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Allianz Sakura Multifamily Lux GP S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Sakura Multifamily Lux SCSp, Luxembourg

100.0

250

100.0
100.0

100.0

100.0

100.0

Allianz U.S. Private REIT LP, Wilmington, DE
Allianz UK Infrastructure Debt GP Limited, London

Allianz South America Holding B.V., Amsterdam

Allianz Resilient Opportunistic Credit Fund GP S.à r.l.,
Senningerberg

100.0

Allianz U.S. Private REIT GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

3

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners VII LP, London

Allianz U.S. Investment LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

100.0

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners of America LLC,
Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz UK Infrastructure Debt GP 2 Limited, London

Allianz Soluciones de Inversión AV S.A., Madrid

100.0

100.0

Allianz U.S. Investment GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

3

Allianz Société Financière S.à r.l., Luxembourg

Allianz Renewable Energy Partners of America 2 LLC,
Wilmington, DE

Allianz Tulip GP S.à r.l., Senningerberg

2,3

3

Allianz Team Formule 1, Paris

96.6 3

Allianz Technology (Slovakia) s.r.o., Bratislava

100.0

Allianz Technology (Thailand) Co. Ltd., Bangkok

100.0

Allianz Technology AG, Wallisellen

100.0

Allianz Technology GmbH, Vienna

100.0

Allianz Technology International B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

Allianz Technology Ltda., São Bernardo do Campo
Allianz Technology of America Inc., Wilmington, DE

Allianz US Large CAP Value, Senningerberg

77.6 3

Allianz US Private Credit Solutions GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz Valeurs Durables, Paris

38.5 2,3

Allianz Value S.r.l., Milan

100.0

Allianz Vermogen B.V., Rotterdam

100.0

Allianz Vie EM Debt, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz VIE Multi-Assets, Paris

100.0 3

Allianz Vie S.A., Paris la Défense

100.0

Allianz Viva S.p.A., Milan

100.0

Allianz Vorsorgekasse AG, Vienna

100.0

Allianz Working Capital Investment Grade Fund, Senningerberg

80.0 3

Allianz Worldwide Partners (Hong Kong) Ltd., Hong Kong

100.0

Allianz X Euler Hermes Co-Investments S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz X North America LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Allianz Yasam ve Emeklilik A.S., Istanbul

80.0

Allianz Yield Plus Fund, Hong Kong

100.0 3

Allianz ZB d.o.o. Mandatory and Voluntary Pension Funds
Management Company, Zagreb

51.0

AllianzGI USD Infrastructure Debt Fund GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

AllianzIM U.S. Large Cap Buffer10 Mar ETF, Wilmington, DE

66.7 3

Allianz-Tiriac Asigurari SA, Bucharest

52.2

Allianz-Tiriac Unit Asigurari S.A., Bucharest

100.0

Allvest Active Invest, Luxembourg

86.0 3

Allvest Passive Invest, Luxembourg

92.0 3

100.0

Altair - Fondo di Investimento Alternativo Immobiliare di Tipo
Chiuso, Rome

100.0 3

100.0

Alter Ego S.A., Chalandri

97.3

Allianz Technology S.L., Barcelona

100.0

American Automobile Insurance Company Corp., Clayton, MO

100.0

Allianz Technology S.p.A., Milan

100.0

APECO GP S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Allianz Technology s.r.o., Prague

100.0

APEF Feeder FCP-RAIF, Luxembourg

46.4 2,3

Allianz Technology SAS, Paris la Défense

100.0

APEH Europe VI, Paris

99.6 3

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

% owned1

% owned1

% owned1

APEH Europe VII, Paris

100.0

AWP RUS LLC, Moscow

100.0

BPS Brindisi 213 S.r.l., Lecce

100.0

APK US Investment GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

AWP Service Brasil Ltda., São Bernardo do Campo

100.0

BPS Brindisi 222 S.r.l., Lecce

100.0

APK US Investment LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

AWP Services (India) Private Limited, Gurgaon

100.0

BPS Mesagne 214 S.r.l., Lecce

100.0

APKV US Private REIT GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

AWP Services (Thailand) Co. Ltd., Bangkok

100.0

BPS Mesagne 215 S.r.l., Lecce

100.0

APKV US Private REIT LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

AWP Services Belgium S.A., Brussels

100.0

BPS Mesagne 216 S.r.l., Lecce

100.0

APP Broker S.r.l., Trieste

100.0

AWP Services New Zealand Limited, Auckland

100.0

BPS Mesagne 223 S.r.l., Lecce

100.0

Appia Investments S.r.l., Milan

57.6

AWP Services NL B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

BPS Mesagne 224 S.r.l., Lecce

100.0

APTO DC Limited, London

100.0

AWP Services Sdn. Bhd., Kuala Lumpur

100.0

Brasil de Imóveis e Participações Ltda., São Paulo

100.0

Aqua Holdings (Thailand) Company Limited, Bangkok

100.0

AWP Services Singapore Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

BRAVO II CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

ARAGO, Paris

100.0 3

AWP Servicios Mexico S.A. de C.V., Mexico City

100.0

BRAVO III CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Arcturus MF GK, Tokyo

100.0

AWP Servis Hizmetleri A.S., Istanbul

97.0

BRAVO IV CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Arges Investments I N.V., Amsterdam

100.0

AWP Solutions CR a SR s.r.o., Prague

100.0

BRAVO IV Holding Fund CIV I LP, George Town

100.0 3

Arges Investments II N.V., Amsterdam

100.0

Argos US Forest Invest L.P., Wilmington, DE

100.0

AWP Ticket Guard Small Amount & Short Term Insurance Co.
Ltd., Tokyo

100.0

Argos US Forest Invest REIT GP Inc., Wilmington, DE

100.0

AWP USA Inc., Richmond, VA

100.0

Argos US Forest Invest REIT L.P., Wilmington, DE

100.0

Axios Bidco Limited, Whiteley

100.0

Argos US Forest Invest REIT TRS Inc., Wilmington, DE

100.0

AZ Euro Investments II S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Asit Services S.R.L., Bucharest

100.0

AZ Euro Investments S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

AZ Jupiter 10 B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

3

Assistance, Courtage d'Assurance et de Réassurance S.A., Paris
la Défense

100.0

AZ Jupiter 11 B.V., Amsterdam

97.8

Assurances Médicales SA, Metz

100.0

AZ Jupiter 8 B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

Atlas Fund, Milan

100.0 3

AZ Jupiter 9 B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

atpacvc LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

AZ Real Estate GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

AVS Automotive Versicherungsvermittlung GmbH, Vienna

100.0

AZ Servisni centar d.o.o., Zagreb

100.0

AWP Argentina S.A., Buenos Aires

100.0

AZ Vers US Private REIT GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

AWP Assistance (India) Private Limited, Gurgaon

100.0

AZ Vers US Private REIT LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

AWP Assistance Ireland Limited, Dublin

100.0

AZ-CR Seed Investor LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

AWP Assistance Service España S.A., Madrid

100.0

AZGA Insurance Agency Canada Ltd., Kitchener, ON

100.0

AWP Assistance UK Ltd., London

100.0

AZGA Service Canada Inc., Kitchener, ON

55.0

AWP Australia Holdings Pty Ltd., Brisbane

100.0

AZL PF Investments Inc., Minneapolis, MN

100.0

AWP Australia Pty Ltd., Brisbane

100.0

AZOA Services Corporation, New York, NY

100.0

AWP Austria GmbH, Vienna

100.0

AZP Malaysia Agency Sdn. Bhd., Kuala Lumpur

100.0

AWP Brokers & Services Hellas S.A., Athens

100.0

AZWP Services Portugal Lda., Lisbon

100.0

AWP Business Services (Beijing) Co. Ltd., Beijing

100.0

B & G Group S.r.l., Rome

51.0

AWP Colombia SAS, Bogotá D.C.

100.0

Barcelona Sea Offices S.A., Barcelona

100.0

AWP Contact Center Italia S.r.l., Milan

100.0

BBVA Allianz Seguros y Reaseguros S.A., Madrid

50.0 2

AWP France SAS, Saint-Ouen

95.0

BCP-AZ Investment L.P., Wilmington, DE

98.0

AWP Health & Life S.A., Saint-Ouen

100.0

Beleggingsmaatschappij Willemsbruggen B.V., Rotterdam

100.0

AWP Health & Life Services Limited, Dublin

100.0

Berkley Investments S.A., Warsaw

100.0

AWP Japan Co. Ltd., Tokyo

100.0

AWP MEA Holdings Co. W.L.L., Manama

100.0

Beykoz Gayrimenkul Yatirim Insaat Turizm Sanayi ve Ticaret
A.S., Ankara

100.0

AWP Mexico S.A. de C.V., Mexico City

100.0

Bilans Service S.N.C., Courbevoie

50.0

AWP P&C S.A., Saint-Ouen

100.0

AWP Polska Sp. z o.o., Warsaw

100.0

AWP Réunion SAS, Sainte-Marie

100.0

251

BN Infrastruktur GmbH, St. Pölten

74.9

Borgo San Felice S.r.l., Castelnuovo Berardenga

100.0

BPS Brindisi 211 S.r.l., Lecce

100.0

2

Brobacken Nät AB, Stockholm

100.0

Brunswick S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

BSMC (Thailand) Company Limited, Bangkok

100.0

Buddies Enterprises Limited, Guildford

100.0

Business Process Innovation Botswana Pty Limited, Gaborone

100.0

C.E.P.E. de Bajouve S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

C.E.P.E. de Haut Chemin S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

C.E.P.E. de la Baume S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

C.E.P.E. de la Forterre S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

C.E.P.E. de Vieille Carrière S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

C.E.P.E. du Blaiseron S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

C.E.P.E. du Bois de la Serre S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

Calobra Investments Sp. z o.o., Warsaw

100.0

CAP, Rechtsschutz-Versicherungsgesellschaft AG, Wallisellen

100.0

Caroline Berlin S.C.S., Luxembourg

93.2

Castle Field Limited, Hong Kong

100.0

CCAF GP I LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

CELUHO S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Central Shopping Center a.s., Bratislava

100.0

Centrale Photovoltaique de Saint Marcel sur Aude SAS, Versailles

100.0

Centrale Photovoltaique de Valensole SAS, Versailles

100.0

CEPE de Langres Sud S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

CEPE de Mont Gimont S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

CEPE de Sambres S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

CEPE des Portes de la Côte d'Or S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

Ceres Holding I S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Ceres Warsaw Gorzow Sp. z o.o., Warsaw

100.0

Ceres Weert B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

Chicago Insurance Company Corp., Chicago, IL

100.0

CIC Allianz Insurance Limited, Sydney

100.0

CIMU 92, Saint-Denis

53.5 3

Citizen Capital Impact Initiative, Paris

72.0 3

Climmolux Holding SA, Luxembourg

100.0
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

% owned1

% owned1

% owned1

Club Marine Limited, Sydney

100.0

EDCO CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Euler Hermes S.A., Brussels

100.0

COF II CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

EDCO Holdco S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Euler Hermes Seguros S.A., São Paulo

100.0

COF III CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

EDCO Nevern S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Euler Hermes Service AB, Stockholm

100.0

COF III Holding Fund CIV I LP, George Town

100.0 3

EDCO Pembroke S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Euler Hermes Services B.V., 's-Hertogenbosch

100.0

COF IV CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

EDCO UK CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Euler Hermes Services Belgium S.A., Brussels

100.0

COF IV Holding Fund CIV I LP, George Town

100.0 3

EF Solutions LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Euler Hermes Services Bulgaria EOOD, Sofia

100.0

Columbia REIT - 221 Main Street LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

EH 39 Ouest, Paris la Défense

100.0 3

Euler Hermes Services Ceská republika s.r.o., Prague

100.0

Columbia REIT - 333 Market Street LP, Wilmington, DE

45.0 2

Eiger Institutional Fund - Obligationen Welt, Basel

100.0 3

Euler Hermes Services India Private Limited, Mumbai

100.0

Columbia REIT - University Circle LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Elite Prize Limited, Hong Kong

100.0

Euler Hermes Services Ireland Limited, Dublin

100.0

Companhia de Seguros Allianz Portugal S.A., Lisbon

64.8

Elix Vintage Residencial SOCIMI S.A., Madrid

100.0

Euler Hermes Services Italia S.r.l., Rome

100.0

Compañía Colombiana de Servicio Automotriz S.A., Bogotá D.C.

100.0

ELVIA e-invest AG, Wallisellen

100.0

Euler Hermes Services North America LLC, Owings Mills, MD

100.0

Consultatio Renta Mixta F.C.I., Buenos Aires

100.0 3

EMac Limited, Whiteley

100.0

Euler Hermes Services Romania S.R.L., Bucharest

100.0

Control Expert Gestao Comercio e Desenvolvimento Ltda., Jundiaí

100.0

Emerging Market Climate Action Fund GP S.à r.l., Senningerberg

100.0

Euler Hermes Services S.A.S., Paris la Défense

100.0

Control Expert Italia S.r.l., Venice

100.0

Energie Eolienne Lusanger S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

Euler Hermes Services Schweiz AG, Wallisellen

100.0

Control Expert Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V., Mexico City

95.0

Enertrag-Dunowo Sp. z o.o., Szczecin

100.0

Euler Hermes Services South Africa (Pty) Ltd., Johannesburg

100.0

Control Expert Systems Technologies S.L., Madrid

100.0

Eolica Erchie S.r.l., Lecce

100.0

Euler Hermes Services Tunisia S.à r.l., Tunis

100.0

ControlExpert Argentina SRL, Buenos Aires

100.0

EP Tactical GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Euler Hermes Services UK Limited, London

100.0

ControlExpert Australia Pty Ltd., Sydney

100.0

Euler Hermes Acmar SA, Casablanca

55.0

Euler Hermes Serviços de Gestão de Riscos Ltda., São Paulo

100.0

ControlExpert Chile Spa, Las Condes

100.0

Euler Hermes Acmar Services SARL, Casablanca

100.0

Euler Hermes Sigorta A.S., Istanbul

100.0

ControlExpert Colombia SAS, Bogotá D.C.

100.0

Euler Hermes Asset Management France S.A., Paris la Défense

100.0

Euler Hermes Singapore Services Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

ControlExpert Holding B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

Euler Hermes Australia Pty Limited, Sydney

100.0

Euler Hermes South Express S.A., Ixelles

100.0

ControlExpert Hong Kong Corp. Limited, Hong Kong

100.0

Euler Hermes Canada Services Inc., Montreal, QC

100.0

Euler Hermes Taiwan Services Limited, Taipei

100.0

ControlExpert Inc., Wilmington, DE

100.0

Euler Hermes Collections North America Company, Owings Mills, MD

100.0

ControlExpert Japan KK, Tokyo

100.0

Euler Hermes Collections Sp. z o.o., Warsaw

100.0

Euler Hermes, Okurowska-Minkiewicz, Maliszewski - Kancelaria
Prawna Sp.k, Warsaw

100.0

ControlExpert Polska Sp. z o.o., Warsaw

100.0

Euler Hermes Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Shanghai

100.0

Eurl 20-22 Rue Le Peletier, Paris la Défense

100.0

ControlExpert Schweiz GmbH, Cham

100.0

Euler Hermes Crédit France S.A.S., Paris la Défense

100.0

Eurosol Invest S.r.l., Udine

100.0

ControlExpert Sdn. Bhd., Kuala Lumpur

100.0

Euler Hermes Digital Ventures, Paris

100.0

Expander Advisors Sp. z o.o., Warsaw

100.0

ControlExpert UK Limited, Farnborough

100.0

Euler Hermes Excess North America LLC, Owings Mills, MD

100.0

Fairmead Insurance Limited, Guildford

100.0

Corn Investment Ltd., London

100.0

Euler Hermes Group SAS, Paris la Défense

100.0

Corsetec Assessoria e Corretagem de Seguros Ltda., São Paulo

100.0

Euler Hermes Hellas Services Ltd., Athens

100.0

COSEC-Companhia de Seguro de Créditos S.A., Lisbon

100.0

Euler Hermes Hong Kong Services Limited, Hong Kong

100.0

Cova Beijing Zpark Investment Pte. Ltd., Singapore

98.0

Euler Hermes Intermediary Agency S.r.l., Milan

100.0

CPRN Thailand Ltd., Bangkok

100.0

Euler Hermes Japan Services Ltd., Tokyo

100.0

Cross Point Wakefield Management Company Limited, London

100.0

Euler Hermes Korea Non-life Broker Company Limited, Seoul

100.0

Curatio DMCC LLC, Dubai

100.0

Euler Hermes Luxembourg Holding S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

D23E GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Euler Hermes New Zealand Limited, Auckland

100.0

Darta Saving Life Assurance dac, Dublin

100.0

Euler Hermes North America Holding Inc., Wilmington, DE

100.0

DCCF GP I Series 1 LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Deeside Investments Inc., Wilmington, DE

50.1

Euler Hermes North America Insurance Company Inc.,
Lutherville, MD

100.0

Flying Desire Limited, Hong Kong

100.0

Delphine Fund, Milan

100.0

Euler Hermes Patrimonia SA, Brussels

100.0

Fondo Chiuso Allianz Infrastructure Partners I, Milan

100.0 3

Delta Technical Services Ltd., London

100.0

Euler Hermes Ré SA, Luxembourg

100.0

Foshan Geluo Storage Services Co. Ltd., Foshan

100.0

Diamond Point a.s., Prague

100.0

Euler Hermes Real Estate SPPICAV, Paris la Défense

60.0

FPCI InnovAllianz, Paris

99.6 3

Euler Hermes Recouvrement France S.A.S., Paris la Défense

100.0

Fragonard Assurances S.A., Saint-Ouen

100.0

Euler Hermes Reinsurance AG, Wallisellen

100.0

Franklin S.C.S., Luxembourg

94.5

Euler Hermes Risk Yönetimi A.S., Istanbul

100.0

Friederike MLP S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Dimo Computing Ltd., Whiteley

100.0

Dresdner Kleinwort Pfandbriefe Investments II Inc., Wilmington, DE

100.0

EDCO Berkeley S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

252

3

3

FCP Helliot, Paris

99.9 3

Ferme Eolienne de Villemur-sur-Tarn S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

Ferme Eolienne des Jaladeaux S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

Financière Callisto SAS, Paris la Défense

100.0

FinOS Technology Holding Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Fireman's Fund Financial Services LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Fireman's Fund Indemnity Corporation, Trenton, NJ

100.0

Fireman's Fund Insurance Company Corp., Chicago, IL

100.0

First Notice Systems Inc., Wilmington, DE

100.0

Flexible Real Estate Income GP LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

% owned1
Fu An Management Consulting Co. Ltd., Beijing

% owned1

Innovation Group (Pty) Ltd., Johannesburg

75.0

Magni Holding JV S.à r.l., Luxembourg

57.7

100.0

Innovation Group Business Services Limited, Whiteley

100.0

MCF Immocap Value, Paris

100.0 3

Generation Vie S.A., Paris la Défense

52.5

Innovation Group Distribution (Pty) Ltd., Johannesburg

100.0

Medi24 AG, Bern

100.0

Gestion de Téléassistance et de Services S.A., Châtillon

100.0

Innovation Group Fund Management (Pty) Ltd., Johannesburg

100.0

Medicount (Private) Limited, Islamabad

100.0

GIE Euler Hermes Facturation France, Paris la Défense

100.0

Innovation Group Holdings Limited, Whiteley

100.0

MediCount Global Ltd., Ebene

71.6

GIE Euler Hermes SFAC Services, Paris la Défense

100.0

Innovation Group Namibia (Pty) Ltd., Windhoek

100.0

Medicount Healthcare Private Limited, Bangalore

100.0

Glärnisch Institutional Fund - Obligationen Welt, Basel

100.0 3

Innovation Group Poland Sp. z o.o., Warsaw

100.0

Michael Ostlund Property S.A., Brussels

100.0

Global Azawaki S.L., Madrid

100.0

Innovation Group Services (Pty) Ltd., Johannesburg

100.0

Mindseg Corretora de Seguros Ltda., São Bernardo do Campo

100.0

Global Besande S.L., Madrid

100.0

Innovation Holdings (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd., Johannesburg

100.0

Mombyasen Wind Farm AB, Halmstad

100.0

Global Carena S.L., Madrid

100.0

Innovation IP (Pty) Ltd., Johannesburg

100.0

Morningchapter S.A., Ourique

100.0

Global Manzana S.L., Madrid

100.0

Innovation Property (UK) Limited, Whiteley

100.0

Motorcare Services Limited, Whiteley

100.0

Innovation ROA Limited, Grand Baie

100.0

Multiasistencia S.A., Madrid

100.0

Intermediass S.r.l., Milan

100.0

Multiassistance S.A., Saint-Ouen

100.0

Interstate Fire & Casualty Company Corp., Chicago, IL

100.0

My Health Services (Thailand) Company Limited, Bangkok

100.0

Investitori Logistic Fund, Milan

100.0 3

National Surety Corporation, Chicago, IL

100.0

Investitori Real Estate Fund, Milan

100.0 3

Neoasistencia Manoteras S.L., Madrid

100.0

Investitori SGR S.p.A., Milan

100.0

Nextcare Bahrain Ancillary Services Company B.S.C., Manama

100.0

Järvsö Sörby Vindkraft AB, Danderyd

100.0

NEXtCARE Claims Management LLC, Dubai

100.0

JCR Intertrad Co. Ltd., Bangkok

40.0 2

NEXtCARE Claims Management LLC, Qurum

70.0

Jefferson Insurance Company Corp., New York, NY

100.0

NEXtCARE Egypt LLC, New Cairo

100.0

Joukhaisselän Tuulipuisto Oy, Oulu

100.0

NEXtCARE Lebanon SAL, Beirut

100.0

Jouttikallio Wind Oy, Helsinki

100.0

NEXtCARE Tunisie LLC, Tunis

100.0

KAIGO Hi-Tech Development (Beijing) Co. Ltd., Beijing

100.0

KaiLong Greater China Real Estate Fund II S.C.Sp., Luxembourg

100.0

Niederösterreichische Glasfaserinfrastrukturgesellschaft mbH,
St. Pölten

100.0

Kensington Fund, Milan

100.0 3

Nobilas Iberica S.L., Barcelona

100.0

Keyeast Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Kiinteistö Oy Rahtiraitti 6, Vantaa

100.0

Kiinteistöosakeyhtiö Eteläesplanadi 2 Oy, Helsinki

100.0

KLGCREF II Holdco Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

Kohlenberg & Ruppert Premium Properties S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Kroknet S.à r.l., Paris

100.0

Kromgatan 4-6 Logistics AB, Gothenburg

100.0

Galore Expert Limited, Hong Kong

1.0

% owned1
2

Global Transport & Automotive Insurance Solutions Pty Limited,
Sydney

100.0

Great Lake Funding I LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0 3

Grupo Multiasistencia S.A., Madrid

100.0

Grus MF GK, Tokyo

100.0

GT Motive Einsa Unipessoal Lda., Lisbon

100.0

GT Motive GmbH, Freienbach

100.0

GT Motive Limited, London

100.0

GT Motive S.L., San Sebastian de los Reyes

86.0

GT Motive SASU, Montrouge

100.0

Händelö Logistics AB, Stockholm

100.0

Händelö Logistics Holding AB, Stockholm

100.0

Harro Development Praha s.r.o., Prague

100.0

Health Care Management Company Limited, Bangkok

100.0

Highway Insurance Company Limited, Guildford

100.0

Highway Insurance Group Limited, Guildford

100.0

Home & Legacy Insurance Services Limited, Guildford

100.0

Humble Bright Limited, Hong Kong

100.0

Hunter Premium Funding Limited, Sydney

100.0

Hwang Affin Income Fund 5, Kuala Lumpur

100.0 3

ICON Immobilien GmbH & Co. KG, Vienna

100.0

ICON Inter GmbH & Co. KG, Vienna

100.0

IEELV GP S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Incontra Assicurazioni S.p.A., Milan

50.0 2

InFront Insurance PCC Limited, St. Peter Port

100.0

InnovAllianz 2, Paris

100.0 3

Innovation Auto Inc., Schaumburg, IL

100.0

Innovation Fleet Services Limited, Whiteley

100.0

Innovation FSP (Pty) Ltd., Johannesburg

100.0

Innovation Group (Australia) Pty Limited, Melbourne

100.0

Innovation Group (Claims Services) Pty Ltd., Melbourne

100.0

Innovation Group (Fleet) Pty Ltd., Melbourne

100.0

Innovation Group (Japan) Pty Limited, Melbourne

100.0

Innovation Group (Motorconsult) Pty Ltd., Melbourne

100.0

253

Kuolavaara-Keulakkopään Tuulipuisto Oy, Oulu

100.0

La Rurale SA, Paris la Défense

100.0

Life Plus Sp. z o.o., Warsaw

100.0

Lincoln Infrastructure USA Inc., Wilmington, DE

100.0

Liverpool Victoria General Insurance Group Limited, Guildford

100.0

Liverpool Victoria Insurance Company Limited, Guildford

100.0

LLC "Euler Hermes Credit Management", Moscow

100.0

LLC "IC Euler Hermes Ru", Moscow

100.0

LV Assistance Services Limited, Guildford

100.0

LV Insurance Management Limited, Guildford

100.0

LV Repair Services Limited, Guildford

100.0

Maevaara Vind 2 AB, Stockholm

100.0

Maevaara Vind AB, Stockholm

100.0

nöGIG Phase Drei GmbH, St. Pölten

74.9

nöGIG Phase Zwei GmbH, St. Pölten

100.0

Northstar Mezzanine Partners VI U.S. Feeder II L.P., Wilmington, DE

100.0 3

OANS Open Access Network Süd GmbH, Klagenfurt am
Wörthersee

50.0 2

öGIG Fiber GmbH, St. Pölten

100.0

öGIG GmbH, St. Pölten

80.0

öGIG Netzbetrieb GmbH, St. Pölten

100.0

OPCI Allianz France Angel, Paris la Défense

100.0

Orione PV S.r.l., Lecce

100.0

Orsa Maggiore PV S.r.l., Lecce

100.0

Orsa Minore PV S.r.l., Lecce

100.0

Pacific Investment Management Company LLC, Dover, DE

91.0

PAF GP S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

PAF Lux SCA SICAV-RAIF (Compartment), Luxembourg

100.0 3

Parc Eolien de Bonneuil S.à r.l., Versailles

100.0

Parc Eolien de Bruyère Grande SAS, Versailles

100.0

Parc Eolien de Chaourse SAS, Versailles

100.0

Parc Eolien de Chateau Garnier SAS, Versailles

100.0

Parc Eolien de Croquettes SAS, Versailles

100.0

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

% owned1

% owned1

% owned1

Parc Eolien de Derval SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO Flexible Real Estate Income Fund, Wilmington, DE

58.8

PIMCO GP XLV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien de Dyé SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO Formations LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XLVI LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien de Fontfroide SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO Global Advisors (Ireland) Ltd., Dublin

100.0

PIMCO GP XLVII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien de Forge SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO Global Advisors (Luxembourg) S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

PIMCO GP XLVIII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien de la Sole du Bois SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO Global Advisors (Resources) LLC, Dover, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien de Longchamps SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO Global Advisors LLC, Dover, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XVI LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien de Ly-Fontaine SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO Global Holdings LLC, Dover, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XVII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien de Pliboux SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO GP I Canada Corporation, Toronto, ON

100.0

PIMCO GP XVIII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien de Remigny SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO GP I LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XX LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien des Barbes d´Or SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO GP II S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

PIMCO GP XXI-C LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien des Joyeuses SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO GP IV S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

PIMCO GP XXII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien des Mistandines SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO GP IX LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXIII Ltd., George Town

100.0

Parc Eolien des Quatre Buissons SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO GP IX S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

PIMCO GP XXIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien du Bois Guillaume SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO GP L LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXIX LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Parc Eolien Les Treize SAS, Versailles

100.0

PIMCO GP LI LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Partner Hotel S.A., Chalandri

50.0 2

PIMCO GP LII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXVI LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PCRED CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP LIII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXVII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PCRED II CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP LIV - Series I LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXVIII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Pericialcar S.L., Cordoba

100.0

PIMCO GP LIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXX LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Pet Plan Ltd., Guildford

100.0

PIMCO GP LIX LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXXI LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PFP Holdings LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP LV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXXII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PGA Global Services LLC, Dover, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP LVI LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXXIII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO (Schweiz) GmbH, Zurich

100.0

PIMCO GP LVII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXXIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO Asia Ltd., Hong Kong

100.0

PIMCO GP LX LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXXIX LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO Asia Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

PIMCO GP LXII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXXV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO Aurora LLC, Dover, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP LXIII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXXVI LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO Australia Management Limited, Sydney

100.0

PIMCO GP LXIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXXVII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO Australia Pty Limited, Sydney

100.0

PIMCO GP LXV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XXXVIII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO BRAVO III Offshore GP L.P., George Town

100.0

PIMCO GP LXVI LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO Investment Management (Shanghai) Limited, Shanghai

100.0

PIMCO BRAVO III Offshore GP Ltd., George Town

100.0

PIMCO GP S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

PIMCO Investments LLC, Dover, DE

100.0

PIMCO BRAVO IV Offshore GP Ltd., George Town

100.0

PIMCO GP V LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO Japan Ltd., Road Town

100.0

PIMCO California Flexible Municipal Income Fund, Boston, MA

31.0 2,3

PIMCO GP V S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

PIMCO Canada Corp., Halifax, NS

100.0

PIMCO GP VI S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

PIMCO Latin America Administradora de Carteiras Ltda., Rio de
Janeiro

100.0

PIMCO COF II LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP VII S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

PIMCO COF III Offshore GP Ltd., George Town

100.0

PIMCO GP VIII S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

PIMCO COF IV Offshore GP LP, George Town

100.0

PIMCO GP X LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO COF IV Offshore GP Ltd., George Town

100.0

PIMCO GP XI LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO Commercial Real Estate Debt Fund II L.P., Wilmington, DE

25.7

PIMCO GP XII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO CRE Opportunities Offshore GP Ltd., George Town

100.0

PIMCO GP XIII LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO Europe Ltd., London

100.0

PIMCO GP XIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO European Data Centre Opportunity Fund Feeder SCSp,
Luxembourg

60.6 3

PIMCO GP XIX LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XL LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XLI LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XLIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO GP XLIX LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

2,3

PIMCO European Data Centre Opportunity Fund SCSp,
Luxembourg

100.0 3

PIMCO Flexible Emerging Markets Income Fund, Boston, MA

86.3 3

254

3

PIMCO Prime Real Estate (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Shanghai

100.0

PIMCO Prime Real Estate Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd., Singapore

100.0

PIMCO Prime Real Estate Japan GK, Tokyo

100.0

PIMCO Prime Real Estate LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO REALPATH Blend 2065 Fund, Wilmington, DE

33.5 2,3

PIMCO REIT Management LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

PIMCO StocksPLUS AR Fund, Dublin

70.8 3

PIMCO Taiwan Ltd., Taipei

100.0

POD Allianz Bulgaria AD, Sofia

65.9

Porowneo.pl Sp. z o.o., Warsaw

100.0

Primacy Underwriting Management Pty Ltd., Melbourne

100.0

Promultitravaux SAS, Saint-Ouen

100.0

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

% owned1

% owned1

% owned1

Protexia France S.A., Paris la Défense

100.0

Sättravallen Wind Power AB, Strömstad

100.0

SurePlan USA Inc., Schaumburg, IL

100.0

PT Allianz Global Investors Asset Management Indonesia, Jakarta

100.0

Saudi NEXtCARE LLC, Al Khobar

68.0

Syncier Consulting GmbH, Vienna

100.0

PT Asuransi Allianz Life Indonesia, Jakarta

99.8

SC Tour Michelet, Paris la Défense

100.0

Taone SAS, Paris la Défense

100.0

PT Asuransi Allianz Life Syariah Indonesia, Jakarta

100.0

SCI 46 Desmoulins, Paris la Défense

100.0

Téléservices et Sécurité S.à r.l., Châtillon

99.9

PT Asuransi Allianz Utama Indonesia, Jakarta

97.8

SCI Allianz 13-15 Lamennais, Paris la Défense

100.0

Tempo Multiasistencia Gestão de Rede Ltda., Barueri

100.0

PT Blue Dot Services, Jakarta

100.0

SCI Allianz 38 Opéra, Paris la Défense

100.0

TFI Allianz Polska S.A., Warsaw

100.0

PTE Allianz Polska S.A., Warsaw

100.0

SCI Allianz 67 Courcelles, Paris la Défense

100.0

The Innovation Group (EMEA) Limited, Whiteley

100.0

Q 207 GP S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

SCI Allianz 7 Drouot, Paris la Défense

100.0

The Innovation Group Limited, Whiteley

100.0

Q207 S.C.S., Luxembourg

94.0

SCI Allianz Arc de Seine, Paris la Défense

100.0

The Warwick Partnership Limited, Whiteley

100.0

Quality1 AG, Bubikon

100.0

SCI Allianz Citylights, Paris la Défense

100.0

Thor Spain City Link HoldCo S.L., Madrid

95.0

Questar Agency Inc., Minneapolis, MN

100.0

SCI Allianz Immobilier Durable, Paris La Défense

100.0

Thor Spain City Link PropCo 1 S.L., Madrid

100.0

Questar Capital Corporation, Minneapolis, MN

100.0

SCI Allianz Immobilier Durable 18, Paris la Défense

100.0

Thor Spain City Link PropCo 2 S.L., Madrid

100.0

Raloriz S.L., Madrid

100.0

SCI Allianz Invest Pierre, Paris la Défense

100.0

TIG Acquisition Co., Wilmington, DE

100.0

RB Fiduciaria S.p.A., Milan

100.0

SCI Allianz Laennec Retail, Paris la Défense

100.0

TIG Acquisition Holdings Limited, Fareham

100.0

Real Estate Opportunities CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

SCI Allianz Messine, Paris la Défense

100.0

Top Versicherungsservice GmbH, Vienna

100.0

Real Faubourg Haussmann SAS, Paris la Défense

100.0

SCI Allianz Valence, Paris la Défense

100.0

TopImmo A GmbH & Co. KG, Vienna

100.0

Real FR Haussmann SAS, Paris la Défense

100.0

SCI Allianz Value Pierre, Paris la Défense

100.0

TopImmo Besitzgesellschaft B GmbH & Co. KG, Vienna

100.0

Redoma 2 S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

SCI Allianz Work'In Park, Paris la Défense

100.0

Trafalgar Insurance Limited, Guildford

100.0

Redoma S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

SCI ESQ, Paris la Défense

100.0

Triton Lux SCS, Luxembourg

100.0

Reksa Dana Allianz USD Fixed Income Fund, Jakarta

100.0 3

SCI Onnaing Escaut Logistics, Paris la Défense

100.0

TU Allianz Zycie Polska S.A., Warsaw

100.0

SCI Pont D'Ain Septembre Logistics, Paris la Défense

100.0

TU Euler Hermes S.A., Warsaw

100.0

SCI Réau Papin Logistics, Paris la Défense

100.0

TUiR Allianz Polska S.A., Warsaw

100.0

SCI Stratus, Paris la Défense

100.0

UK Logistics GP S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

SCI Via Pierre 1, Paris la Défense

100.0

UK Logistics PropCo I S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Seagull Holding SCS, Luxembourg

100.0

UK Logistics PropCo II S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Servicios Compartidos Multiasistencia S.L., Madrid

100.0

UK Logistics PropCo III S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Sigma Reparaciones S.L., Madrid

100.0

UK Logistics PropCo IV S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Silex Gas Norway AS, Oslo

100.0

UK Logistics PropCo V S.à r.l., Luxembourg

100.0

Sirius S.A., Luxembourg

94.8

UK Logistics S.C.Sp., Luxembourg

100.0

Societa' Agricola San Felice S.p.A., Milan

100.0

Unicredit Allianz Assicurazioni S.p.A., Milan

50.0 2

Societé de la Rocade L2 de Marseille S.A., Marseille

53.5 3

Unicredit Allianz Vita S.p.A., Milan

50.0 2

UP 36 SA, Brussels

100.0

VAAM US Private Credit Solutions GP II LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Vailog Hong Kong DC17 Limited, Hong Kong

100.0

Reksa Dana Syariah Allianz High Dividend Global Sharia Equity
Dollar, Jakarta

81.8 3

Reliance Single-Member Insurance Agents S.A., Chalandri

100.0

Rivage Richelieu 1 FCP, Paris

100.0 3

Rokko Development Praha s.r.o., Prague

100.0

SA Carène Assurance, Paris

100.0

SA Vignobles de Larose, Saint-Laurent-Médoc

100.0

Saarenkylä Tuulipuisto Oy, Oulu

100.0

Santander Allianz TU na Zycie S.A., Warsaw

51.0

Santander Allianz TU S.A., Warsaw

51.0

Säntis Umbrella Fund - Tödi, Zurich

100.0 3

SAS Allianz Etoile, Paris la Défense

100.0

SAS Allianz Forum Seine, Paris la Défense

100.0

Société de Production d'Electricité d'Haucourt Moulaine SAS,
Versailles

100.0

SAS Allianz Logistique, Paris la Défense

100.0

Société d'Energie Eolienne de Cambon SAS, Versailles

100.0

SAS Allianz PH, Paris la Défense

100.0

SAS Allianz Platine, Paris la Défense

100.0

Société Européenne de Protection et de Services d'Assistance à
Domicile S.A., Saint-Ouen

56.0

SAS Allianz Prony, Paris la Défense

100.0

Société Foncière Européenne B.V., Amsterdam

100.0

SAS Allianz Rivoli, Paris la Défense

100.0

SOFE One Co. Ltd., Bangkok

100.0

SAS Allianz Serbie, Paris la Défense

100.0

SOFE Two Co. Ltd., Bangkok

100.0

SAS Angel Shopping Centre, Paris la Défense

100.0

Sofiholding S.A., Brussels

100.0

SAS Chaponnay Mérieux Logistics, Paris la Défense

100.0

South City Office Broodthaers SA, Brussels

100.0

SAS Passage des princes, Paris la Défense

100.0

SpaceCo S.A., Paris la Défense

100.0

SAS Pershing Hall, Paris la Défense

100.0

SpecFin CIV LLC, Wilmington, DE

100.0

SAS Société d'Exploitation du Parc Eolien d'Aussac Vadalle, Versailles

100.0

Stam Fem Gångaren 11 AB, Stockholm

100.0

SAS Société d'Exploitation du Parc Eolien de Nélausa, Versailles

100.0

StocksPLUS Management Inc., Dover, DE

100.0

255

Vailog Hong Kong DC19 Limited, Hong Kong

100.0

Valderrama S.A., Luxembourg

100.0

Vanilla Capital Markets S.A., Luxembourg

100.0 3

Vet Envoy Limited, Guildford

100.0

Vintage Rents S.L., Madrid

100.0

Viveole SAS, Versailles

100.0

Vordere Zollamtsstraße 13 GmbH, Vienna

100.0

Warwick Consulting Loss Adjusters Limited, Birmingham

100.0

Weihong (Shanghai) Storage Services Co. Ltd., Shanghai

100.0

Weilong (Hubei) Storage Services Co. Ltd., Ezhou

100.0

Weilong (Jiaxing) Storage Services Co. Ltd., Jiaxing

100.0
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

% owned1

% owned1

% owned1

Weiyi (Shenyang) Storage Services Co. Ltd., Shenyang

100.0

AMLI-Allianz Investment LP, Wilmington, DE

75.0

7

Windpark AO GmbH, Pottenbrunn

100.0

Arcturus MF TMK, Tokyo

51.0

7

Windpark EDM GmbH, Pottenbrunn

100.0

AREAP Core I LP, Singapore

50.0

Piaf Bidco B.V., Amsterdam

23.9 7

Windpark EDM GmbH & Co. KG, Pottenbrunn

100.0

AREAP JMF 1 LP, Singapore

33.3 7

Podium Fund HY REIT Owner LP, Wilmington, DE

44.3 7

Windpark GHW GmbH, Pottenbrunn

100.0

AS Gasinfrastruktur Beteiligung GmbH, Vienna

55.6 7

Porterbrook Holdings I Limited, Derby

30.0 7

Windpark Ladendorf GmbH, Pottenbrunn

100.0

Austin West Campus Student Housing LP, Wilmington, DE

45.0

Previndustria - Fiduciaria Previdenza Imprenditori S.p.A., Milan

50.0

Windpark Les Cent Jalois SAS, Versailles

100.0

AZ/JH Co-Investment Venture (DC) LP, Wilmington, DE

80.0 7

Queenspoint S.L., Madrid

50.0

Windpark LOI GmbH, Pottenbrunn

100.0

AZ/JH Co-Investment Venture (IL) LP, Wilmington, DE

80.0 7

RMPA Holdings Limited, Colchester

56.0 7

Windpark PDV GmbH, Pottenbrunn

100.0

Bajaj Allianz Financial Distributors Limited, Pune

50.0

SCI Docks V2, Paris la Défense

50.0

Windpark PL GmbH, Pottenbrunn

100.0

Bazalgette Equity Ltd., London

34.3 7

SCI Docks V3, Paris la Défense

50.0

Windpark Scharndorf GmbH, Pottenbrunn

100.0

BCal Houston JV L.P., Wilmington, DE

39.2 7

SES Shopping Center AT 1 GmbH, Salzburg

50.0

Windpark Zistersdorf GmbH, Pottenbrunn

100.0

BL West End Offices Limited, London

75.0 7

SES Shopping Center FP 1 GmbH, Salzburg

50.0

Windpower Ujscie Sp. z o.o., Poznan

100.0

Canis MF TMK, Tokyo

49.9 7

Sirius MF TMK, Tokyo

49.9 7

YAO NEWREP Investments S.A., Luxembourg

94.0

Chapter Master Limited Partnership, New York, NY

45.5 7

Yorktown Financial Companies Inc., Minneapolis, MN

100.0

CHP-AZ Seeded Industrial L.P., Wilmington, DE

49.0 7

Solunion Seguros Compañía Internacional de Seguros y
Reaseguros SA, Madrid

50.0

ZAD Allianz Bulgaria AD, Sofia

87.4

Corvus MF TMK, Tokyo

25.4 7

Spanish Gas Distribution Investments S.à r.l., Senningerberg

40.0 7

ZAD Allianz Bulgaria Life AD, Sofia

99.0

CPIC Fund Management Co. Ltd., Shanghai

49.0 7

ZAD Energy AD, Sofia

51.0

CPPIC Euler Hermes Insurance Sales Co. Ltd., Shanghai

7

Ophir-Rochor Commercial Pte. Ltd., Singapore

60.0 7

Orion MF TMK, Tokyo

49.9 7

SPREF II Pte. Ltd., Singapore

50.0

49.0

7

Stonecutter JV Limited, London

50.0

Daiwater Investment Limited, Hatfield

36.6

7

Terminal Venture LP, Wilmington, DE

31.2 7

Dundrum Car Park GP Limited, Dublin

50.0

The FIZZ Student Housing Fund S.C.S., Luxembourg

49.0 3,7

51.0

Dundrum Car Park Limited Partnership, Dublin

50.0

Allianz 341 S.r.l., Trieste

51.0

Dundrum Retail GP Designated Activity Company, Dublin

50.0

Allianz CV Investor LP, Wilmington, DE

100.0

Dundrum Retail Limited Partnership, Dublin

50.0

Allianz Northern Ireland Limited, Belfast

100.0

Elton Investments S.à r.l., Luxembourg

32.5

Allianz Pension Services AG, Wallisellen

100.0

ESR India Logistics Fund Pte. Ltd., Singapore

50.0

Cogar S.à r.l., Paris

100.0

EUROMARKT Center d.o.o., Ljubljana

50.0

Top Versicherungs-Vermittler Service GmbH, Vienna

100.0

Evadata LLC, Dover, DE

14.6

Fiumaranuova S.r.l., Milan

50.0

Floene Energias S.A., Lisbon

45.5

GBTC I LP, Singapore

50.0

Non-consolidated affiliates
Allianz 121 S.r.l., Saluzzo

Joint ventures

7

7

7

1 Liverpool Street GP Limited, Whiteley

50.0

1 Liverpool Street LP, Whiteley

70.0

GBTC II LP, Singapore

50.0

101 Moorgate GP Limited, Whiteley

50.0

Grus MF TMK, Tokyo

51.0 7

101 Moorgate LP, Whiteley

70.0 7

Heimstaden Eagle AB, Malmö

56.3 7

114 Venture LP, Wilmington, DE

49.5 7

Helios SCC Sp. z o.o., Katowice

45.0 7

1515 Broadway Realty LP, Wilmington, DE

43.0 7

HKZ Investor Holding B.V., Arnhem

51.0 7

30 HY WM REIT Owner LP, Wilmington, DE

49.0

Hudson One Ferry JV L.P., Wilmington, DE

45.0

53 State JV L.P., Wilmington, DE

49.0 7

Italian Shopping Centre Investment S.r.l., Milan

50.0

55-15 Grand Avenue Investor JV L.P., Wilmington, DE

44.9 7

LBA IV-PPI Venture LLC, Wilmington, DE

45.0 7

A&A Centri Commerciali S.r.l., Bolzano

50.0

LBA IV-PPII-Office Venture LLC, Wilmington, DE

45.0 7

AA Ronsin Investment Holding Limited, Hong Kong

62.0

LBA IV-PPII-Retail Venture LLC, Wilmington, DE

45.0

ACRE Acacia Investment Trust I, Sydney

50.0

LPC Logistics Venture One LP, Wilmington, DE

31.7 7

ACRE Acacia Management I Pty Ltd., Sydney

50.0

Muralis MF TMK, Tokyo

49.9 7

ACRE Karri Investment Trust, Sydney

50.0 3

NeuConnect Holdings B.V., Amsterdam

25.0 7

Allee-Center Kft., Budapest

50.0

NRF (Finland) AB, Stockholm

50.0

Altair MF TMK, Tokyo

49.9

NRP Nordic Logistics Fund AS, Oslo

49.5

256

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

The Israeli Credit Insurance Company Ltd., Ramat Gan

50.0

The State-Whitehall Company LP, Wilmington, DE

49.9 7

Tokio Marine Rogge Asset Management Ltd., London

50.0

Top Vorsorge-Management GmbH, Vienna

50.0

TopTorony Ingatlanhasznosító Zrt., Budapest

50.0

Triskelion Property Holding Designated Activity Company, Dublin

50.0

Valley (III) Pte. Ltd., Singapore

41.5 7

VGP European Logistics 2 S.à r.l., Senningerberg

50.0

VGP European Logistics S.à r.l., Senningerberg

50.0

VISION (III) Pte. Ltd., Singapore

30.0 7

Wallcon Operating L.P., Wilmington, DE

49.0 7

Waterford Blue Lagoon LP, Wilmington, DE

49.0 7

Associates
ABT SAS, Paris

25.0

Allianz Europe Small Cap Equity, Senningerberg

14.7 3,8

Allianz France Investissement IV, Paris

73.3 3,8

Allianz Impact Investment Fund S.A. SICAV-RAIF, Senningerberg

28.0 3

Allianz Invest Mündelrenten, Vienna

29.4 3

Allianz Life Insurance Co. Ltd., Tokyo

40.0

Alpha Asia Macro Trends Fund III Private Limited, Singapore

27.7 3

Archstone Multifamily Partners AC LP, Wilmington, DE

28.6 3

Areim Fastigheter 2 AB, Stockholm

23.3

Areim Fastigheter 3 AB, Stockholm

31.6

Assurcard S.A., Louvain

20.0

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

D _ Consolidated Financial Statements

% owned1

% owned1

% owned1
1_Percentage includes equity participations held by dependent entities in full, even if the
Allianz Group's share in the dependent entity is below 100 %.
2_Classified as affiliate according to IFRS 10.
3_Investment fund.
4_Releasing impact according to § 264 (3) HGB through the Allianz Group's consolidated
financial statements.
5_Group share through indirect holder Roland Holding GmbH, Munich: 75.6 %.
6_Insolvent.
7_Classified as joint venture according to IFRS 11.
8_Classified as associate according to IAS 28.

Assurpath S.A., Buenos Aires

40.0

OeKB EH Beteiligungs- und Management AG, Vienna

49.0

Autoelektro tehnicki pregledi d.o.o., Vojnić

49.0

Osiris Exchange Inc., Wilmington, DE

35.6

AWP Insurance Brokerage (Beijing) Co. Ltd., Beijing

100.0 8

PIMCO BRAVO Fund IV Lux Feeder SCSp, Luxembourg

13.9 3,8

Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Ltd., Pune

26.0

Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Ltd., Pune

26.0

PIMCO Corporate Opportunities Fund III Lux Feeder SCSp,
Luxembourg

38.0 3

Beacon Platform Incorporated, Wilmington, DE

26.9

Berkshire Hathaway Services India Private Limited, New Delhi

20.0

Berkshire India Private Limited, New Delhi

20.0

Best Regain Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

Blue Vista Student Housing Select Strategies Fund L.P.,
Wilmington, DE

24.9

Broker on-line de Productores de Seguros S.A., Buenos Aires

30.0

Carlyle China Realty L.P., George Town

50.0 3,8

Carlyle China Rome Logistics L.P., George Town

38.2 3

CBRE Dutch Office Fund, Schiphol

26.0 3

Chicago Parking Meters LLC, Wilmington, DE

49.9

Cronos Vita S.p.A., Milan

10.0 8

Delgaz Grid S.A., Târgu Mures

30.0

Delong Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

Douglas Emmett Partnership X LP, Wilmington, DE

28.1 3

ERES APAC II (GP) S.à r.l., Luxembourg

29.5 3

European Outlet Mall Fund, Luxembourg

26.0 3

Fóndika S.A. de C.V. Distribuidora de Acciones de Fondos de
Inversión, Mexico City

26.8

Four Oaks Place LP, Wilmington, DE

49.0

France Investissement Relance 2020, Paris

74.4 3,8

Fuella AS, Sandsli

35.0

Global Stream Limited, Hong Kong

16.4

Glory Basic Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

HPS A-Life Direct Lending Fund L.P., Wilmington, DE

100.0 8

HUB Platform Technology Partners Ltd., London

28.6

Jumble Succeed Limited, Hong Kong

8

PIMCO Corporate Opportunities Fund III Onshore Feeder L.P.,
Wilmington, DE

0.8 3,8

PIMCO Corporate Opportunities Fund IV CE L.P., Wilmington, DE

17.9 8

PIMCO ILS Fund SP I, George Town

19.4 3,8

PIMCO ILS Fund SP II, George Town

19.9 3,8

PIMCO Income Fundo De Investimento Multimercado
Investimento No Exterior, Rio de Janeiro

4.5 3,8

Pool-ul de Asigurare Impotriva Dezastrelor Naturale SA, Bucharest

15.0 8

Praise Creator Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

Prime Space Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

Professional Agencies Reinsurance Limited, Hamilton

17.5 8

Quadgas Holdings Topco Limited, Saint Helier

13.0 8

Redwood Japan Logistics Fund II LP, Singapore

32.2 3

Residenze CYL S.p.A., Milan

33.3

Saint-Barth Assurances S.à r.l., Saint Barthelemy

33.0

Sanlam Allianz Africa (Pty) Ltd., Cape Town

41.0

Santéclair S.A., Nantes

46.6

SAS Alta Gramont, Paris

49.0

Scape Australia (Vulture) Trust, Sydney

27.6 3

Scape Australia Holding Trust, Sydney

27.6 3

Scape Australia Investment Trust No. 2, Sydney

50.0 3,8

Scape Australia Management Pty Ltd., Sydney

8.6 8

Scape Core Fund Operator Pty Ltd., Sydney

27.6 3

Scape Core Fund Trust, Sydney

27.6 3

Scape Holding Operator 2 Pty Ltd., Sydney

50.0 3,8

SCI Bercy Village, Paris

49.0

16.4

8

Sierra European Retail Real Estate Assets Holdings B.V., Amsterdam

25.0

Lennar Multifamily Venture LP, Wilmington, DE

11.3

3,8

Sino Phil Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

Link (LRM) Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

Smart Citylife S.r.l., Milan

29.0

Long Coast Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

SNC Alta CRP Gennevilliers, Paris

49.0

Luxury Gain Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

Medgulf Takaful B.S.C.(c), Sanabis

25.0

MFM Holding Ltd., London

30.1

Modern Diamond Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

MSP Equity Fund LP, Wilmington, DE

21.0

MTech Capital Fund (EU) SCSp, Luxembourg

27.3

National Insurance Company Berhad Ltd., Bandar Seri Begawan

25.0

New Try Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

Nordic Ren-Gas Oy, Espoo

30.0

Ocean Properties LLP, Singapore

20.0

257

SNC Alta CRP La Valette, Paris

49.0

SNC Société d'aménagement de la Gare de l'Est, Paris

49.0

Summer Blaze Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

Supreme Cosmo Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

Sure Rainbow Limited, Hong Kong

16.4 8

Tikehau Real Estate III SPPICAV, Paris

12.2 8

UK Outlet Mall Partnership LP, Edinburgh

19.5 8

ULLIS Investments S.A. SICAV-RAIF, Luxembourg

27.9 3

Upward America Venture LP, Wilmington, DE

24.0 3

Vanbreda Nederland B.V., Gouda

25.0

Wildlife Works Carbon LLC, Wilmington, DE

9.6 8

The Allianz Group refrains from disclosure of participations which are
not included in one of the above categories, as they are of minor
importance for giving a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities,
financial position, and profit or loss of the Allianz Group.

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

FURTHER INFORMATION

E
258

Annual Report 2023− Allianz Group

E _ Further Information

RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
To the best of our knowledge, and in accordance with the applicable reporting principles, the consolidated
financial statements give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of
the Group, and the Group Management Report includes a fair review of the development and
performance of the business and the position of the Group, together with a description of the material
opportunities and risks associated with the expected development of the Group.
Munich, 22 February 2024
Allianz SE
The Board of Management

Oliver Bäte

Sirma Boshnakova

Claire-Marie Coste-Lepoutre

Dr. Barbara Karuth-Zelle

Dr. Klaus-Peter Röhler

Dr. Günther Thallinger

Christopher Townsend

Renate Wagner

Dr. Andreas Wimmer

259

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

E _ Further Information

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
management report is consistent with the consolidated financial
statements, complies with German legal requirements and
appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future
development; we do not express an audit opinion on those parts
of the group management report listed in the “Other Information”
section of our auditor’s report and
the non-financial group statement included in section “NonFinancial Statement“ of the group management report is
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the
applicable German legal and European requirements as well as
with the specifying criteria disclosed by the Group’s executive
directors.

management report and on the non-financial group statement
included in the group management report.

Pursuant to § 322 Abs. 3 Satz [sentence] 1 HGB, we declare that our
audit has not led to any reservations relating to the legal compliance
of the consolidated financial statements and of the group
management report.

In our view, the matters of most significance in our audit were as
follows:

To Allianz SE, Munich

Report on the audit of the consolidated
financial statements and of the group
management report
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Allianz SE,
Munich, and its subsidiaries (the Group), which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023,
and the consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity
and consolidated statement of cash flows for the financial year from
1 January to 31 December 2023, and notes to the consolidated
financial statements, including material accounting policy
information. In addition, we have audited the group management
report of Allianz SE including the non-financial group statement to
comply with §§ [Articles] 315b to 315c HGB [Handelsgesetzbuch:
German Commercial Code] included in section “Non-Financial
Statement“ for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December
2023. In accordance with the German legal requirements, we have not
audited the content of those parts of the group management report
listed in the “Other Information” section of our auditor’s report.
In our opinion, on the basis of the knowledge obtained in the audit,
−

−

the accompanying consolidated financial statements comply, in
all material respects, with the IFRSs as adopted by the EU and the
additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to
§ 315e Abs. [paragraph] 1 HGB and, in compliance with these
requirements, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, and
financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its
financial performance for the financial year from 1 January to
31 December 2023,
the accompanying group management report (excluding the nonfinancial group statement) as a whole provides an appropriate
view of the Group’s position. In all material respects, this group

260

−

We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements and
of the group management report in accordance with § 317 HGB and
the EU Audit Regulation (No. 537/2014, referred to subsequently as
“EU Audit Regulation”) in compliance with German Generally Accepted
Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by the Institut
der Wirtschaftsprüfer [Institute of Public Auditors in Germany] (IDW).
Our responsibilities under those requirements and principles are
further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements and of the Group Management
Report“ section of our auditor’s report. We are independent of the
group entities in accordance with the requirements of European law
and German commercial and professional law, and we have fulfilled
our other German professional responsibilities in accordance with
these requirements. In addition, in accordance with Article 10 (2)
point (f) of the EU Audit Regulation, we declare that we have not
provided non-audit services prohibited under Article 5 (1) of the EU
Audit Regulation. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinions on the consolidated financial statements, on the group

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment,
were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
statements for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2023.
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our audit
opinion thereon; we do not provide a separate audit opinion on these
matters.

❶ Measurement of certain liabilities from insurance contracts issued
in life and health insurance
❷ Measurement of certain liabilities from insurance contracts issued
in property-casualty insurance
❸ Measurement of financial instruments using parameters not
observable on the market and forward-looking information
Our presentation of these key audit matters has been structured in
each case as follows:
① Matter and issue
② Audit approach and findings
③ Reference to further information

Hereinafter we present the key audit matters:
❶ Measurement of certain liabilities from insurance contracts issued
in life and health insurance

① In the consolidated financial statements of the Company, liabilities
amounting to € 776,944 million (79.0 % of the consolidated total
assets) are reported under the "Insurance contracts liabilities"
balance sheet item, which are accounted for in accordance with
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

E _ Further Information

IFRS 17 beginning 1 January 2023. Of this amount, liabilities of
€ 680,654 million (69.2 % of the consolidated total assets) are
relating to the life and health business segment. Within the life and
health business segment, € 671,886 million of this is attributable to
the liability, which is measured using the variable fee approach
(VFA) or the general measurement model (GMM, also known as
the building block approach).
To the extent that the above-mentioned liabilities are
measured using the two measurement models, the measurement
is based on complex actuarial methods (hereinafter referred to as
the "measurement methods") on the basis of comprehensive
processes for determining assumptions about future
developments of the insurance portfolios to be valued. Within the
measurement of the liabilities, the present values of the estimated
future cash flows in particular are affected by possible material
uncertainties. This uncertainty stems in particular from the
methods used and the actuarial assumptions determined in
connection with interest rates, investment income, mortality,
disability, longevity, costs and policyholder behaviour.
Against this background and due to the material
significance of the amounts for the group's assets, liabilities and
financial performance as well as the complexity of determining
the underlying assumptions and estimates made by the executive
directors, the measurement of these liabilities was of particular
significance in the context of our audit.
② As part of our audit, we assessed the appropriateness of selected
controls of the Group for selecting the valuation methods applied
as well as for determining assumptions and making estimates for
the measurement of certain liabilities from insurance contracts
issued.
With the involvement of our internal valuation specialists, we
have compared the valuation methods and key assumptions with
generally recognised actuarial methods and industry standards
and examined to what extent these are suitable for measuring the
liabilities. One focus was the assessment of the cash flows used by
the IT systems used as well as the appropriate derivation and use
of assumptions for the measurement of selected liabilities.
Based on our audit procedures, we were able to satisfy
ourselves that the methods and assumptions used by the executive
directors are appropriate overall for measuring certain technical
liabilities.

261

③ The company's disclosures on the measurement of certain
liabilities from insurance contracts issued in life and health
insurance are contained in sections “Accounting policies” and
“Insurance operations” of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.
❷ Measurement of certain liabilities from insurance contracts issued
in property-casualty insurance
① In the consolidated financial statements of the Company, liabilities
amounting to € 776,944 million (79.0 % of the consolidated total
assets) are reported under the balance sheet item "Insurance
contract liabilities" which are accounted for in accordance with
IFRS 17 beginning 1 January 2023. Of this amount, liabilities
€ 96,339 million (9.8 % of the consolidated total assets) is
attributable to the Property and Casualty Insurance business
segment.
Within the insurance contracts liabilities, € 79,148 million is
attributable to "Liability for incurred claims" in the property and
casualty insurance segment, which recognises the expectations
regarding insurance claims that have been incurred but not yet
settled. These represent the company's expectation of future
payments for known and unknown claims as well as the
associated expenses. The company uses various methods to
estimate these obligations. In addition, the measurement of this
liability requires a significant degree of judgement by the
executive directors of the Company regarding assumptions to be
made, such as the impact of changing inflation rates, loss
developments and regulatory changes. In addition, there is a
significant judgement of the executive directors regarding the
determination of the discount rate for calculating the liability. In
particular, product lines with a low claims frequency, high
individual claims or long claims settlement periods are usually
subject to increased estimation uncertainties.
Due to the material significance of the amount of this liability
for the Group's assets, liabilities, and financial performance as well
as the considerable scope for judgement of the executive directors
and the associated uncertainties in the estimations made, the
measurement of certain liabilities from insurance contracts issued
in property and casualty insurance was of particular significance
in the context of our audit.

② As part of our audit, we assessed the appropriateness of selected
controls of the Group for selecting actuarial methods as well as for
determining assumptions and making estimates for the
measurement of certain liabilities from insurance contracts issued
in the property and casualty insurance.
With the involvement of our internal valuation specialists, we
have compared the respective actuarial methods and key
assumptions with generally recognised actuarial methods and
industry standards and examined to what extent these are
suitable for measuring the liabilities. Our audit also included an
evaluation of the appropriateness and integrity of the data and
assumptions, including the assessment of the executive directors
regarding the impact of changing inflation rates, used in the
valuation and a reconstruction of the claims settlement process.
Furthermore, we recalculated the amount of the liability for
selected lines of product, in particular lines of product with large
liability amounts or increased estimation uncertainties. For these
lines of product, we compared the amounts calculated by us with
the values determined by the Company for the liabilities and
evaluated any differences. We also examined whether any
adjustments to estimates in the loss reserves were adequately
documented and substantiated.
Based on our audit procedures, we were able to satisfy
ourselves that the estimates and assumptions used by the
executive directors are appropriate overall for measuring the
technical liabilities in property and casualty insurance.
③ The company's disclosures on the measurement of liabilities for
outstanding claims in property and casualty insurance are
contained in sections “Accounting policies” and on “Insurance
operations” of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
❸ Measurement of financial instruments using parameters not
observable on the market and forward-looking information
① Financial instruments of € 721,802 million (73.4 % of the
consolidated total assets) are reported in the consolidated
financial statements of the Company.
Of these financial instruments, financial assets totalling
€ 704,390 million are measured at fair value, of which in turn the
fair values of € 220.967 million are calculated using valuation
models or based on third-party value indicators. These financial
instruments in particular relate to unlisted securities, other loans,
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

E _ Further Information

derivatives and investments in infrastructure, private equity and
real estate.
Of the financial instruments reported in the consolidated
financial statements, financial assets in the amount of
€ 8,829 million are measured at amortised cost and
€ 562,693million at fair value through other comprehensive
income. Of this amount, € 543,510 million is attributable to debt
instruments for which a risk provision totalling € 1,125 million was
recognised as at the reporting date to take account of
impairments for expected credit losses in accordance with the
requirements of IFRS 9 (Expected Credit Loss), as applicable since
1 January 2023.
The measurement of financial instruments whose fair value
must be determined using valuation models or value indicators
from third parties is subject to uncertainty, as input parameters
that are not observable in an active market are used for the
measurement or comparative values are not always available and
therefore estimated values are also used. Forward-looking
macroeconomic forecasts are also included in the model valuation
to take account of impairments for expected credit losses.
Model-measured financial instruments are subject to an
increased measurement risk due to the reduced objectivity and the
underlying judgements, estimates and assumptions made by the
executive directors. As the estimates and assumptions used, in
particular those relating to interest rates and cash flows, and the
valuation methods applied may have a material impact on the
valuation of these financial instruments and on the Group's assets,
liabilities and financial performance, and extensive disclosures on
valuation methods and judgements are also required in the notes,
this matter was of particular significance in the context of our
audit.

used to calculate valuation adjustments in the financial year with
recognised practices and industry standards and examined the
extent to which they are suitable for proper accounting. To assess
the inclusion of forward-looking information in the model-based
calculation of impairment for expected credit losses, we involved
internal specialists with particular expertise in the field of credit risk
modelling. We also evaluated the disclosures on valuation
methods and judgements contained in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements.
On the basis of the audit procedures performed, we were
able to satisfy ourselves that the methods and assumptions used
by the executive directors to measure certain financial instruments
(modelled and measured based on third-party indicators) and the
consideration of forward-looking information in determining the
impairment for expected credit losses are appropriate overall and
that the explanations and disclosures presented in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements are appropriate.
③ The company's disclosures on the measurement of financial
instruments are contained in sections “Accounting policies” and
“Investments” of the notes to the consolidated financial
statements.

The executive directors are responsible for the other information. The
other information comprises the following non-audited parts of the
group management report:

−
−

② As part of our audit, we assessed the appropriateness and
effectiveness of the controls for the valuation of model-measured
financial instruments and financial instruments measured on the
basis of third-party indicators. In addition, we assessed, among
other things, the integrity of the underlying data and the process
for determining the assumptions, estimates and forward-looking
information used in the valuation.
With the support of our internal valuation specialists, we also
assessed the appropriateness of the methods applied by the
executive directors to determine the fair values and the
parameters used. We compared the methods and assumptions

262

the group statement on corporate governance pursuant to § 315d
HGB included in section “Corporate Governance Statement” of the
group management report
the disclosures marked as unaudited in the group management
report

The other information comprises further
−

−

the remuneration report pursuant to § 162 AktG [Aktiengesetz:
German Stock Corporation Act], for which the supervisory board is
also responsible
all remaining parts of the group annual report – excluding crossreferences to external information – with the exception of the
audited consolidated financial statements, the audited group
management report and our auditor’s report

Our audit opinions on the consolidated financial statements, on the
group management report and on the non-financial group statement
included in the group management report do not cover the other
information, and consequently we do not express an audit opinion or
any other form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit, our responsibility is to read the other
information mentioned above and, in so doing, to consider whether
the other information
−

−

is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements, with the group management report disclosures
audited in terms of content or with our knowledge obtained in the
audit, or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

The executive directors are responsible for the preparation of the
consolidated financial statements that comply, in all material respects,
with IFRSs as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of
German commercial law pursuant to § 315e Abs. 1 HGB and that the
consolidated financial statements, in compliance with these
requirements, give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial
position, and financial performance of the Group. In addition, the
executive directors are responsible for such internal control as they
have determined necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud (i.e., fraudulent financial reporting and
misappropriation of assets) or error.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the executive
directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern. They also have the responsibility for disclosing, as
applicable, matters related to going concern. In addition, they are
responsible for financial reporting based on the going concern basis
of accounting unless there is an intention to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or there is no realistic alternative but to do so.
Furthermore, the executive directors are responsible for the
preparation of the group management report that, as a whole,
provides an appropriate view of the Group’s position and is, in all
material respects, consistent with the consolidated financial
statements, complies with German legal requirements, and
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

E _ Further Information

appropriately presents the opportunities and risks of future
development. In addition, the executive directors are responsible for
such arrangements and measures (systems) as they have considered
necessary to enable the preparation of a group management report
that is in accordance with the applicable German legal requirements,
and to be able to provide sufficient appropriate evidence for the
assertions in the group management report.
The executive directors are also responsible for the preparation of
the non-financial group statement included in the group management
report in accordance with the applicable German legal and European
requirements as well as with the specifying criteria disclosed by the
Group’s executive directors. Furthermore, the executive directors are
responsible for such arrangements and measures (systems) as they
have considered necessary to enable the preparation of a nonfinancial group statement that is free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud (i.e., fraudulent reporting in the non-financial
group statement) or error.
The applicable requirements contain wording and terms that are
subject to considerable interpretation uncertainties and for which
authoritative comprehensive interpretations have not yet been
published. Accordingly, the executive directors have disclosed their
interpretations of such wording and terms in section "EU Taxonomy
Regulation" of the non-financial group statement. The executive
directors are responsible for the defensibility of these interpretations.
As such wording and terms may be interpreted differently by
regulators or courts, the legal conformity of these interpretations is
uncertain.
The supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process for the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements, of the group management report as well as of
the non-financial group statement included in the group management
report.

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and whether the group
management report as a whole provides an appropriate view of the
Group’s position and, in all material respects, is consistent with the
consolidated financial statements and the knowledge obtained in the
audit, complies with the German legal requirements and appropriately

263

presents the opportunities and risks of future development, and
whether the non-financial group statement has been prepared, in all
material respects, in accordance with the applicable German legal
and European requirements and with the specifying criteria disclosed
by the Company’s executive directors, as well as to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our audit opinions on the consolidated financial
statements, on the group management report and on the nonfinancial group statement.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with § 317 HGB and
the EU Audit Regulation and in compliance with German Generally
Accepted Standards for Financial Statement Audits promulgated by
the Institut der Wirtschaftsprüfer (IDW) will always detect a material
misstatement. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements and this
group management report.

−

−

We exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
−

−

−

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements and of the group management
report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit
procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinions. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit
of the consolidated financial statements and of arrangements and
measures (systems) relevant to the audit of the group
management report and of the non-financial group statement
included in the group management report in order to design audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for
the purpose of expressing an audit opinion on the effectiveness of
these systems.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used by the
executive directors and the reasonableness of estimates made by
the executive directors and related disclosures.

−

−

−

−

Conclude on the appropriateness of the executive directors’ use of
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related
to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that
a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in
the auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
financial statements and in the group management report or, if
such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our respective audit
opinions. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to be able to
continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the
consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and
whether the consolidated financial statements present the
underlying transactions and events in a manner that the
consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the
assets, liabilities, financial position and financial performance of
the Group in compliance with IFRSs as adopted by the EU and the
additional requirements of German commercial law pursuant to
§ 315e Abs. 1 HGB.
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
financial information of the entities or business activities within the
Group to express audit opinions on the consolidated financial
statements and on the group management report. We are
responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the
group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinions.
Evaluate the consistency of the group management report with
the consolidated financial statements, its conformity with German
law, and the view of the Group’s position it provides.
Perform audit procedures on the prospective information
presented by the executive directors in the group management
report. On the basis of sufficient appropriate audit evidence we
evaluate, in particular, the significant assumptions used by the
executive directors as a basis for the prospective information, and
evaluate the proper derivation of the prospective information
from these assumptions. We do not express a separate audit
opinion on the prospective information and on the assumptions
used as a basis. There is a substantial unavoidable risk that future
events will differ materially from the prospective information.
Evaluate the suitability of the criteria presented by the executive
directors in the non-financial group statement as a whole. As
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

E _ Further Information

explained in the description of the responsibilities of the executive
directors, the executive directors have interpreted the wording and
terms contained in the relevant regulations; the legal conformity
of these interpretations is subject to inherent uncertainties
mentioned in this description. Those inherent uncertainties in the
interpretation apply to our audit accordingly.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding,
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement
that we have complied with the relevant independence requirements,
and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where
applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with those charged with
governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the
current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes
public disclosure about the matter.

264

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

E _ Further Information

Other legal and regulatory
requirements
Report on the assurance on the
electronic rendering of the
consolidated financial statements and
the group management report
prepared for publication purposes in
accordance with § 317 Abs. 3a HGB
We have performed assurance work in accordance with § 317 Abs. 3a
HGB to obtain reasonable assurance as to whether the rendering of
the consolidated financial statements and the group management
report (hereinafter the “ESEF documents”) contained in the electronic
file Allianz SE_KA+KLB_ESEF-2023-12-31.zip and prepared for
publication purposes complies in all material respects with the
requirements of § 328 Abs. 1 HGB for the electronic reporting format
(“ESEF format”). In accordance with German legal requirements, this
assurance work extends only to the conversion of the information
contained in the consolidated financial statements and the group
management report into the ESEF format and therefore relates neither
to the information contained within these renderings nor to any other
information contained in the electronic file identified above.
In our opinion, the rendering of the consolidated financial
statements and the group management report contained in the
electronic file identified above and prepared for publication purposes
complies in all material respects with the requirements of § 328 Abs. 1
HGB for the electronic reporting format. Beyond this assurance
opinion and our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated
financial statements and the accompanying group management
report for the financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2023
contained in the "Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements and on the Group Management Report" above, we do not
express any assurance opinion on the information contained within
these renderings or on the other information contained in the
electronic file identified above.

265

We conducted our assurance work on the rendering of the
consolidated financial statements and the group management report
contained in the electronic file identified above in accordance with
§ 317 Abs. 3a HGB and the IDW Assurance Standard: Assurance Work
on the Electronic Rendering, of Financial Statements and
Management Reports, Prepared for Publication Purposes in
Accordance with § 317 Abs. 3a HGB (IDW AsS 410 (06.2022)) and the
International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised).
Our responsibility in accordance therewith is further described in the
"Group Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Assurance Work on the ESEF
Documents" section. Our audit firm applies the IDW Standard on
Quality Management: Requirements for Quality Management in the
Audit Firm (IDW QMS 1 (09.2022)).

−

−

−

−
The executive directors of the Company are responsible for the
preparation of the ESEF documents including the electronic rendering
of the consolidated financial statements and the group management
report in accordance with § 328 Abs. 1 Satz 4 Nr. [number] 1 HGB and
for the tagging of the consolidated financial statements in accordance
with § 328 Abs. 1 Satz 4 Nr. 2 HGB.
In addition, the executive directors of the Company are
responsible for such internal control as they have considered
necessary to enable the preparation of ESEF documents that are free
from material non-compliance with the requirements of § 328 Abs. 1
HGB for the electronic reporting format, whether due to fraud or error.
The supervisory board is responsible for overseeing the process
for preparing the ESEF documents as part of the financial reporting
process.

Our objective is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
ESEF documents are free from material non-compliance with the
requirements of § 328 Abs. 1 HGB, whether due to fraud or error. We
exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the assurance work. We also:

−

Identify and assess the risks of material non-compliance with the
requirements of § 328 Abs. 1 HGB, whether due to fraud or error,
design and perform assurance procedures responsive to those

risks, and obtain assurance evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our assurance opinion.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the
assurance work on the ESEF documents in order to design
assurance procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an assurance opinion on the
effectiveness of these controls.
Evaluate the technical validity of the ESEF documents, i.e., whether
the electronic file containing the ESEF documents meets the
requirements of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815 in the
version in force at the date of the consolidated financial
statements on the technical specification for this electronic file.
Evaluate whether the ESEF documents provide an XHTML
rendering with content equivalent to the audited consolidated
financial statements and to the audited group management
report.
Evaluate whether the tagging of the ESEF documents with Inline
XBRL technology (iXBRL) in accordance with the requirements of
Articles 4 and 6 of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/815, in the
version in force at the date of the consolidated financial
statements, enables an appropriate and complete machinereadable XBRL copy of the XHTML rendering.

We were elected as group auditor by the annual general meeting on
4 May 2023. We were engaged by the supervisory board on 11 May
2023. We have been the group auditor of the Allianz SE, Munich,
without interruption since the financial year 2018.
We declare that the audit opinions expressed in this auditor’s
report are consistent with the additional report to the audit committee
pursuant to Article 11 of the EU Audit Regulation (long-form audit
report).

Our auditor’s report must always be read together with the audited
consolidated financial statements and the audited group
management report as well as the assured ESEF documents. The
consolidated financial statements and the group management report
converted to the ESEF format – including the versions to be filed in the
company register – are merely electronic renderings of the audited
consolidated financial statements and the audited group
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

E _ Further Information

management report and do not take their place. In particular, the
“Report on the Assurance on the Electronic Rendering of the
Consolidated Financial Statements and the Group Management
Report Prepared for Publication Purposes in Accordance with § 317
Abs. 3a HGB” and our assurance opinion contained therein are to be
used solely together with the assured ESEF documents made available
in electronic form.

The German Public Auditor responsible for the engagement is Florian
Möller.
Munich, 26 February 2024

PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

Florian Möller
Wirtschaftsprüfer
(German Public Auditor)

266

Clemens Koch
Wirtschaftsprüfer
(German Public Auditor)

Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

E _ Further Information

AUDITOR’S REPORT
Auditor’s report
To Allianz SE, Munich
We have audited the remuneration report of Allianz SE, Munich, for the
financial year from 1. January to 31. December 2023 including the
related disclosures, which was prepared to comply with § [Article] 162
AktG [Aktiengesetz: German Stock Corporation Act].

The executive directors and the supervisory board of Allianz SE are
responsible for the preparation of the remuneration report, including
the related disclosures, that complies with the requirements of § 162
AktG. The executive directors and the supervisory board are also
responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of a remuneration report, including the related
disclosures, that is free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on this remuneration report,
including the related disclosures, based on our audit. We conducted
our audit in accordance with German generally accepted standards
for the audit of financial statements promulgated by the Institut der
Wirtschaftsprüfer (Institute of Public Auditors in Germany) (IDW).
Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the remuneration report, including the related disclosures, is
free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence
about the amounts including the related disclosures stated in the
remuneration report. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's
judgment. This includes the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the remuneration report including the related
disclosures, whether due to fraud or error.
In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal
control relevant to the preparation of the remuneration report
including the related disclosures. The objective of this is to plan and

267

perform audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the company's internal control. An audit also includes evaluating the
appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness
of accounting estimates made by the executive directors and the
supervisory board, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
remuneration report including the related disclosures.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

Munich, 26 February 2024

PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft

Florian Möller
Wirtschaftsprüfer
(German Public Auditor)

Dennis Schnittger
Wirtschaftsprüfer
(German Public Auditor)

In our opinion, based on the findings of our audit, the remuneration
report for the financial year from 1. January to 31. December 2023,
including the related disclosures, complies in all material respects with
the accounting provisions of § 162 AktG.

The audit of the content of the remuneration report described in this
auditor's report includes the formal audit of the remuneration report
required by § 162 Abs. [paragraph] 3 AktG, including the issuance of a
report on this audit. As we express an unqualified audit opinion on the
content of the remuneration report, this audit opinion includes that the
information required by § 162 Abs. 1 and 2 AktG has been disclosed in
all material respects in the remuneration report.

We issue this auditor’s report on the basis of the engagement agreed
with Allianz SE. The audit has been performed only for purposes of the
company and the auditor‘s report is solely intended to inform the
company as to the results of the audit. Our responsibility for the audit
and for our auditor’s report is only towards the company in accordance
with this engagement. The auditor’s report is not intended for any third
parties to base any (financial) decisions thereon. We do not assume
any responsibility, duty of care or liability towards third parties; no third
parties are included in the scope of protection of the underlying
engagement. § 334 BGB [Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch: German Civil
Code], according to which objections arising from a contract may also
be raised against third parties, is not waived.
Annual Report 2023 − Allianz Group

Allianz Sustainability Report 2023

Guideline on Alternative Performance Measures
Further information on the definition of our Alternative Performance Measures and their components,
as well as the basis of the calculation adopted
www.allianz.com/results

Allianz at a glance
The Allianz Group Sustainability Report “Courage to move forward” covers our contribution to the
environment, society and economy. It provides full details of our sustainability strategy, approach and
progress in 2023 as well as an outlook for 2024.
Date of publication: 7 March 2024
www.allianz.com/sustainability

Allianz People Fact Book 2023

The People Fact Book is the official and most comprehensive report on our workforce facts and figures,
highlighting major HR achievements over the past year and revealing the outlook for 2024.
Date of publication: 7 March 2024
www.allianz.com/hrfactbook

You can find informative overviews of the past years on our website:
Allianz share key indicators:
www.allianz.com/key-indicators-share
Allianz Group key indicators:
www.allianz.com/key-indicators-group

Financial calendar

Imprint

Important dates 1

Annual General Meeting _________________________________________________ 8 May 2024

Allianz SE

Financial Results 1Q ____________________________________________________ 15 May 2024

Königinstrasse 28

Financial Results 2Q/Interim Report 6M __________________________________ 8 August 2024

80802 Munich

Financial Results 3Q ______________________________________________ 13 November 2024

Germany

Financial Results 2024 ______________________________________________ 28 February 2025

Phone + 49 89 3800 0

Annual Report 2024 ___________________________________________________14 March 2025

www.allianz.com

Annual General Meeting _________________________________________________ 8 May 2025

Annual Report online: www.allianz.com/annualreport
Date of publication: 7 March 2024
This is a translation of the German Annual Report of the Allianz Group.
In case of any divergences, the German original is legally binding.

1_The German Securities Trading Act (“Wertpapierhandelsgesetz”) obliges issuers to announce immediately any information which may have a substantial price
impact, irrespective of the communicated schedules. Therefore we cannot exclude that we have to announce key figures related to quarterly and fiscal year results
ahead of the dates mentioned above. As we can never rule out changes to these dates, we recommend checking them online on the Allianz company website.

